      An Anti-Slavery Convention is to be held at Zanesville, Ohio, on the 7th of January next for the purpose of organizing a State Society.   

      Are not very many of our patrons (we groan at that word) laboring under a misapprehension? Are they not dreaming that we are bodiless, and have become altogether ethereal, requiring neither food nor raiment? Or that it costs nothing to print and distribute the Liberator in large editions weekly? Or that they are under no obligations to pay for their paper? We have really much cause to complain of their remissness in paying us what they owe.The above notice has brought us the following letter from a subscriber, enclosing one dollar.— We are therefore encouraged to give it another insertion. patrons      NEWTON, Oct. 27, 1834.   Friends Garrison & Knapp— I took your last paper (for mine I cannot call it) from the Post Office this evening, and as my usual practice is, immediately began to peruse its contents; but my eye, by a strange fatality, was doomed to rest upon a short paragraph, commencing thus— 'Are not very many of our patrons,' &c. Now, I am unable to say what effect the above mentioned article will have upon the rest of your delinquent subscribers, but as for myself, the first move was to find my almost empty purse, and make preparations for sending you its scanty contents. Would that it were more; but untoward circumstances prevent my wishes. If, however, your subscribers will let the above mentioned paragraph speak to their hearts as it has to mine, I doubt not your call will not be in vain. Sooner would I suffer, than let those who are engaged in this glorious warfare lack any needful thing. The cause of immediate emancipation is one, I think, which ought, next to the salvation of the soul, engage the heart of every Christian Philanthropist; and, indeed, they appear so connected, that, to me, it is difficult to draw a line of separation. I do, Sirs, look forward with joyful anticipation to that period, when, by the exertions of yourselves and others engaged in this glorious cause, the shackles of slavery shall fall from their victims, and the song of freedom be heard throughout this land and throughout the earth.  Friends Garrison & Knapp patrons    I remain yours, &c.      ----- -----.     

            We copy from the Courier the following extract from a pamphlet on Slavery in South Carolina, by a South Carolinian. We see no appearance of impartiality in the statements; but many of them are such as no writer would dare to make, if he did not believe them. We think it but fair that he should have a hearing.'Virtually, the slave in Carolina possesses most of the civil freedom of the while man. Civil freedom there, as it is recognized all over the world, is nothing more than the protection of life, limb, reputation, and property. The Carolina master enjoys this advantages, and no more: while the slave, with a few exceptions, and those in his favor, has all these rights secured likewise to himself.  Against him, as against his master, you cannot make an assault with impunity.  If you make his life, yours must pay the forfeit— it he makes yours, like you, he has the benefit of a regular form of trial by sworn freeholders, who, from the fact of their being in most cases, theowners of slaves themselves, are generally rather inclined to evade the law, than to vindicate its exactions. In all criminal prosecutions against him, his master, or guardian, by a simple plea, can have him either immediately brought to trial, or can reverse his case until all excitement against him shall have subsided. Upon trial, his accusers must confront him; and he is entitled to a compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor. He can have the ablest counsel employed in his behalf, with a court at all partial, favorably so, from the reasons already urged in this particular. If found guilty, he has the right of appeal, can be reprieved, and finally pardoned. When any one assailshis reputation, and asperses his character for honesty and faithfulness, and of itself should speak volumes in reply to those who regard and denounce the southern slaveholder as a ruthless tyrant, his master, or guardian, may bring an action for damages, and no judge or jury in the country dare refuse to award them.  Indeed, such is the humanity of public feeling in his behalf that out of the many cases of this nature in our reports, there is not one, where, [ ] assault against him, the damages have been greater than in the instance of the[ ] white man. Does any one steal from them whether white or black, the offender is made amenable to the laws, and receives, according to the circumstances, the full punishment for felony. It is true, the slave cannot [ ] the stand of justice, bear witness against the white man; nor can he of himself bring hisclaim for redress into court; [ ] in all instances,his master, or his guardian can do so forhim; and we say it, without fear of contradiction, that the instance is not knownin the state of South Carolina, in which, uponproper provocation a necessity, they have ever failed to do so. To go even further, such is the sensitiveness in which the Carolina master views every [ ] of the rights of his slave, that the cases for this cause [ ] the severest disputes have taken place, [ ] in court as out of it, between their proprietors. Indeed, public opinion there, has almost made it a general rule of honor, at any interference with the privileges of a slave, in the faithful exercises of his duties or of his ownrights, on the part of others must be considered an indignity to the master, which should be as quickly resented [ ] directly put upon himself.Nor, in a political point of view, is the confusion of the slave so deficient in advantages and privilege, or so irksome to his pride and feelings as some would make it out. In time, we must admit, that he is deprived of suffrage. But if this right means (as it undoubtedly does) that which secures him a representation, then the slave has little of such to complain. Substantially, he is represented as much as his master; for the interest of the proprietor is emphatically that request for the well being of the subordinate. Every page of local legislation in that state proves the truth of this work.As regards his personal rights, the law has left him unprotected. While it compels his master to furnish him with proper food, water and clothing, it forbids that he shall be worked over fourteen hours out of the twenty-four; and while defining strictly what the punishment shall be, affixes its penalty all excess in its exercise. In addition to the statuary provisions, the feelings of the master together with, and powerfully acted upon by public opinion, in a great degree, and the kindly intentions of the law. Thus, [ ] in Europe, whole communities have vanished from famine and disease, neglected and without concern, public or private, among the Southern slave population even apprehension of these influences has never been known. In health, they are always provided with clothing, and all necessary and [ ], though plain, food. In sickness, obvious interest of the master impels him procure for them the best medical attendance which, indeed, in most plantations, is generally secured by annual contract with the regular physician. Thus provided for with physical pain as much mitigated as practicablewith science, the approach of which isfree from those thousand anxieties, which beset the mind of the freeman, who leaves children without protection, and that con[ ] concern, which the black well knows must belong to the relations of the slave and master.Religious immunities are also secured to the Carolina slave. Independent of the full [ ] of the Sabbath, which the law gives him, whenever his tasks have been completed, and these, as will be seen, are of [ ] performance, he is permitted to attend religious meeting properly conducted. Whenever he has been restricted in this privilege, the cause can be traced to the immediate and unwise interference of ministers, who have brought him lessons, as inconsistent with their Christian mission, as they have been dangerous to the quietude of the [ ]. If indiscreet or evil men will penetrate into a country so situated, and, forgetful of those divine precepts, which teach diligence and faithfulness to the slave, and lenity and mildness to the master— if, forgetful of such precepts, they will step aside from their calling, to interfere with the domestic and political institutions of a nation, and excite its dependant and ignorant castes to the bloodiest insurrections, they must expect, not only to lose their privilege in this particular, but that the liberty of the slave will be abridged. The same conduct, in an European community, among freemen, which these teachers have been for years exercising in reference to the people of South Carolina, would immediately call forth the most rigid interposition of government. It is something unreasonable, then, to censure those, who, in placing certain laws in their statute books for their protection and safety, have only sought to provide for, and to meet, such exigencies. The case is perfectly unknown, in Carolina, where, with a judicious teacher and proper religious instruction, the slave has been withheld from the full enjoyment of these immunities.  It is to the interest of the master that he should be thus instructed, for experience has taught, that religious education makes him more honorable and faithful to all the purposes of his employer. The impression, too, which so many entertain, that the slave is excluded from partaking of the same Christian rites with the freeman, is grossly unjust, and is abundantly refuted, in the fact, that in all our churches, the same communion is indiscriminately administered from the same cup to Black and White alike. In extending our remark in this place, we do it with the awkward consciousness, when called upon to admit, that it does not unfrequently occur, that the number of the former participants greatly exceeds that of the latter.But it has been urged as a great objection to the Southern system of slavery, that the slave is not permitted to receive education, and is thus deprived of the means of acquiring for himself a knowledge of the Scriptures, If such an embarrassment could be taken away, without bringing with its removal the evils which have so frequently resulted, we might be disposed to admit the force of the objection, and to desire a relaxation of our laws in this respect. The safety of both parties, however, forbids such an indulgence.  Whenever extended, the slave has been always deluded, and instead of learning to read precepts of benevolence and love, the first lessons he has been taught, have been those of disaffection and revolt. It is in view of this, that he has been denied any other than oral instruction. Able and efficient teachers are provided him for this purpose. He hears the Bible read, along with the Whites, at every religious meeting, and at stated times and places, he is catechised in a manner suited to his capacity. In fact, it is as common in Carolina to find the true Christian in the person of the slave, as in that of any other class or complexion in the world.'   'Virtually, the slave in Carolina possesses most of the civil freedom of the while man. Civil freedom has all these rights secured likewise to himself.  you cannot make an assault with impunity.  yours must pay the forfeit a regular form of trial the owners of slaves themselves, one assails his reputation, and asperses his character for honesty and faithfulness, no judge or jury in the country dare refuse to award them.  humanity the damages have been greater than in the instance of the the full punishment for felony.       they have ever failed to do so. rights of his slave, privileges of his own rights   the slave has little of such to complain interest of the proprietor is emphatically that request for the well being of the subordinate    fourteen hours out of the twenty-four; even apprehension of these influences has never been known.   the best medical attendance which,     those thousand anxieties, which beset the mind of the freeman, who leaves children without protection,   knows   Religious immunities   properly conducted. immediate and unwise interference of ministers, excite its dependant and ignorant castes to the bloodiest insurrections, unreasonable, judicious proper immunities.    If such an embarrassment could be taken away, we might be disposed to admit the force of the objection, and to desire a relaxation of our laws in this respect. The safety of both parties, however, forbids such an indulgence.  the slave has been always deluded, he has been denied any other than oral instruction it is as common in Carolina to find the true Christian in the person of the slave, as in that of any other class or complexion in the world.'   

        Thomas Pierl, Fairmont, Pa.Joseph Fulton, Swan, Pa.Joseph Harvey, Portsmouth, N.H.     

        The undersigned, being quoted by name in the closing paragraph of the leading editorial article in the Evangelist for the 11th instant, as having advanced the opinion, on a late public occasion, that the Congress of the United States possesses power under the Constitution to put an end to the domestic slave trade, asks the favor of being allowed to make a brief statement on this most agitating and vital topic.I do believe, and have long and repeatedly maintained, that slavery is a sin to him who in any way supports it. In support of this opinion, I did in 1830 stake and lose in Kentucky, whatever political influence years of previous, and not unsuccessful effort had secured; and in 1833 I did solemnly and publicly refuse to sit as a corresponding member of the Synod of Kentucky, after that body refused to say that God's law condemned slavery.I have continually held that this whole nation and world are bound to use all lawful means to put an end to slavery every where upon earth; and that to do this, we are all bound to use legal means where they exist, and moral means always.That the Congress of the United States has power to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, no reasonable man can doubt; that this power should be exercised without delay, every humane man ought to admit. But that Congress possesses the power to abolish the domestic slave trade under that clause of the Federal Constitution which (section viii. of act 1) confers authority to regulate commerce among the several states, I have never asserted; nor do I now assert it, nor yet deny it. I firmly believe, however, that the ix section of article 1, which is in these words, 'The migration or importation of such persons, as any of the states now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808, does expressly allow Congress to regulate, and if need be prohibit, both importation from foreign countries, and emigration from state to state, of the persons intended in these words. Moreover, I consider that Congress has wisely and repeatedly in substance exercised these powers; and I am ready to vindicate and uphold, as far as one man may, the future exercise of the same beneficent authority; since I am fully convinced nothing would more effectually tend to sap the foundations of slavery in several of the slave states.It is clear to my mind, that each state has exclusive power to say whether or not slavery may continue in its borders; yet it is equally clear that each state for itself, and the Congress for them all, has power to prevent the emigration and importation of slaves— or of any other persons, not being citizens of the state whence they migrate.So also, while no person, not a citizen in one state, has a right to set up any claim in any state, except under the lex loci of the latter; yet the third section of the iv. article expressly says, that 'The citizens of each state shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the several states.' So that all laws that bear distinctly and harshly on the free people of color, are void as those already citizens of any state; and may be made void as to all of them, by their all becoming entitled to citizenship, under the lex loci, in any state of this Union.This shows that the cases of the slaves and of the free blacks is widely different; and of course their mutual interests require a widely different action on the part of their friends and themselves. With regard to the whole subject of internal slavery, every state is to every other state, to all intents, a foreign nation; while with regard to the free blacks and to migrating slaves, the whole nation is in some sense one.So much for the nature of the cases, and our power, over them, as being ourselves Americans, or citizens of the respective states. As to the mode of making our wishes and principles operative— the difference is as wide, as the principles on which we respectively build are irreconcilable. I, for example, know that the abolitionist North, have no more power over the condition of slavery, by directly [ ] land, than they have in B[ ]fore I am surprised to see [ ] course, in reference to the subject in a former state, which, in the latter, any [ ] would insure defeat. I know that any abolition without the consent of the states holding the slaves is impossible; that to obtain this consent on any terms is very difficult; that to obtain it without the prospect of extensive removal by colonization, is impossible; that to obtain it instantly on any terms is the dream of ignorance; that to expect it, instantly with subsequent equality, is frantic nonsense; and that to demand it, as an instant right, irrespective of consequences, and to be followed by amalgamation, at the option of the parties, is reckless wickedness!No observant man can doubt that the tendency of present and recent events is to ruin the cause of the man of color. Unless I greatly err, when the present phrenzied state of the public mind passes off, the North will subside into indifference, or neutrality, and the South into a more settled adherence to slavery. Both of which unhappy results, I confidently attribute to the principles and conduct of the abolitionists.I trust that the nature of my past and present posture with reference to this subject, will be considered a sufficient justification for the present, and any future exposition I may feel called on to submit to the public.           lex loci lex loci,   internal slavery, every state is to every other state, to all intents, a foreign nation; while with regard to the free blacks and to migrating slaves, the whole nation is in some sense one.          ROBERT J. BRECKINRIDGE.   Baltimore.  Baltimore.   

        The following letter was not written with any reference to its publication; But a copy of it having been put into our hands, we asked liberty of its author to give it publicity, which he readily granted. Mr. CHILD, in withdrawing from the Masonic Institution, commends himself vet more strongly to the respect and admiration of the friends of equal rights and impartial liberty.    BOSTON, Oct. 9, 1834.   DEAR SIR,— Having come to the determination to close my connection with St. Paul's Royal Arch Chapter, and with Freemasonry generally, I have to request that you would let me know how much I owe the Chapter, in order that I may discharge the same, and entitle myself to a regular dismission.I beg you and all my brethren to be assured, that in coming to this result, I am not influenced by the adversity, or supposed adversity, in which the Order is at present involved. If I felt sure that the cause were good, that adversity, instead of driving me from it, would be a new reason for a firm and unalterable adhesion to it. But I am convinced that the Order does no good, which cannot now be attained by other means more simple and economical and less liable to perversion.In times long gone by, there was in Europe, neither from public law nor private humanity, any adequate protection or relief for persons in humble, middling, or distressed circumstances, this ancient and voluntary association was of inestimable value. But it is in my judgment equally true, that its character and tendencies are now in a great measure reversed; that its once powerful machinery is capable of receiving from the hands of ignorant and malicious members, a disastrous direction; that appalling abuse, to which experience has demonstrated that it is liable, is an argument against its use, that its usefulness is in fact over, or rapidly drawing to an end; that it has for many years held, and is still holding, the established press of this free country in bondage; and that the mischief, which its continued existence is occasioning to society and the best interests of the country, is not likely to be compensated by any possible good which it can ever do in time to come.With great respect, and with feelings entirely friendly towards the several gentlemen constituting the Chapter, with whom my association has been personally pleasant to me,           I am, your ob't & humble Sv't,      D.L. CHILD.   Mr. Gilbert Nourse, Secretary St. Paul's Royal Arch Chapter.  Secretary St. Paul's Royal Arch Chapter.   

        In pursuance of previous public notice, a meeting of the friends of immediate abolition of Slavery in the United States, was held at Augusta, on the fifteenth of October, 1834.The meeting was called to order by Rev. Thomas Adams of Hallowell, and David Thurston of Winthrop was chairman. The Chairman, after briefly stating the objects of the meeting, addressed the throne of grace. Messrs. Pomroy and Lovejoy of Bangor, were appointed a committee to ascertain the names and residence of the persons in attendance as members of the Convention. The committee reported the following roll of members, viz:Augusta— Asa Redington, jr., John Eveleth, George W. Shepherd.Bangor— S.L. Pomroy, Alex. Drummond, Joseph C. Lovejoy, Wm. Emerson, Charles A. Stackpole.Brewer— Wales Lewis.Bloomfield— G.W. Hathaway.Bristol— Wm. Hunter.Brunswick— G.E. Adams.Buxton— Peter Libbey.Bluehill— James Gilpatrick.Bucksport— Samuel M. Pond.Bridgton, North— Charles Soule.Bowdoin College— James Drummond, P. Follansbee, Leonard Hawes, Isaac Randall.Castine— Parker Wouster.Dixfield— Henry Farewell.Freeport— Cephas H. Kent.Fairfield— Israel E. Wilkins.Gardiner— Peleg Wadsworth.Hallowell— Arthur Drinkwater, George Shepard, E. Dole, S.K. Gilman, Robert Gardiner, Augustus Alden, Elias Bond, Thomas Adams, Stevens Smith, R.D. Rice, James Gow, Wm. Woodbridge, Wm. R. Prescott, Herman Stinson, Philander Morton.Lewiston— Samuel Pickard.Litchfield— George Starrett.Machias— Wm. A. Crocker.Mohmouth— J. Cochran, Wm. E. Gordon.Maine Wesleyan Seminary— Edward Cook, A.C. Milliken.New Sharon— John Cook.Portland— Samuel Fessenden, Wm. Coe, Isaac Winslow, Reuben Ruby.Prospect— Stephen Thurston.Pownal— Elkanah Walker.Rumford— N.W. Sheldon.Solon— G.W. FargoSedgwick— Edwin W. Garrison.Strong— Wm. May.Topsham— J.T. Hawes.Turner— David Talbot, jr.Vassalboro'— E. Southwick, Josiah Fairfield, Edward Fairfield.Winthrop— David Thurston, John May, Seth May, Stephen Sewall, C.B. Marston, E. Holmes, Caleb Barrows, Benjamin Southworth, Anson Stanley, Joseph Metcalf, Samuel Webb, Austin Alden, M.H. Metcalf, Samuel Benjamin.Waterville— Calvin Newton, J.C. Morrill, J.E. Farnham, Nathan Oliver, H.W. Day, George L. LeRow, G.M. Cummings, S. Bradford, S.W. Field, Luther Bickford.Wayne— Thomas B. Robinson, James Clark, G.W. Fairbanks.The Convention was addressed by the Rev. Mr. Fargo of Solon, and Rev. Mr. Hawes of Topsham, on the evils of Slavery as it now exists in the United States.Hon. Samuel M. Pond, Rev. Arthur Drinkwater, and Rev. Thomas Adams were appointed a committee to nominate officers for the Convention.On motion of Gen. Fessenden of Portland, voted, that each session of this Convention be opened and closed with prayer.The Committee appointed to nominate officers for the Convention reported as follows:     Augusta   Bangor   Brewer   Bloomfield   Bristol   Brunswick   Buxton   Bluehill   Bucksport   Bridgton, North   Bowdoin College   Castine   Dixfield   Freeport   Fairfield   Gardiner   Hallowell   Lewiston   Litchfield   Machias   Mohmouth   Maine Wesleyan Seminary   New Sharon   Portland   Prospect   Pownal   Rumford   Solon   Sedgwick   Strong   Topsham   Turner   Vassalboro'   Winthrop   Waterville   Wayne       that     Rev. David Thurston,President.  Hon. Samuel M. Pond,Vice Presidents.  Ebenezer Dole, Esq.  Samuel K. Gilman, Esq.Secretaries.  Rev. Wooster Parker,  Rev. S.L. Pomroy, Gen. Samuel Fessenden, Rev. Stephen Thurston, Doct. LaFayette Perkins, and Professor Calvin Newton, a committee of Overtures.The Committee of Overtures presented the following resolution.Resolved, That this Convention are gratified in seeing among them a number of the well known friends of immediate emancipation, from abroad, and that they be invited to take seats as corresponding members of this body.The Chairman of the [ ] stated he had particular reference to Mr. Thompson from England, Rev. Amos A. Phelps, agent of the American Anti-Slavery Society, from Boston; Rev. Cyrus P. Grosvenor of Salem, Mass; and Benjamin C. Bacon, Esq. of Boston, Secretary of the New-England Anti-Slavery Society. The resolution was unanimously adopted, and the gentlemen referred to took seats with the Convention.Professor Newton of the committee of Overtures presented the following resolution, which was unanimously adopted.Resolved, That for the purpose of concentrating our efforts and bringing them to bear with the greatest weight on the subject of emancipation, it is expedient to form a State Anti-Slavery Society.Voted, That Messrs. Fessenden, Newton, Adams of Hallowell, Adams of Brunswick, and Southwick of Vassalboro' to be a committee to report a Constitution for a State Anti-Slavery Society.The Session was closed with prayer by Rev. Mr. Drinkwater, and the Convention adjourned till 2 P.M.AFTERNOON. Met according to adjournment— prayer by Rev. Mr. Gilpatrick.On motion of Mr. Adams of Brunswick,Resolved, That in all our efforts to procure the abolition of slavery throughout the United States, we utterly and solemnly disclaim all feelings of hostility towards our fellow-citizens and brethren who hold slaves; and we believe we are laboring for their good in the most direct way, when we labor for the immediate and entire extinction of Slavery.The resolution was supported by the mover, Messrs. Thurston of Prospect, Pomroy, and Pond, and unanimously adopted.Mr. Pomroy of the Committee, offered the following resolutions.Resolved, That this Convention regret and heartily condemn any unkind or uncharitable language which may have been used by any of the friends of emancipation or their opponents; that we disclaim all responsibility in regard to such language, and sincerely hope that 'all bitterness and wrath, and clamor, and all evil speaking' may be utterly abolished, with all uncharitableness. Passed unanimously.Resolved, That this Convention considers the practice (by no means uncommon) of individuals going from the free to the slave states, and there becoming the holders of slaves, as a crime against God and man of a deeper die, than if they had been born and educated in the midst of slavery, and deserves the unqualified condemnation of every friend of liberty and religion. Supported by Messrs. Phelps, Adams of Hallowell, Pomroy and Thompson, and unanimously adopted.On motion of Mr. Pomroy,Resolved, That no member of the Convention be allowed to occupy more than ten minutes in speaking, at any one time.The committee appointed to draft a constitution for a State Anti-Slavery Society, made a report, which was read, and the remainder of the afternoon was spent in considering a motion to strike out of Art 1, the words 'and shall be auxiliary to the American Anti-Slavery Society.' After considerable debate, the motion to strike out was withdrawn, and the first article of the constitution was adopted with but one dissenting vote.The session was closed with prayer by Rev. Jotham Sewall of Chesterville. Adjourned till 7 o'clock in the evening.EVENING. Met according to adjournment. Prayer by Rev. Mr. Coe of Portland.Voted, That the rule of the Convention, restricting the speakers to occupy but ten minutes at any one time, be suspended for the evening.The evening was occupied by Messrs. Grosvenor, Thompson, and Adams of Brunswick, who severally spoke upon the character of slavery and its effects in the U. States.Prayer by Rev. George E. Adams. Adj. till 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.      Resolved,                                            THURSDAY, Oct. 16.   Convention met agreeable to adjournment. Prayer by Rev. Mr. Soule.The remaining articles of the Constitution were taken up, debated, and unanimously adopted.Messrs. Shepard of Hallowell, Pond of Bucksport, Sewall of Winthrop, Coe of Portland, and Drinkwater of Hallowell, were appointed a committee to report officers for the Society.Messrs. Shepard of Hallowell, Redington of Augusta, and Gilman of Hallowell, were appointed a committee to prepare and publish an account of the proceedings of this Convention.On motion of Mr. Adams of Brunswick,Resolved, That in order to improve the condition of our colored population, it is the duty of the benevolent to seek out young colored persons and encourage and assist them in preparing for the various professions and employments of life.On motion of Mr. Pomroy, the following resolution was adopted.Whereas the New-England Anti-Slavery Society's Convention field in Boston in May last, resolved to establish a Manual Labor High School for the special benefit of the children of colored persons, thereforeResolved, That this Convention cordially approve of such establishment, and recommend it to all the friends of liberty and learning.Prayer by Rev. Mr. Grosvenor. Adjourned to 2 o'clock.AFTERNOON: Met agreeably to adjournment. Prayer at Rev. Thomas Adams.The committee of overtures introduced the following:Resolved, That ministers of the gospel of all denominations, favorable to the anti-slavery cause, be respectfully and earnestly requested to deliver addresses or sermons on the subject on or about the fourth of July of each year, and to take up collections in aid of the cause.This resolution was supported by Messrs. Lovejoy, Phelps, Pomroy, Hawes, Adams of Brunswick, Thurston of Prospect, and Gilpatrick of Bluehill.On motion of Mr. Thurston of Prospect,Resolved, That it is no part of the plans and objects of this Convention to promote the amalgamation of the whites and blacks by intermarriages.Resolved, That this Convention regards it as a duty binding on all of every age, sex and condition in society, to 'remember those that are in bonds as bound with them,' and does therefore regard with high satisfaction the formation of Female Anti-Slavery Societies, and considers the general co-operation of American ladies in the holy cause of emancipation as essential to the overthrow of slavery in the land.Resolved, That this Convention regards the domestic slave trade now carried on in these United States, as no less atrocious in the sight of God than the foreign, and is equally worthy with the foreign to be pronounced and treated as piracy.Resolved, That while the Convention are fully aware that the peaceable abolition of slavery in this country will require the legislative action of the slaveholding states, they utterly disclaim all intention and purpose of forming a political party, and that they shall consider the object of anti-slavery associations accomplished when the public sentiment of this nation on the subject of human rights shall be in harmony with the great principles of God's law.Resolved, That this Convention most cordially and affectionately welcome their friend and fellow-laborer, George Thompson, Esq. who after having labored with great acceptance and success in the efforts made by our English brethren for the abolition of Slavery in the British Colonies, has now arrived among us to aid us in our efforts to abolish slavery in these United States; and coming as he does the representative of the views and feelings of a large class of the most devoted and eminent christians in England, among whom are such men as Docts. Wardlaw, Heugh, and Cox— Rev. John Angell James, George Stephen, Esq— and believing also that he comes among us as a friend and a brother, desirous only to promote the best interests and highest glory of our beloved land, and that his labors will be of eminent service in the cause of emancipation, we would cordially command him to the courtesy, confidence, and friendship of the christian community.The committee appointed to nominate officers for the present year, reported the following:For President— Hon. SAMUEL M. POND of Bucksport.For Vice Presidents— Dr. Burleigh Smart of Kennebunk; Samuel F. Hussey, Esq., Portland; Samuel Pickard, Esq. Lewiston, Simeon Perkins, Esq., Hebron; Prof. Calvin Newton, Waterville; Dr. James Bowen, Bloomfield; Rev. Stephen Thurston, Prospect; John Godfrey, Esq. Bangor; Wm. A. Crocker, Esq. Machias, John Buck, Esq., Orland.Rev. George E. Adams of Brunswick, Corresponding Secretary.Samuel K. Gilman, Esq. of Hallowell, Recording Secretary.John Eveleth, Esq. of Augusta, Treasurer.Asa Redington, Jr. Esq. of Augusta, Ebenezer Dole, Esq. of Hallowell, Stephen Sewall, Esq. of Winthrop, Executive Committee.The report of the Committee was accepted and the officers severally elected to the offices reported by the committee.On motion of Mr. Lovejoy of Bangor,Resolved, That the thanks of this Convention be tendered to John Hovey, Esq. for procuring this house for the meeting of this Convention.Resolved, That the thanks of this Convention be tendered to its President for the able and dignified manner in which he has presided over its deliberations.At the request of the Convention the President offered prayer, after which the Convention adjourned without day.(A number of able and interesting addresses were made which will appear hereafter.)                                        human rights       For President   For Vice Presidents   Corresponding Secretary.   Recording Secretary.   Treasurer.   Executive Committee.               

      The Hermitage Burnt.— We learn from the Nashville Republican, that the Hermitage, the seat of President Jackson, was destroyed by fire on the afternoon of the 13th inst. The fire was first discovered in the roof and had made such progress, that all attempts to arrest it were unavailing. The entire edifice, with the exception of the room attached to the northern end, and used as a dining room, was in a few hours consumed. The valuable furniture in the lower story was saved, though much broken and otherwise injured in getting it out; that in the second story was chiefly destroyed. The fire is supposed to have been communicated to the roof by the falling of a spark from one of the chimneys; and there being at that time a light breeze from the North West, the progress of the flames was portionally rapid.— Traveller. The Hermitage Burnt.  Traveller.   

        Whereas, the most High God hath made of one blood all the families of man for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath endowed all alike with `certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,' and we therefore believe that the slavery existing in these United States, by which more than two millions of our fellow countrymen are deprived of those rights, is a gross violation of the law of God, as well as of the fundamental principles of our government; and whereas we recognize it as a duty incumbent on all to do what they can to put an end to this system of oppression; and whereas we believe also that it can be done, as in the case of intemperance, only by radical reform of individual and by consequence of public sentiment, attend that we can act to this end, most efficiently only by organized effort—Therefore, we the undersigned, agree to form ourselves into a Society for this purpose, to be governed by the following         ART. 1. This Society shall be called the Maine Anti-Slavery Society, and shall be auxiliary to the American Anti-Slavery Society.ART. 2. The fundamental principles of this Society are, that slaveholding is a heinous crime against God and man, and therefore that Immediate Emancipation, without the condition of Expatriation, is the duty of the master and the right of the slave.ART. 3. The leading object of this Society is to do what it can by moral and religious means, and by no other, to secure the Immediate and Entire Emancipation of our enslaved brethren and sisters. This Society will also encourage and promote the intellectual, morel and religious improvement of the free people of color, and by correcting prevailing and wicked prejudices, endeavor to obtain for them, as well as the enslaved, and equality with the whites in civil, intellectual and religious privileges; but will never countenance the oppressed in vindicating their rights by physical force.ART. 4. Any person who assents to the above principles may become a member of this Society by signing its constitution.ART. 5. The officers of this Society shall be a President, one Vice President from each county, a Corresponding and a Recording Secretary, Treasurer, and an Executive Committee of six, of which the President and Secretaries shall be members. The President, Vice Presidents, Secretaries and Treasurer shall discharge the duties usually devolving on their respective offices. It shall be the duty of the Executive Committee to promote the great objects of the Society in such ways as they may think proper, consistently with this Constitution.ART. 6. The annual meeting of the society shall be on the last Wednesday of October, at such place as may be designated by the Executive Committee.             

      MARRIED— On Sunday evening 26th inst. by the Rev. Jehiel C. Beman, Rev. John A. Smith of Buffalo, N.Y. to Miss. Bathsheba Jacobs of Hartford, Ct.In Cumberland, by Rev. Mr. Minor, Mr. Henry Peprough to Miss. Mary Ann Brown, both of Providence R.I.     

        A day or two before the Convention, the Age published a long article rather severe against the abolitionists, and containing, as we think, many errors of fact and opinion. The paper, among other things, touched pretty sharply upon the anti-slavery missionary from England, Mr. Thompson, who was expected to be present. He was present, and in his address in the evening be took up the paper and the editor, and with more chivalry than prudence, went at it pell mell in real John Bull style. The gentleman has a smooth tongue and a ready wit, long practiced we doubt not in oral controversy, and he brought his guns to bear with some force upon the editor of the Age. This of course raised something of a dust among the friends of that paper who were present, many of whom represented that Thompson ridiculed the Republican institutions of the country. This however he totally disclaimed, declaring that he was a Republican himself, and that his sentiments as such were well known in England. He averred that he attacked slavery, and that only, wherever it existed, but that it was more odious under a Republican government than under a despotism. Such was the excitement, however, among a few, aided by considerable misrepresentation or misunderstanding, that a few of our citizens collected at Roger's Tavern near the old Court House where the Convention was held, and sent over a committee to admonish Mr. Thompson to leave the town before five o'clock, and not to appear again in the Convention. We respect many of the gentlemen concerned, and therefore feel the greater regret that they should permit themselves to do an act so indefensible. What right had they to say when Mr. Thompson should speak in a Convention in which they took no part and had no concern? If they did not like him, they need not hear him; or if he did attack the editor of the Age, with his tongue, Mr. Bridge has the use of his tongue and his pen, to defend himself, and with the advantage of having the control of his paper to say what he pleased of Mr. Thompson, it was certainly very unmanly to invite the aid of a mob to drive off this single individual. We think the act deserves reprehension more particularly because it savors of that disorganizing violence which is rife in many parts of the country, substituting brutal force for law and order, tending directly to bloodshed and crimes of the deepest dye. A dagger or a cudgel is but a poor apology for an argument, and is not often resorted to until the argument fails. Besides it is a wretched policy to threaten to knock a man down, instead of refuting what he [ ] since he that is denied a hearing and [ ] with violence, will be sure to [ ] who would otherwise be wholly indifferent if not adverse to him. The convention finished its business in the afternoon and adjourned. The members went to Hallowell, where Mr. Thompson delivered an address in the evening undisturbed. On Wednesday night Mr. Thompson lodged with the Rev. Mr. Tappan of this town, who by the way took no part in the Convention. In the course of the night some paltry raseals, knowing probably that Mr. Thompson was there, prowled around when all honest people were asleep, and taking some billets of wood, broke in one of Mr. Tappan'a front windows— a most gallant achievement! It is a pity they are not yet certainly known, because the innocent are liable to be suspected. was his night   

      DIED— In New-Bedford, Mr. Jacob Johnson.   

      The Vincennes Sun records the death of Mrs. Angeline Mallet, at the advanced age of 110 years. It was her lot to raise a family of fourteen children, to the age of women and men, and to live to bury them all; all of them having left behind them large families.   

        DIED— In Philadelphia, Sept. 1st, 1834, Charles Frederick, son of Robert Douglass, senior, in the 21st year of his age.When death removes from among our relatives the aged, those who full of years have lived their appointed time, grief will have way, and we mourn with sincerity their departure. Yet far more poignant is our grief when his unerring haft strikes the young from the path of life, and obliterates at a blow the bright anticipations, the glowing plans of happiness, which at this period fill the imagination.Charles Frederick Douglass, the subject of this obituary notice, was possessed of talents, and their rapid development delighted his parents, surprised his friends, and promised to their possessor celebrity. In common with those of his age, he had looked forward to his 21st year as forming a new era in his existence, as affording him a more extended sphere in which to exert his faculties. Very nigh was he to beholding the anniversary of his nativity. It will come, but the son that illumines his natal day, will glance upon his grave; a grave hallowed by the tears of his affectionate parents, of his sisters, of his brothers. That sun will look upon the grave of a Christian.He was familiar with the scriptures from his earliest childhood, never retiring to rest without reading a position of the sacred volume; and when he was about to journey down into the dark valley, they were indeed 'as a lamp to his feet and a light to his path.' His death was exemplary— his mind free from every doubt, and his faith in the merit and saving grace of the Lord Jesus Christ who died for all, pure and steadfast. 'It is appointed into all men once to die,' and the manner of his death is rather to be envied than deplored. Let not the youthful relatives of the deceased weep for him, but learning from his example that death has no regard for age or condition, strive to be always ready. Let not the aged weep, for they know that the manner, of his death was that of the righteous, and that 'Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord.'— Emancipator. Charles Frederick,       Emancipator.   

      Judge Duval, of the Supreme Court of the United States, has determined to resign his office, and will probably not take his seat on the bench again. The Judge is a very aged man, having been Secretary of the First Committee of Safety in Maryland, sixty years ago.   

        THE subscriber takes this method to announce to the readers of the Liberator in Philadelphia, that he has opened a School at No. 29, North Fifth street, near Arch, where she will receive young females without regard to their complexion, for instruction in all the branches of an English education.Having devoted herself for several years past to the employment of disciplining and instructing the youthful mind, she trusts she will be able to give satisfaction to those who may place their children under her care. The formation of an amiable and dignified moral character, will constitute a prominent branch of instruction in this School, and no pains will be spared in the preparation of her pupils to fill with propriety the high destiny of rational, intelligent, and accountable beings.      REBECCA BUFFUM, Jr.   Philadelphia, 10th mo. 27, 1834.    

          We plead the necessity of the case for the following disclosures. Were it a matter of common concernment, we would not allow ourselves to publish the statements of a transient and unknown person, to the disparagement of a minister of the gospel, or of any man. But in regard to the sin of slavery, it is no secret that ministers of the gospel are as much implicated as any other class of men. It is, moreover, true that the masters and their white friends, have always claimed the right to tell their own story, and have it believed as the whole truth in the case. We think it is time to hear the other side— the story of the slave. If in the following statements, there should be any thing incorrect, the persons concerned will have the liberty to make full correction in our columns, and for the sake of fair play the paper which contains this will be sent to them.A young man of black complexion lately called at the Anti-Slavery office, to whom we put questions and received answers substantially as follows:Q. What is your name?A. It is ----- sir.Q. Is that the name you have always had?A. No sir. I used to be called Ben. I changed my name when I left my master.Q. Who was your master?A. Rev. Stephen C. King.Q. Where does he reside?A. In Glynn county, Georgia.Q. Does that county lie near the sea?A. No, it is more than one hundred miles from the sea.(The masters must teach their slaves Geography to suit their own convenience; for Glynn county lies on the sea shore.)Q. Was you raised by him?A. Yes. I was raised on his plantation.Q. Where does that lie?A. On Turtle River.Q. Do you know a Creek called Buffalo Creek? A. Yes.Q. Where does it empty?A. It empties into Turtle River.Q. What is the nearest large town to Mr. King's plantation?A. St. Mary's.Q. How many slaves has he?A. I don't know how many he owns, but he has 200 on the plantation.Q. Does he buy and sell them?A. Not many. He has bought a few since I can remember.Q. Does he sell any?A. He has sold some when he got vexed with them.Q. What crops does Mr. King raise?A. Cotton and sugar— but most of cotton.Q. Does he treat his slaves kindly?A. He is good enough himself, but then he isn't on the plantation much. His overseer takes the whole care of the slaves.Q. What is the name of his overseer?A. Bill Paine is the one he has now.Q. Is he kind to the slaves?A. Not he!(With au expression of surprise at the simplicity of the question.)Q. Mr. King has had other overseers; were they any better?A. Some were better than others, but any of them bad enough.Q. Are Mr. King's overseers any better than those of the planters that live about him who are not ministers?A. No.(With an arch look, that indicated a consciousness of the discrepancy between the professions of a preacher and the practice of a slaveholder.)Q. Does the overseer carry a WHIP?A. Yes, always.Q. What sort of a whip is it?A. Like that yonder.(Pointing to a huge loaded, elastic whip covered with black and white leather, which lay in the Anti-Slavery office, where the conversation occurred. This whip had been procured as a sample of the 'overseer's whips' manufactured by a firm of saddlers in LIBERTY street IN THIS CITY!)Q. Does the overseer ever use his whip?A. That he does. And he has two black drivers under him with whips. Sometimes the overseer strikes a slave and sometimes he tells the driver to do it.Q. Are they whipped as they stand, with their clothes on?A. No, they are always stripped naked and generally tied down upon a log or something of the kind.Q. Are women whipped in this manner?A. They are stripped only to the waist and are flogged upon the bare back and shoulders.Q. What are floggings usually given for?A. Sometimes for coming late to work, and whenever they do not work to suit the overseer.Q. Which is the hardest for the slaves, the sugar or the cotton?A. The cotton on the where; so much care has to be taken in hoeing.Q. Is not some of the work in making sugar harder than hoeing cotton.A. Yes the grinding.Q. What makes that so hard?A. They must keep it agoing night and day, those that work till twelve o'clock at night, have to be at it again before light the next morning. And if they are not there in season they have to be flogged.Q. The women as well as the men?A. Yes the drivers make no difference.Q. What allowance of provisions is made for each slave?A. A Peck of corn a week, and meal at Christmas and New-Year's.Q. Is one peck of corn a week sufficient to each person?A. They generally make it last, but if not, they speak to the overseer and he usually increases the allowance till it is enough.Q. Do not the slaves have patches of ground to cultivate for themselves?A. Yes.Q. What time is allowed them to cultivate these?A. They may work on them after they get their tasks done. Sometimes they can get done by twelve o'clock, sometimes not till night. This is according to the task.Q. What do the slaves do on Sundays?A. They hold then meetings, and do pretty much what they have a mind to.Q. Is Mr. King particular not to have work done on Sunday?A. Yes. He never has any work done on the plantation except when it is very pressing and the crop would spoil.Q. Does Mr. King preach to his slaves?A. Yes, sometimes when he happens on the plantation on Sunday.Q. Does not Mr. King preach to his slaves?A. Yes, sometimes when he happens on the plantation on Sunday.Q. What does he preach about?A. O, he tells them they must obey their master and be quiet, and all that sort of thing.Q. Do the slaves like to hear him?A. No.Q. Why not?A. Why they say they know that already. They must work, and there is no help for it.Q. Are the slaves contented?A. They knew they can't get away, and they try to be as happy as they can.Q. Do they ever run away?A. Yes, some of them, when they get flogged too much; but they don't get far.Q. What is done with them when they come back?A. The overseer flogs them and makes them work.Q. Does he ever put irons on them?A. Yes.Q. What sort of irons?A. He puts on the collar.Q. What is that?A. It is an iron that goes round the neck with three prongs sticking out, so that the person cannot lie down.Q. How does he sleep then?A. He sleeps sitting up.Q. Can you name an instance in which this was used on Mr. King's plantation?A. Yes, about five years ago he had a man by the name of Jerry, who ran away for three months, and when he was brought back, the overseer made him wear the collar a month.Q. Did Mr. King know this?A. Yes. He directed the overseer to put it on.Q. What became of Jerry?A. He was sold to the overseer.Q. Where is he now?A. Living with the overseer on his farm. They say he is about as well off as his master.Q. What is the name of this overseer?A. L -----. (From the pronunciation it was impossible to catch the spelling.)Q. How many slaves does he own?A. Three or four.Q. How does the overseer treat these slaves of his?A. Very well. He lets them work a good deal for themselves.Q. But if the slaves get property of their own, can't the master take it away whenever he pleases?A. He is not the kind of man to do that.Q. But how happens it that this Mr. L. is so kind to his own slaves when he was so cruel to those of Mr. King?.A. A man won't do on his own little farm what he will on the plantation of some rich man.(This is worthy of remark. It may help to strike the balance in weighing the cruelty of the overseer against that of the master. The necessity of the system demands severity. Two hundred human beings who have no motive to industry but the LASH, CANNOT be made to toil profitably unless that motive is sternly applied.)Q. Does Mr. King have his slaves instructed— taught to read and write?A. No. He does not allow them to be taught.Q. Why? Does he give any reason?A. No. But I suppose he thinks they would know too much.Q. Do any of them have the Bible?A. No. There are none that can read except some of the house servants who have got their learning by stealing it.Q. Does Mr. King have prayers in his family?A. O yes.Q. Does he require his servants to attend?A. They are allowed to be in, and most of them are.Q. Do they think him sincere in his prayers?A. Some do, and some don't.Q. Is Mr. King a native of Georgia?A. No; he was born at the North, and has a brother living here.Q. How did he come by his slaves?A. They belonged to his wife, who suckled the same breast that I did.  My mother was her nurse.Q. How came you to leave your master?A. He has been at the springs this summer and I drove his carriage. The nettings of the horses were left one day, and he threatened me a hundred lashes when we got home— though it was not my fault. Bye and bye something else was left. I did not wait to be scolded again, but was off. The reason why the things were left was, that Mr. King kept me with him, while he directed the men at the stable to get up the horses, instead of me.Q. Did you ever hear Mr. King say any thing about emancipating his slaves?A. Yes, some time ago, when Mr. King and Mr. Stiles, the Presbyterian minister at Darien, were riding together, they talked it over. Mr. Stiles said that he could not keep his slaves, and he thought of selling them. Mr. King told him that it would be as bad to sell them as to keep them. Mr. Stiles allowed it was so, and spoke of taking them away somewhere and making them free. Mr. King said he did not think it right to set them free and quoted Scripture.Q. Has Mr. Stiles freed his yet?A. I believe not, but it is said that he means to.Q. What do you suppose is the reason he wishes to free his slaves?A. 'Why it is rather a botheration for a man to have slaves and preach too.'Q. Would the slaves be glad to have their liberty on Mr. King's plantation?A. That they would.The precise language of the fugitive has been preserved as far as consistent with the necessary brevity, and the above has been read to him and pronounced by him correct. We shall wait for a reply from Mr. King: if he does not choose to give one, our readers will judge for themselves what American slavery must be in the mass, from this specimen of it as administered by an accredited preacher of the gospel of Jesus— the testimony of this witness passing for what it is worth. masters to tell their own story, and have it believed as the whole truth in the case to hear the other side slave     Q   A   Q   A   Q   A Rev.   Q   A   Q   A one hundred     Q   A   Q   A   Q A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A got vexed with them.   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A     Q   A   Q   A     Q   A   Q   A     Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A.    Q   A   Q women   A   Q   A A Peck of corn a week,   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A must   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A It is an iron that goes round the neck with three prongs sticking out, so that the person cannot lie down.   Q   A He sleeps sitting up.   Q   A   Q   A Yes. He directed the overseer to put it on.   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A A man won't do on his own little farm what he will on the plantation of some rich man.     Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A They belonged to his wife, who suckled the same breast that I did.    Q   A hundred lashes   Q   A   Q   A   Q   A botheration   Q   A     

 ADDRESS TO THE PEOPLE OF the United States, by a Committee of the New-England Anti-Slavery Convention, held in Boston on the 27th, 28th, and 29th of May. $4,00 per hundred— 50 cents per dozen. For sale by B.C. Bacon, 46, Washington-street.      

      'POLITICAL ACTION.' Some excellent men would stand aloof from Anti-Slavery Societies, and particularly would exclude their agents from their pulpits because they fear that the abolition effort will eventually become a political one. This rule is applied, by the editor of the Emancipator, to the colonization project in the following happy manner.“'Nothing political must be admitted into the pulpits.' Very well. The agents of the Colonization Society are freely admitted into the pulpits. But what is the colonization effort, if it be not a political one? The settling of a colony, and the administration of its government, is a political transaction itself, on the face of it. The Board of Managers of the Colonization Society act as legislators, and wield a political government themselves. And the donations solicited from the 'pulpit' enabled them to do this. So, far as the colony is concerned, its government is an union of Church and State:— that is, if there be any foundation for the claims of the establishment as a missionary institution. The President of the Society, James Madison, and other of its leading friends, have recommended an application to Congress in favor of its funds, and even an alteration of the U.S. Constitution to enable Congress to grant the petition. Is there nothing 'political' in this? The state of Virginia has actually legislated in favor of the society, and the society has acted in connection with the legislature, by receiving its funds, and its emigrants; The Maryland Colonization Society claims to be 'little else than the creature of the Maryland Legislature.' The operations of the society and of the state are closely connected parts of the same political system. The support of colonization is constantly urged in the pulpits or POLITICAL grounds.  To 'get rid of the nuisances,' to 'preserve the union,' to prevent 'a black empire in the south'— THERE 'political' objects, forsooth, can be presented in our pulpits, from time to time, without the least complaint of impropriety. But if a word is said about the repeal of oppressive laws, of undoing the heavy burdens of breaking every yoke, of letting the oppressed go free, of ceasing to frame iniquity by a law, and turning away the stranger from his rights— Alas! Alas! the profanation of introducing 'POLITICAL' subjects in the pulpit!” political   The support of colonization is constantly urged in the pulpits or grounds.  stranger from his rights   

        ADDRESSED 'To the Ministers and Elders of the Presbyterian Church in Kentucky,'— $2,00 per hundred. For sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 46, Wash. St.    

          We learn that nearly all the students have taken dismissions from this Theological Seminary, in consequence of the promulgation of the arbitrary enactments of the Board of Trustees. It seems that the Board met early in the present month and adopted the 'Report' of the Executive Committee, thus, of course, making the sentiments not only of the resolutions, but of the Preamble (as obnoxious as any part) their own. Besides this, they passed on 'Order' giving power to the Executive Committee to expel any student from the Seminary 'whenever they shall think it necessary so to do'— thus making expulsion not consequent upon the violation of law— not a legal penalty— but the exercise of arbitrary power, dictated by the caprice of a body of men who have no intercourse with the students. By this order, authority was given to stab in the dark whom they list, without a previous warning, without an assignment of reasons, and utterly without even the form of trial. The mere passage of a resolution by the Executive Committee, therefore, that such a one be expelled, begins and finishes the business. In order to smooth down the law, the Board say, but not official [ ] made for an 'extreme case.'On the 15th [ ] the laws were promulgated. The principal part of the students who were on the ground, immediately waited upon the Faculty, and respectfully asked for regular dismissions from the Seminary. Those who were absent during the vacation, as fast as they returned, did likewise. The proposed laws having been extensively published, some weeks previous, the students, wherever dispersed, had opportunity to read them. Most of them indulged the hope that the Faculty, especially the venerated head of the institution, Dr. Beecher, would be able to arrest these laws, and prevent their being carried into effect. But finding that Prof. Stowe, on his return, had acquiesced in the decision of the Board, that the Trustees bad refused to await the return of President Beecher, and that the laws were formally promulgated, they with one consent almost resolved on retiring from an institution that had enacted such arbitrary and oppressive statutes. Though a large number of them were separated from each other, and were without any knowledge of the course which other members of the Seminary would pursue, each member* of the Anti-Slavery Society had come deliberately to the solemn determination not to surrender a tittle of his principle, but to leave the Seminary— however great the amount of personal sacrifice. And to many the sacrifice is indeed great— nearly or quite out of funds in some cases, considerably in debt in others, forced to borrow, obliged to sacrifice their furniture, there being no students to buy it, and between forty and fifty of them from four to eight hundred miles from their homes. Sixteen students had already arrived to enter the next theological class. Of these eight have refused to enter and will leave. Six have entered, two of them being sons of the President. Besides these, it is known that a large number who were expecting to join the class, have been prevented by the obnoxious laws from going to the Seminary. How many of the students will stay is not yet determined. The theological class last year consisted of forty. Only two of these had entered this term, the fourth day after its commencement. The literary department last year consisted of about sixty. Of these only five had entered. A committee of the students has been appointed to prepare an expose of the whole matter, and present it to the public. It will contain a history of abolition movements in Lane Seminary at length; of the operation of the students in Cincinnati and else where; a statement of reasons for leaving, and an argument upon the right of free discussion, &c. We do not see how the students, under the circumstances, could have conducted otherwise, and sustained their reputation as friends of human rights, and freemen in Christ Jesus. They have acted kindly, deliberately, and respectfully towards the Trustees and the Faculty, but with firmness, independence, and wisdom. We know that their course is approved by abolitionists, and we doubt not they will ever have the approbation of their conscience for this act, and ultimately the judgment of the wise and considerate of all their fellow Christians. May the Lord give them wisdom, discretion, meekness, and the opportunity of extensive usefulness. extreme case.'   principle, forty two sixty five   * One of the members is a member of the Colonization Society. He stays. It is not known that the action of any other member of the Anti-Slavery Society in this matter has not been such as becomes an abolitionist.    

          'What shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?' 'What shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?'       The devil, as the Scriptures show,Tempts sinful mortals high and low;And acting well his various part,Suits every bribe to every heart;See! there the prince of darkness standsWith baits of souls in both his hands.To one he offers empires whole,And gives a sceptre for a soul:To one he freely gives in barter,A peerage, or a star, and garter:To one be pays polite attention,And begs him just to take a pension.Some are so fired with love of fame,He bribes them by an empty name;For fame they toil, they preach, they write,Give alms, build hospitals, or fight;For human praise renounce salvation,And sell their souls for reputation.But the great gift, the mighty bribe,Which Satan pours amid the tribe,Which millions, some with eager haste,And all desire at least to taste—Is— plodding reader— what d' ye think?Alas!— 't is money— money— chink!Round the wide world the tempter flies,Presents to view the glittering prize;See how he hastes from shore to shore,And how the nations all adore;Souls flock by thousands to be sold,Smit with the fond desire of gold.See, at your needy tradesman's shop,The universal tempter stop;'Wouldst thou,' be cries, 'increase thy treasures,Use lighter weights and scantier measures,Thus thou shalt thrive:' the trader's willing,And sells his soul to gain a shilling.Next Satan to a farmer hies,'I scorn to cheat,' the farmer cries:Yet still his soul on wealth is bent,And so the devil is contest;For markets rise, and riches roll,And Satan quite secures his soul.Mark next you cheerful youth so jolly,So fond of laughter and of folly,He bates a stingy griping fellow,But gets each day a little mellow;To Satan, too, he sells his soul,In barter for a flowing bowl.But mark again you lass a spinning,See how the tempter is beginning:Some beau presents a top-knot nice,She grants her virtue as the price;A slave to vanity's control,She, for a ribbon, sells her soul.Thus Satan tries each different state.With mighty bribes he tempts the great;The poor with equal force he plies,But wins them with an humbler prize;Has gentler arts for young beginners,And fouler sins for older sinners.Oft too he cheats our mortal eyes,For Satan father is of lies.A thousand swindling tricks he plays us,And promises, but never pays us;Thus we poor fools are strangely caught,And find we've sold our souls for nought.Nay, oft with quite a juggler's art,He bids the proffer'd gift depart;Sets some gay joy before our face,Then claps a trouble in its place;Turns up some loss for promised gain,And conjures pleasure into pain.Be wise, then, oh! ye worldly tribe,Nor sell your conscience for a bribe;When Satan tempts you to begin,Resist him, and refuse to sin!Bad is the bargain on the whole,To gain the world and lose the soul!                                                                                            

        We learn that Mr. Theodore Weld was aimed at particularly by the 'Order' of the Board of Trustees, giving power to the Executive Committee to expel any student from the Seminary whenever they shall think it necessary so to do.' It is said that as soon as the Executive Committee were clothed with this new and extraordinary power, they called a meeting, and one of them (who was until lately a resident in Georgia) moved that Mr. Weld be expelled from Lane Seminary! The preamble to the resolution stated that he had introduced abolition into the Seminary, had been the moving cause of the incendiary movements, and that the existence of the Seminary would be hazarded by his continuing a member[ ]! This motion was opposed with great firmness by the minority of the Board, and the majority were entreated to suspend action on the case until Dr. Beecher's return. So they adjourned for three days, met again, and again adjourned to the 20th for final action. No breach of law was alleged against Mr. Weld, no disrespect of the faculty, nor any thing calling in question his moral character except the mere motion to expel. After the promulgation of the laws, and the students had determined on asking for dismission, Mr. Weld waited upon the Faculty and informed them that as he stood charged with a high misdemeanor before the highest judicatture to which as a student he was amenable, he should not of course be guilty of such indecorum as to apply for a dismission before the court had taken final action on the case, and thus avoiding expulsion by skulking out under cover of a regular and honorable dismission while the Board had measures in progress which aimed at thrusting him out, branded with disgrace. So he was permitted to remain a member of the Seminary, though excused by the Faculty from its duties and exempted from the action of its laws! Afterwards the Board had a meeting, retreated from their ground, and of course left Mr. Weld without impeachment and in fair and honorable standing. As soon as the result was communicated to him, he applied for and received an honorable dismission.It is already known to our readers that this gentleman has been appointed an agent of the American Anti-Slavery Society, to labor for the present in Ohio. He has, with characteristic disinterestedness, accepted this agency at one half the salary he was offered by another, institution. The high handed measures of the Board of Trustees of Lane Seminary, in depriving that institution of the moral influence exerted by Mr. Weld, will not render him less acceptable to an intelligent community, nor make the Seminary more inviting to young men who aim to qualify themselves to be preachers of the gospel. Young men, throughout the country, will now learn the tenure upon which education is to be obtained at one, and possibly other seminaries; and the affluent, who are not disposed to bow the knee to Baal, will see the necessity of making other channels, through which knowledge and piety can flow without such hindrances as have been attempted at an institution around which have clustered the hopes and prayers of many in various parts of our country. high misdemeanor thrusting     

      The following appropriate lines for the first of August, by JAMES MONTGOMERY, are from a beautiful volume just published in England, entitled 'The Bow in the Cloud; or the Negro's Memorial.' They are imitated from Moore's Sacred Melody, 'Sound the loud Timbrel o'er Egypt's dark Sea.' The Bow in the Cloud; or the Negro's Memorial.      Blow ye the trumpet abroad o'er the sea,Britannia hath triumphed— the Negro is free!Sing, for the pride of the tyrant is broken, His scourges and letters, all clotted with blood,Are wrenched from his grasp; for the word was but spoken, And fetters and scourges were sunk in the flood.Blow ye the trumpet abroad o'er the sea,Britannia has triumphed— the Negro is free!Hail to Britannia, fair Liberty's isle!Her frown quailed the tyrant, the slave caught her smile;Fly on the winds to tell Afric the story; Say to the mother of mourners, 'Rejoice!'Britannia went forth in her beauty, her glory, And slaves sprang to men at the sound of her voice!Praise to the God of our fathers;— 't was HE,Jehovah, that triumphed, my country, by thee.                    

        The Age— Anti-Slavery Convention— Mr. Thompson the Augusta Aristocracy, alias [ ] As to the Convention we have ... say, and that will be only ... expressed last week.... body of men, we have never ... on any occasion who ... intelligence, a better spirit, or ... had less of harshness, or unkindness, in their proceedings than this body,— as their proceedings will abundantly show, and as all candid men who attended their meeting will testify. Let the editor of the Age put his finger on a single sentence advanced by that body, if he can, that will justify him in applying the epithets he has to them. He cannot do it. He may deal in general denunciation, he may continue to misrepresent them, or may still labor in what appears his chosen vocation of raising mobs to silence them, but we opine he will be very cautious how he meets them in fair and candid argument. Let him try that issue if he wishes, and we dare say he will find customers to his heart's content— but so long as he uses mobs for his weapon, he will have the ground to himself,— abolitionists resort to no such arguments.Mr. Thompson, a gentleman from England, who was present and by invitation, has come in for a large share of the abuse and condemnation of the Age and its minions. This distinguished English philanthropist, who has probably done more to bring about the abolition of slavery in the British colonies than any other man living, is now on a visit to this country, to plead in behalf of the oppressed African, in our free land. When he landed in New-York he was obliged to leave his boarding house, because, forsooth, some Southern gentlemen who lodged in the same house could not breathe under the same roof with a man who is distinguished for his affable and gentlemanly bearing, because he believes that negroes are men, and entitled to the treatment of men. This liberality of sentiment on the of part of a few southern gentlemen was sufficient authority for the imitative [ ] the Age, to commence an attack on Mr. Thompson, which appeared in the Age on the first day of the sitting of the Convention. In the evening Mr. Thompson is said to have taken occasion to allude to this article, and also to the article referred to above, relative to slavery in general, in the course of which he exhibited the editor in no very enviable light, and convinced the audience that although a foreigner, he still knew more about our institutions than the writer of that article. This boldness on the part of Mr. Thompson called into action the fire and fury of a certain clan commonly denominated (how justly we know not,) the Augusta aristocracy, but we should think more justly, mobocracy. During the night, the windows of the house of Rev. Mr. Tappan, where Mr. Thompson lodged, were broken in, and in the morning a convention of the offended dignitaries was assembled, and a committee chosen to inform Mr. Thompson that it was the wish of said dignified body that he should leave town forth with, and he was also given to understand that if he attempted to enter the Convention in the afternoon, he would be mobbed. The names of this committee of mobocrats is published in the Age, which however we omit to mention, believing that they will soon themselves be ashamed of the part they took in this foolish and most degrading transaction. The Age says that a force was actually assembled to prevent his attending the Convention. Some of his friends ascertaining what was going on, advised him not to put himself in their way, thereby depriving these insubordinate spirits of the happiness and honor of mobbing a gentleman stranger in the peaceable village of Augusta at noon day!From the turbulence of these riotous disturbers, many members of the Convention supposed that body in danger, and a motion was accordingly made for the Convention to adjourn to this town. But inasmuch as the business of the Convention was nearly finished, and believing that the large and more respectable portion of the people of Augusta did not countenance such conduct, and being unwilling thus to stigmatize the town, they concluded to finish their business there trusting to the good sense of the people of that village to protect them from further outrage.Notice had previously been given that Mr. Thompson would give a lecture on the subject of slavery in this village, on Thursday evening. It was confidently predicted in Augusta, that there would be a row at Hallowell on the occasion. At the appointed hour a very large audience assembled at the Baptist church to hear the lecture, and among the rest a select hand of the Augusta gentry who evidently came prepared for a riot. But they were very coldly received by our citizens, and probably taking counsel of their fears, they remained quiet during the exercises. Mr. Thompson delivered an elegant and highly interesting address, in the course of which he passed high and [ ] encomiums upon our political and civil institutions, and that unrivalled document, the Declaration of Independence. He said that slavery was the only blot on the fair character of our nation, a blot which showed more prominent in consequence of our declarations of the equality and the inalienable rights of man. He depicted the horrors of slavery when it existed even in its mildest form, and showed from facts and arguments, that immediate emancipation was not only practicable, but the safest, best and easiest mode of ridding ourselves of this evil. His manner was conciliatory and courteous— such as to disarm even prejudice of its hate towards him and his cause, and we believe his audience separated highly gratified with the performance, and would gladly spend another evening in listening to his eloquence on the same thrilling subject.In conclusion, we have only to add, that if any thing we may have said in these remarks, which may reflect with severity on the citizens of Augusta, we do not intend to include the sober, the discreet, the large majority of the citizens of that respectable town. We have occasion to know that by a very large proportion of the people of that village, these disgraceful proceedings were pointedly condemned and deeply regretted. It was only to a few hairbrained individuals that these disorders are to be attributed. The people of Augusta have enough of liberality of feeling not to attack and insult strangers who visit their town for the prosecution of business, even though they may not agree with them in principle. We have also one word more, for those who may wish to visit our village for the purpose of making disturbance. It is this. We can raise our own mobs and riots full as often as we have occasion for them, without the assistance of other people. We therefore wish our neighbors to stay at home and not offer us any assistance in this line until they are called for, as it is much more pleasant having this business done, if done it must be, by our own citizens. We also think we can determine when a stranger ought to be mobbed without the advice of our neighbors. The Age— Anti-Slavery Convention— Mr. Thompson the Augusta Aristocracy, alias   free  gentlemen liberality gentlemen          

        WOMAN! dear Woman, God hath granted theeTranscendant power, thou star-like mystery,That ruleth over man— we know not why—Like the sweet influence of a summer sky;Thou crowned abstraction even from thy birth,To whom the giant-spirits of our earthLove to pay homage like idolatry;At whose approach the freest of the free,The wisest, boldest, and the best throw downAs 't were with joy, the sceptre and the crownFor chains and fetters. Woman! what art thou,That Man should vail to thee the awful browThat swayeth empires? Proud one! why should theyWhose feet are on the [ ] for aye,In overmastering strength [ ] with fearAt thy approach, and feel [ ] thou art near?Falter and shiver at thy voice, or kneel,Harnessed and panoplied with joints of steel,Before thy path?                feel       It is the Deity,   Mother of Nations! that's at work in thee,Germ of the future! Teacher of the wise!Bright shadow of another world— the skiesHave nought more wonderful than thou above,Nor aught more worthy our exceeding love,Than all that bear thy image still would be,If they but saw aright their glorious destiny.         

        The London Baptist Magazine contains a sketch of the highly interesting proceedings of a recent annual meeting of the Baptist Missionary Association in England, from which we copy the following remarks of Messrs. Burchell and Knibb, whose names and sufferings in the cause of truth and humanity are widely known in this country:The Rev. T. Burchell seconded the motion. He said that the society had been in operation in the West Indies 20 years, eleven of which he had been engaged there. His course, and that of his brethren, had been checked by the boisterous elements of slavery. Their characters had been assailed, and they had been imprisoned and persecuted, but yet possessed a conscience void of offence towards God and man. They thanked God that they had been permitted to labor in the land of the negroes' bondage, and counted the day they landed on its shores as one of the happiest of their lives, and esteemed it no small honor to be accounted worthy to suffer for the cause of Christ. They did net expect a life of [ ] and pleasure, recollecting the declaration of Christ to his disciples 'Behold, I send you forth as sheep among wolves;” and trusting in the promises of a faithful God, they found that not one good thing had failed them. The amount of success however far out-weighed the amount of toil and suffering. There were now 24 churches in Jamaica, and the conduct of the negroes belonging to them, during the late disturbances, gave a testimony to the purity of their faith; for he never heard one of them throughout the whole use a harsh expression respecting their persecutors. Whenever they spoke of them, they did so in terms of compassion and pity, and they prayed heartily for the forgiveness of those who were hunting them to death. Their sympathy for their ministers were so intense that they quite forgot themselves. During his incarceration he was allowed to walk for an hour each day in the prison-yard for air, under the restriction that he should not speak to any of the imprisoned negroes. A man 70 years of age, one of the eleven that formed the first church at Montego Bay in the year 1824, called to him from the grating of his cell, but remembering the restriction, he took no notice, and this was continued for three days. On the fourth day he was determined at all risks to speak to this old disciple, and he proceeded to the cell, but he was not there. He called him, he heard the clanking of his chains, and in an instant he came to the grating, and with tears in his eyes said, “Minister, what make me feel is to see minister in trouble; me can bear it myself; me willing to suffer what God see fit; but when me see my minister, him leave father and mother and him country to come teach me, it be more than me can bear. Never mind, massa, bear up, keep good heart, you know me. Saviour suffer more than we suffer.” He little expected such an interview, but on the contrary, that the poor man would apply to him for a word of consolation. On his liberation they crowded around him, and his feelings were overpowered with their sympathy. They said in reference to their persecutors, “We know they wicked, but we must pray for them.” Did not this remind them of the prayer of the Saviour for his murderers? A black cloud indeed then hung over the church; but though christians were alarmed, the church was safe, for it was founded on a rock, and the gates of hell could not prevail against it. Slavery raised the arm of persecution against Christianity, but when it demolished the temples of the living God, it inflicted on itself a mortal would; and though for months that monster writhed in anguish, it now laid powerless, and in a few days it would give up the ghost. Yet the triumph was not complete, their joy was far from being unmingled; for where was the sanctuary of the living God? They had been burnt with fire, and levelled to the ground; and their ashes were now trodden under foot by the adversary. Thirteen of them were in ruins, and nearly 20,000 negroes were deprived of a place in which to meet and worship God. Should this desolation be allowed to continue? Were those churches to be scattered abroad for want of a place of rest? Should those thousands, the gathering of whom consumed so much time, labor, expense, and life, be suffered to remain disconsolate, as sheep having no shepherd? Were they to be left at the mercy of those who hated the religion of Jesus Christ? Surely not. Where then were they to look for help? Were he and his brethren to be told to go back to their congregations? They wanted to go back but it was in vain to look to them, for they had lost their little all; and while their masters were to be compensated liberally for letting them go, they were to have no compensation for all the misery, spoliation, persecution they had endured. Was it said, Look to the government? Government had promised to do something, but they expected more to be done. There was but one last resource, and if they failed there, there was no help, and their prosperous and interesting missions would be blasted, and that too in the very vigor of their days. Their last appeal was to the British Christian public, and never had that been applied to in vain in any cause worthy of its support. That public must determine whether they should go forward or give up the cause. He appealed to them in behalf of thirteen scattered churches, comprising 5,000 members and 10,000 inquirers, and in behalf of thousands of perishing negroes. The 1st of August was approaching. Let not then the shouts of the liberated negroes be mingled with the lamentations of 20,000 of their number over the ruins of their chapels. Let not the joyful train of the conqueror be brought up by thousands in the rear refusing to be comforted for Zion lying waste. Let the approaching day of jubilee be one of holy festivity and unruffled joy; not it tear be shed, nor a sigh be heard; and let the chain, the whip, and the whole paraphernalia of bondage be burnt with fire, while angels renew the song “Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will to men,” and we join in singing “Unto the Lord who hath triumphed, gloriously, sing, Thy right hand, O Lord is become glorious in power: thy right hand, O Lord, hath dashed in pieces the enemy. Who is like thee, O Lord, among the gods? Who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?”The Resolution was then unanimously adopted.The Secretary read a letter from T. Buxton, Esq., expressing his admiration of the conduct of the missionaries in the cause of negro emancipation, and enclosing a cheque for £20. Some other donations were also announced.The Rev. W. Knibb proposed the next Resolution:That government having consented to recommend to Parliament a sum of L 551, to meet existing liabilities on Chapels and other property belonging to this Society, destroyed in Jamaica; and confident hope being entertained that if this Society will raise £6195, being one half the remaining amount of damages incurred in consequence of the outrages incurred in that Island, his Majesty's Ministers will also recommend to Parliament to grant an equal sum; this meeting deems it most important to make an immediate appeal to the friends of religion to realize the desired amount, and thereby reinstate the negro population in the possession of the religious privileges which they so justly prize, and also lay the foundation for more vigorous and extensive operation.He was confident that at this particular juncture, the society would gather round it the sympathies of the different sections of the christian church, and he trusted that no one present would be satisfied, unless he promised at least one brick towards those chapels which were to be erected as the monument of the triumph of liberty. He had been trying at other places, to awaken the spirit of benevolence, and though he was late in this field, he succeeded pretty well, and he now came to try how he could succeed here. Some years ago, an old negro came to him a distance of forty-five miles, for a Bible but, understanding the old man could not read, he said the book would be of no more use to him than a bit of wood. The negro replied, “Massa, me tink you wrong for once; suppose me have a friend that can't read, which be most use a Bible, or a bit of wood?” He admitted the force of the argument, and gave him a Bible, but told him that if ever he could afford it, be must pay for it, while he felt thankful that had a copy of the Scriptures to give him; and he now blessed God for the Bible Society which had determined upon presenting every negro with a New Testament and a copy of the Psalms on the day of Jubilee. The same negro returned in a few months, bringing six shillings. He was asked how he procured the money? The old man replied, Massa we make a proscription on the estate. Now if the meeting would prescribe for after the same manner...               

        In every clime, from Lapland to Japan,This truth's confessed— that man's worst fee is man.The revening tribes that crowd the sultry zone,Prey on all kinds and colors but their own.Lion with lion herds, and pard with pard.Instinct's first law their covenant and guard.But man alone, the lord of every clime,Whose port is godlike, and whose power sublime,Man, at whose birth the Almighty hand stood still,Pleased with the last great effort of his will;—Man, man alone, no tenant of the wood,Preys on his kind, and laps his brother's blood;His fellows leads where hidden pitfalls lie,And drinks, with ecstacy, his dying sigh.                

        The following resolutions were adopted by the Fairfield Baptist Association, on the 18th ult. at Essex:1. Resolved, That both the letter and the spirit of the gospel are against extortion, tyranny, violence, and all manner of such violence as characterizes American Slavery.2. That as men and as christians, we are required by the great law of love, to do our utmost in the use of all means in accordance with the spirit of the gospel, for the speedy removal of that unrighteous system.3. That American slavery is a flagrant sin, not only against philanthropy and christianity, but against the cause of universal freedom; therefore as Americans— also as lovers of justice and equal rights— as keepers of the ark of Liberty, we owe it everlasting opposition.4. That in the same degree that slavery is national, the sin of it is national,— that, as in our nation public opinion is law, every man's influence goes for or against this system— therefore as individuals we have work to do for repentance and reformation.5. That while any part of the church is polluted with the iniquitous abomination and stained with the blood of God's poor, all the connexion is contaminated, and accountable,— therefore we have a difficulty in point of church fellowship, with those who voluntarily hold their innocent fellow beings in involuntary bondage as property.6. That the power of that gospel which is liberty to the captive, and the opening of the prison doors to them that are bound, is peculiarly adapted to the breaking of servile chains.7. That in this view of the subject great responsibility rests upon the church, but especially upon ministers of the gospel, whose duty it is to pr[ ]ach the whole counsel of God, and show the people their transgressions.   Resolved,                 JOHN IDE, Moderator. Moderator.   ALBERT STONE, Clerk.The opposition to the resolutions was trifling. After they had been adopted by the association, with scarcely if one dissenting vote, the sense of the multitude of spectators, with whom the house was literally crowed, was called for, and they as unanimously as the association, rose in favor of the resolutions.  Clerk.     

          From the Discourse of Mr. Gardiner before the Phi Beta Kappa Society.Do you ask, what has America done for science? Where are the monuments of her skill? Look abroad over her vast continent; consider the magnitude of her growth in this little point of time; her feebleness, her poverty, her destitution of internal resources but fifty years ago, and now her wealth and strength, her commerce, her manufactures, her agricultural product, her cities, her mines, her roads, her canals, her rivers and lakes covered with steamboats, the ocean with her ships, and reflect how much of science is involved in the contrivance and conduct of this vast and complicated machinery, and much of this unexampled exhibition of national prosperity is the direct consequence of mechanical ingenuity and the skilful application of physical philosophy to the business of life. Ask what America has done! Why, passing by all minor matters, the successful application of steam to locomotion, begun in America, here perfected for the purposes of navigation, extended in England recently to movements upon land, is the single great invention of the age, likely to produce a change as momentous in the relations of human affairs, as the invention of gunpowder or the mariner's compass. A whole continent traversed by men and merchandize in less time than it took in the days of Pericles to communicate between Athens and Sparta, or in the time of Elizabeth to send a courtier from London to Edinburgh! It is in effect as if all the wealth, power, and population, spread over this immense territory, were drawn into the narrow compass of the Grecian Peloponesus, or the little island of England, or the spot called Massachusetts. Whither then are fled the imagined difficulties and dangers of governing a wide-spread republic? Extent of territory ceases to be weakness. Magnitude is no longer unwieldly. Distance is scarcely separation. For, in relation to the extent of empire, the true inquiry should be not how many miles, but how many hours is it from place to place;— and, if we would form some adequate idea of the amazing progress of this cementing and consolidating principle, facility of intercourse, take a single fact for illustration. At the commencement of our revolution, Washington moved to the command of the American armies, from Philadelphia to the very place where we are now assembled, with all the expedition which the means of the country could afford for himself and his train, and with no unusual cause of delay beyond a few hours of necessary retardation on the road in briefly declining the proffered civilities of places through which he passed, and he reached this point of his destination on the twelfth day from his departure;— the twelfth day! Even his despatches to Congress by single messengers, resting neither day nor night, were five or six days traversing this route;— and the same journey would now have been accomplished by the aid of the American steamboat, moving without intermission and without fatigue, in less than thirty hours;— and this time, short as it is, seems not unlikely to be reduced one half, when the British application of the locomotive power shall have been extended by rail roads over the whole route. What an union and concentration is this of the scattered energies of a vast republic.      

        At a meeting of the Concord Anti-Slavery Society, Sept. 30th, 1834, the following resolution was passed.'Resolved. That the Rev. Edmund Worth, Thomas Chadbourne, M.D., Rev. George Storrs, John Farmer, Rev. Moses G. Thomas, Rev. Ebenezer E. Cummings, and Albe Cady, Esq. be a Committee to correspond with the several Anti-Slavery Societies in this State, and with the friends of abolition generally, on the expediency of calling a Deliberative Convention, to afford opportunity for mutual interchange of views and feelings in relation to the great objects of our Association, and to adopt such measures for co-operating with the friends of civil liberty and equal rights throughout the country as may be judged best calculated to effect these objects; and that said Committee be authorised to call said Convention as such time and place as they may deem expedient.'In conformity with this resolution, the undersigned invite the Anti-Slavery Societies in New-Hampshire by their Delegates, and all other persons who believe that holding our fellow men in bondage is a sin that should be IMMEDIATELY ABANDONED, to meet in Convention at Concord, Tuesday, November 11, 1834, for the general purposes expressed in the foregoing resolve, and to unite in fervent prayer to Almighty God to bless our efforts for the speedy abolition of Slavery throughout our land. And as we expect to effect our object only by moral means,— by the exhibition of truth to the understanding, we would not shun investigation, and are willing our opinions and principles should be examined; we therefore cordially invite ALL who feel an interest in the great subject of American Slavery, to meet with us and participate in the discussions.Delegates and members of Anti-Slavery Societies will meet at the Town Hall, at 9 o'clock, for the transaction of business. The public exercises of the Convention will commence with a sermon at the Rev. Mr. Bouton's meeting house, at half past ten.     that holding our fellow men in bondage is a sin that should be      EDMUND WORTH,THOMAS CHADBOURNE,GEORGE STORRS,JOHN FARMER,MOSES G. THOMAS,EBENEZER E. CUMMINGS,ALBE CADY.         The following gentlemen having duly considered the subject of the Convention, as recommended by the Concord Anti-Slavery Society, cordially unite with the Committee in the above invitation.     REV. DAVID STOWELL,REV. JOHN M. WHITON,REV. E.R. BRADFORD,REV. AUSTIN RICHARDS,REV. CALVIN CUTLER,REV. J.M. PUTNAM,REV. WALTER HARRIS, D.D.REV. RUFUS PUTNAM,REV. JARED PERKINS,REV. ABEL MANNING,REV. DAVID ROOT,REV. JONATHAN CURTISS.                

      Wonderful Escape.— We have been furnished with the following particulars of an escape from drowning by a friend in Cotuit, south part of this town:About the 10th ult. Capt. Nathan Coleman left Hartford, Ct., with his family, consisting of his wife and 3 daughters, for home in the vessel he commanded. The eldest were permitted to sit in the boat, the wind light, which was veered some distance behind the vessel. After sailing in this situation some time, they desired to take a little child, belonging to a passenger with them. The boat was drawn alongside of the vessel for the purpose of complying with their wishes. The youngest stepped on the thwart, with intention of receiving the child. The boat suddenly changed her position, which broke her balance, and she was precipitated into the water, head foremost. Her father did not notice what was doing until his attention was arrested by the noise of the fall. Without removing any of his apparel, he leaped into the water to rescue her. Although a good swimmer, he found it difficult to keep above water, but the danger of his daughter made him forget, himself, and on her first coming to the top he sought her and swam for the boat. The girl finding herself in this situation, seized her father around the neck, which drew his head under, and after a short struggle they both sank together. The consciousness of the father, at this time, was beyond the power of language to convey. He must leave his child, or both perish. His efforts to rise with her, he says, were in vain. He struggled and thrust the child from him, and reached the surface of the water almost lifeless. After inhaling fresh air, he found himself some distance from the boat, but by his and the efforts of the daughter in the boat, he succeeded in getting to it. On casting his eyes to the spot where he had left the object of his anxiety, he saw her hand above water, moving in a slow and dying motion. Unwilling to relinquish his hopes, he propelled the boat towards her, with all his remaining strength, but before he arrived to where she was seen, she had disappeared from the top, but was discovered by her white dress, beyond his reach beneath. With no hope of saving her, he plunged the oar into the water as far as he was able, and soon found that something was attached to it. He raised it gently, with mingled feelings of hope and fear, and to his surprise and joy his child had grasped it with both hands, and she was taken once more with life quite extinct, into the boat. After some time had elapsed, she showed signs of returning animation, and was again restored to the arms of her friends, alive. During the time he was in the water, the cries of the mother were loud and distressing, 'Lord save them!' But her mournings were soon turned to praise.Capt. C. says that it is extremely dangerous to grapple with a drowning person without assistance. Their grasp is not easily disengaged. There can be no doubt that she would never have risen again with life, as her head had been beneath the water ten minutes.— Barnstable Jour. Wonderful Escape.   quite   Barnstable Jour.   

      Two Slaves, named Alonzo and Carpenter, the former the property of Mr. Fields, and the latter the property of Mr. Knox, perished by exposure to the weather in an open fishing boat, on the 20th inst.— Balt. Patriot. property property Balt. Patriot.   

      Don Pedro's health was very bad; said to be owing to dropsy in the legs. The Cortes have given Don Pedro the disposal of his daughter in marriage. The Duke of Leuchtenberg, brother to the Empress, (Don Pedro's wife by his second marriage) is confidently spoken of as the intended husband of H.M.F. Majesty.MORE MOBS. Philadelphia has again been convulsed by a mob more bloody, if not as disgraceful, as the late brutish attack and extirpation of the unoffending colored people. It was connected with the recent election. It will he recollected that the assassination of a young man was also there perpetrated, while exercising the rights of a freeman at the polls, during the primary election, a short time since.These riots are evidently part and parcel of one grand system of mobs, which commenced in the city of New-York, by attacking the dwellings of Dr. Cox, Mr. Tappan and other philanthropists, engaged in the abolition of slavery; and have been repeated in New-York, in Charlestown, Ms. in Boston, in Canterbury and other places in Connecticut, and in Philadelphia. They were at first encouraged and set on by the masonic newspapers in New-York, the Courier and Inquirer and Commercial Advertiser, and approved of by several of the leading papers of the same class in Boston, all of which reproached the New York mob for not going further and applying 'a coat of tar and feathers' to the distinguished philanthropists before mentioned, who had been guilty of no breach of the law or impropriety, and had merely attempted to exercise the right guaranteed to all freemen, that of peaceably assembling and freely expressing their opinions. These newspapers also recommended to the Grand Jury of New-York to indict these philanthropists as criminals, because they were anti-slavery men!Who now is safe? What has become of law and order in our great cities? Who can express his mind freely, or act independently? None. Law and order have given place to riot and confusion. Men, women and innocent children are persecuted and put to open slaughter, because of the color of their skins! They are allowed no resting place.— Lynn Record.     indict   Lynn Record.   

         REMOVAL.    The office of the Liberator is removed from Merchants' Hall to No. 31, Cornhill, 3d story, over the Bookstore of Mr. Benjamin B. Muzzey. The office of the Liberator is removed from Merchants' Hall to No.   Cornhill,  d story, over the Bookstore of Mr. Benjamin B. Muzzey.   

      MORAL COURAGE. Moral independence is glorious. It is always hailed as one of the greatest principles of the mind, and ranks the possessor above the timid lordlings of the hour.It is truly the fairest flower in the garden of mankind, and whether blooming in the retirement of poverty, or in the noon day splendor of affluence, it is to be greatly desired and sought after.A few weeks since, a Baptist Minister in one of the sea port towns in Massachusetts, when the annual association of Ministers was in session in his Church, made use of the occasion for promulgation of certain sentiments, which although considered as abstractly correct by all, are popular among a few only. No sooner did he unbosom his thoughts, than the luke warm professors of the faith were alarmed, and tried to silence the head of their flock. But note the end. The pastor, refusing to listen to such counsellors, resolutely declared, that he would utter his thoughts, if he never again was allowed to enter that pulpit— such a fixed and immoveable determination excluded the idea of submission on his part. He foiled the attempts that were made to overawe him an effectually secured for himself the character of a bold, fearless and independent man.— Pawtucket Chronicle.     Pawtucket Chronicle.   

        Mr. THOMPSON, at our request, has kindly furnished us with the following sketch of his eastern tour. The manner in which he has been received by the people of our sister State is truly honorable to them, and gratifying to us. Applications for lectures from Mr. THOMPSON are pouring in from every quarter. He has been invited to attend the State Anti-Slavery Convention which is to be held at Concord, N.H. on the 11th instant, and will accept of the invitation.   

      THE LOVELINESS OF WOMEN. It is not the smiles of a pretty face, nor the tint of thy complexion, nor the beauty and symmetry of thy person, nor yet the costly robes and decorations that compose thy artificial beauty; no, nor that enchanting glance, which thou dartest with such lustre on the man thou deemest worthy of thy affection. It is thy pleasing deportment— thy chaste conversation— thy sensibility and purity of thought— thy affable and open disposition— sympathising with those in adversity— comforting the afflicted— relieving the distressed— and, above all, that humility of soul, that unfeigned and perfect regard for the respect of Christianity. These virtues constitute thy loveliness. Adorned with but those of nature and simplicity, they will shine like the refulgent sun, and display to man that the loveliness of thy person is not to be found in the tinsel ornaments of thy body, but in the reflection of the rectitude and serenity of a well spent life, that soars above the transient vanities of this world. And when thy days are ended here upon earth, thy happy spirits shall be wafted to the regions of eternal bliss.    

        MY DEAR GARRISON,It is now more than a fortnight since I parted with you in Boston, on my way to the Anti-Slavery Convention at Augusta. The time has rolled rapidly away. Each day has brought with it duties and occupations, which have either absorbed the mind in the study and discussion of the 'great question,' or engaged the feelings of the heart in communion with those who are nobly seeking the welfare of the oppressed. Besides the claims exerted by kind friends and solemn duties upon the heart and head, the eye has been continually arrested by some new object. Wherever I have travelled, by land or by water, I have been constantly reminded that I am in New and not Old England. The size, beauty, construction, and management of your unrivalled steam vessels;— the splendid autumnal tints of your forest foilage;— the appearance of your cities and towns, as they are seen from the deck of one of your floating palaces, as she proudly approaches the port, 'walking the waters like a thing of life';— your stage coaches and tavern accommodations;— your hedgeless fields, covered with antediluvian fragments, or the stumps of hundreds of demolished trees, or plentiful crops of Indian corn and pumpkins;— the garbs and vehicles of your happy, enterprising and independent Yankee farmers;— your beautiful Meeting-Houses, every where visible, their modest spires directing the mind of the thoughtful traveller upward to nature's God;— all these are novel and striking scenes, calculated to interest most deeply every intelligent stranger. In my mind they have awakened new and strong emotions. Nor have I been less effected by the more romantic portions of the scenes I have witnessed. Every thing is full of thrilling association and historical interest. Already, in imagination, I have lived a thousand years upon your soil. I have roamed the banks of the Kennebec and the Penobscot with the Indian hunter;— I have plunged with him into your pathless woods,   New Old        have mingled with the untutored worshippers of the 'Great Spirit;'— have listened to the eloquence of barbarian sages, and witnessed the deeds and death of generations, whose kindlier fate it was to 'have their being' ere science guided the white man to these shores, and the hand of an insatiate dominion commenced the guilty work of conquest, robbery, and extermination. I have passed downwards through the bloody period of your political regeneration, and have caught a spark of genuine patriotism from off the purest altar on which its hallowed fire was ever seen to glow— the heart of Washington. I have lived through ages yet to come. I have seen this people rise like Nineveh of old; and proclaim a fast, and put on sackcloth and ashes from the greatest even to the least; and cry mightily to God, and turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in his hands.' I have heard the omnipotent voice of Justice thundering in the Capitol, and echoing from the halls of Legislation in the South. I have seen exulting millions trample in the dust the galling chain of an execrated tyranny, and with uplifted hands invoke the blessing of God upon a nation, that had at last broken 'every yoke' and set 'the oppressed free.' But I will forbear to describe further the visions I have had of the past and the future, and return to speak of recent efforts in which I have been honored to join— efforts to bring near the day of redemption which in fancy I have already realized.Sunday, Oct. 12. I spent this day in Portland. In the morning, I accompanied Gen. Fessenden to the meeting-house of the 3rd Parish, and heard a very excellent sermon preached by the Rev. Mr. Dwight. In the afternoon, I enjoyed the privilege of addressing a congregation of colored persons in the Abyssinian church. This was the first time I had ever worshipped in a place, exclusively appropriated to colored persons; nor had I ever, on any occasion, seen so many assembled together. I analyzed my mind with some anxiety, to discern if, in these entirely new circumstances, any feelings of prejudice or dislike were called forth. I can with truth declare, that I experienced none. The attention paid to the services was apparently deep. The deportment of all decent and devout. The singing good; and the whole appearance of the audience that of intelligence and respectability. In the evening, I lectured in the 1st Christian Church. The audience numbered upwards of 1200. I was heard with the greatest patience and attention for upwards of two hours.Monday, 13. Proceeded with Mr. Phelps to Brunswick, and in the evening lectured in the Rev. Mr. Titcomb's church to a numerous and respectable auditory. The Students from Bowdoin College were all present.Tuesday, 14. Left Brunswick, and reached Hallowell about 6 o'clock.Wednesday, 15. Went to Augusts, the Capital of this State. At 11, the Anti-Slavery Convention assembled. I was introduced by a very kind and flattering speech from General Fessenden; and on his motion, was elected a corresponding member of the Convention. In the evening, I delivered a somewhat long address. Was very hospitably entertained by the Rev. B. Tappan. Some remarks of mine, during the speech referred to, gave offence to a certain party in the town; and the first manifestation of their displeasure, was to visit the house of my host, about 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning, and broke nine or ten squares of glass.Thursday, 16. Attended the morning meeting of the Convention. A little before one, was called out of the Convention by Mr. Tappan, and informed that five gentlemen were in an anti-room waiting to see me. On being introduced to them, they said that they came from a meeting of citizens, that morning held, to inform me, that my speech of the previous night had given great offence— that I was regarded as a foreign emissary, an officious intermeddler, &c. &c.— and that, therefore, I should not be permitted to attend the afternoon sitting of the Convention, but must leave the town immediately. I returned a calm and respectful answer,' declining, however, to say whether I should comply with the 'Notice to quit.' At dinner, I consulted with some friends, and it was finally arranged that I should abide at Mr. Tappan's until the remaining business of the Convention was transacted, and then retire to Hallowell, the neighboring town, and lecture there in the evening. During the afternoon sitting, the Convention passed a resolution, unanimously welcoming me to this country, and recommending me to the confidence and hospitable attention of the Christian community. At five, I bid farewell to Augusta. At seven, I lectured in the Baptist Church, Hallowell, to a very numerous and attentive auditory. A number of my opponents from Augusts were present. The people of Hallowell, however, had determined that no 'foreign interference' should prevent them from hearing my address....Friday, 17. At 10 o'clock...of Salem, Mr. Bacon, and myself started for Waterville. On arriving at the College, we were very warmly greeted by Professor Newton. In the evening, I lectured in the Baptist Church to a very large auditory, including all the students from the College. The utmost attention was paid to my address which lasted two hours.Saturday, 18. Saw a number of the Students. Received a letter and some verses, expressive of the feelings of all the Students towards me, and wishing me 'God speed' in my labors in this land. The Secretary of the Anti-Slavery Society in the College, writing to Mr. Phelps, says— 'Mr. Thompson had a large congregation last evening, and our Students enthusiastically admire him.  His coming here brought over ALL that remained in the College at least.' General Fessenden of this place, who was at Waterville with me, and has two sons in the College, told me last night, that after my lecture, six Students, who had previously opposed the Abolitionists, requested permission to sign the Constitution of the Anti-Slavery Society, and become promoters of the cause they had hitherto withstood. Thirty-nine of the Students became monthly subscribers of 12 1-2 cents to the funds of the American Anti-Slavery Society, making a total of about 59 dollars a year.Monday, 20. Brunswick. In the morning, at 12, Mr. Phelps and [ ] upwards of 70 Students in the [ ] Chapel, and had a familiar conversation respecting various disputed points— The students proposed questions, and we answered them. In the afternoon, at two, we held a small meeting at the Conference Room, in the village, where we had a very interesting conversation with a select company. In the evening, at seven, I lectured in the Baptist Church to a full house.Tuesday, 21. In the morning at 8, we met upwards of one hundred Students in the College Chapel, and had a second friendly discussion of various points connected with the question. They seemed exceedingly sorry that we were obliged to depart in the course of that day. At one o'clock, we left for Portland.Wednesday, 22. Held a meeting in the evening in the Friends' meeting-house. The place was crowded. Speeches were made by the Rev. Mr. Adams of Brunswick, Mr. Phelps, Mr. Grosvenor of Salem, and myself. There is reason to believe, that some were converted, and many others half won over.Thursday, 23. In the afternoon, at 3, about 120 ladies assembled in the Friends' meeting-house, and were addressed by the gentlemen named above. The ladies agreed to meet again on Saturday afternoon. I have no doubt that a flourishing Society will be established among the ladies of this city. In the evening, at seven, I met the Committees of the two male Anti-Slavery Societies in this place. Mr. Phelps and myself were earnestly requested to prolong our visit, and hold meetings as often as possible. Mr. Phelps agreeing to stay as long as I would, and feeling a conviction that we might be useful, I consented to delay my departure for a few days.Friday, 24. In the evening, Mr. Phelps and myself held a meeting in the meeting-house of the 3d Parish, and delivered addresses. The audience was very numerous, respectable and attentive.Saturday, 25. In the afternoon, at 3 o'clock, we had a large audience of ladies in the above church. Long addresses were delivered by Mr. Phelps and myself.Sunday, 26. In the evening at 7, lectured in the Second Christian Church. Although the weather was most inclement, the Church was well filled.Monday, 27. Met the colored people in the Abyssinian Church. Prayers were offered by the Rev. Messrs. Coe and Blackman, also by the Rev. Mr. Munro, colored ministers. Mr. Phelps and myself gave addresses. The attendance was exceedingly good. We pointed out to our colored brethren the great necessity of their exhibiting a pure and blameless conduct, both for their own sake and for the good of the cause of emancipation which might be materially advanced or retarded according to the impression made upon the public mind by their public and private demeanor.You have now before you a very brief notice of my proceedings during the last sixteen days. These days have to me been full of interest and instruction. Proofs are every where abundant, that the cause of Truth is spreading mightily. It must I think greatly cheer you, my dear brother, to see the principles, which a few years ago you advocated almost alone, and in the face of danger, persecution, and poverty, thus going forth in their omnipotence— promising soon to pervade the whole land and pull down the strong holds of robbery and oppression. Let us go onward. God is with us. While principle is our guide, no weapon formed against us will prosper. Let us beware of 'expediency.' It is the harlot on whose knees too many good and great men sleep and are shorn of their strength.That you may soon see the desire of your heart in the redemption of your beloved country from the twin abominations of Prejudice and Slavery, is the prayer of,    Sunday, Oct.   Monday,   Tuesday,   Wednesday,    Thursday, five gentlemen immediately foreign interference'   Friday, all   Saturday,  Mr. Thompson had a large congregation last evening, and our Students enthusiastically admire him  His coming here brought over that remained in the College at least.   Monday Brunswick   Tuesday,   Wednesday,   Thursday,   Friday,    Saturday,   Sunday,   Monday,    principle expediency   Prejudice Slavery,    Yours, affectionately,      GEO. THOMPSON.     

      CURIOUS INVENTION. An ingenious artist has invented a machine for engraving, which will execute a facsimile of any copy which is given it. Its copies of medals are in the highest degree of perfection. The work is at least as well done as it is possible to be done by hand, and at less than a tenth of the expense. Give the machine a bank note plate, and it will copy it on steel with more accuracy than the most ingenious engraver. The contrivance promises to be of great utility. It has now been some months at work night and day, so that its complete success is no longer doubtful.— Journal of Commerce. Journal of Commerce.   

        From this exceedingly well written and dignified Report, we make the following extract for the consideration of the enemies of immediate emancipation:We contend that man can have no rightful property in man. From this great principle, we draw the conclusion that every slave has an immediate right to his freedom. Since he has this right, it becomes the duty of every master at once to emancipate all his slaves, and of all legislator make all bondmen within their jurisdiction free.To this doctrine of immediate emancipation, many objections have been urged. It is said that though the slaves have a right to be free, yet still their masters have a valuable property in them, of which it would be cruel to deprive them. This objection is inconsistent enough. For if the slaves have a right to freedom, their masters can have no right to deprive them of it. But the right of slaves to be free is so plain, that very few, except slaveholders, ever think of blaming a slave for running away when he has an opportunity. And a person who should reproach a slave for his wickedness in running away, supposing the slave beyond the reach of his master's power, would only be laughed at.But it is urged that it would be dangerous in the extreme to let loose two millions of ignorant and degraded men to prey upon society; that they are incapable of enjoying freedom, and require to be kept under guardianship like children and idiots.The objection deserves to be examined a little in detail. It evidently concedes that the slave is entitled to all the privileges of a freeman, which he can enjoy consistently with the safety of society and his own good. Does he then enjoy all these privileges? Is he only restrained with a view to the safety of society and his own good?Does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, require that families should be separated in sales, parents torn from children, and wives from husbands? No, certainly not. No one will pretend that thus to rend asunder the sacred ties of blood and affection, can render society more secure, or the slaves more happy. On the contrary, is it not evident that these cruel separations are tolerated solely from regard to the interests of slave-owners? Is it not manifest that by violating the family relations of the slave, you take away one of the strongest pledges of his obedience?Does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, require that it should be lawful for them to be sent by compulsion from one part of the country to another? Will it be pretended that you have promoted the earthly comfort of the slave, by tearing him from the home of his love in Maryland, and sending him to perish in the cultivation of the cane on the pestilential banks of the Mississippi? Can it be said that the safety of society is promoted by such a measure, when it is notorious that these transported slaves excite the greatest apprehension in their new abodes, by their violence, plots, and insurrections? No. The internal slave-trade in this country, which, in its principles, is as nefarious, and in its practice nearly as atrocious, as the African slave-trade, is tolerated solely because it promotes the pecuniary interests of the masters of slaves in Virginia and the other slave States.Does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, require that they should be bought and sold at all? No, certainly not. It may be for the pecuniary interest of the slaveholder to be able to sell his slaves. But the slaves themselves would evidently be more quiet and contented, supposing them still to continue to labor without wages, if they could be transferred only with the estates to which they belong, and could not be compelled to labor anywhere else.Does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, require that they should be deprived of all personal rights, should be denied the right to hold property, and to maintain sections for injuries done them? No, certainly not. At first sight, it seems that to give the slaves a secure property in their hard earnings gained by hours of extra exertion, and to allow them to appeal to the laws for redress when their persons or property were violated, would tend to make them more happy and contented. We should not suppose that they would be more dissatisfied, because their reasons for dissatisfaction were diminished.But it is contended, and not without some show of reason, that the moment any rights are conferred on the slaves, they will begin to understand how valuable are the rights from which they are still debarred, and will never be contented till they have gained them all. We perceive the full force of the argument; but it leads us to a conclusion directly opposite to that of those... The uneasiness of the slaves would not [ ] some rights being conceded to them, but from others being denied them. We should therefore say, remove all cause of dissatisfaction, by granting them all the rights of white men.Again, does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, requires that they should be liable to be flogged at the arbitrary direction of their masters and overseers? Again, we must answer, certainly not. The slaves would undoubtedly be much better satisfied, if they could only be punished by the order of a magistrate, after hearing of the complaints against them. Perhaps it may be said, that if slaves could only be punished in this way, they would become indolent, from not having the fear of a prompt application of the lash constantly before them. We are not prepared to admit that this would be the case, if all punishments were taken from the hands of the master; but admit that it would be, it only shows that the pecuniary interests of the master would suffer from the change of system, not that society would be endangered by the excesses of the negroes, or that they themselves would be less contented.Does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, require that they should be compelled to labor without wages? It cannot be pretended that the community would be unfavorably affected by having the negroes paid for their labor, except so far as it might make labor more expensive. But it seems obvious that a change of this kind would render the slaves more satisfied with their situation, and less likely to violate the peace of the community.Does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, require that to teach them to read and write should be made penal offences? No. It is not kindness to the slaves, it is not the safety of society, but love of slave property, and the safety of the slave system, which dictate the laws for this purpose.Does the safety of society, or the good of the slaves, require that their offences should be punished with far greater severity than the same sets when committed by white persons?—But it is needless to pursue these inquiries. It would be easy to examine every part of the existing system of slavery in the same manner. What has been already said, however, is sufficient to show that the objections against each particular change are not, in truth, that such a change would endanger the peace of society, or prove really injurious to the slave himself, but that it might occasion a pecuniary loss to slave-owners, or help to undermine the whole system. It must be obvious that the cruel laws and the oppressive practices engendered by slavery, are defended not from any tender regard for the slave, but from a determination of slaveholders not to suffer their property to be impaired. The whole system, so far from being intended to protect the slave, is constructed for the manifest purpose of perpetuating itself, and maintaining the privileges of slave-own-regardless of the rights and feelings of their unfortunate victims.                                

      RIOTS IN CHARLESTON. We have seen a letter from a gentleman of Charleston, stating that on Monday night a serious riot occurred in that city. A large number of the Nullifiers marched in a body to a Union house, near the Railroad, where a number of Union men were assembled. The house was defended by Union men, who fired at the assailing crowd. Each party accused the other of firing first. Shots were fired on both sides, and six of the Nullifiers were wounded. The Nullifiers immediately turned and rushed to the arsenal, the crowd augmenting as it went along, and demanded arms to revenge themselves. Gov. Hayne and Gen. Hamilton here addressed them, and persuaded them to refrain. This circumstance has created a good deal of feeling on both sides.— Sav. Georgian, Oct. 16. Sav. Georgian, Oct.   

        PORTLAND, Oct. 22, 1834.   A Young Men's Anti-Slavery Society was formed in this city, on the 11th inst., and the following gentlemen were duly chosen officers for the current year.    George Ropes, President.P.H. Greenleaf, 1st Vice President.P.M. Neal, 2d Vice President.Joseph Ropes, Treasurer.James F. Otis, Cor. Secretary.James Appleton, Jr. Rec. Secretary. President  st Vice President  d Vice President  Treasurer  Cor. Secretary  Rec. Secretary  J.T. Harris,Counsellors. Counsellors  Alfred Dow,  Charles Barbour,  Benj. Weymouth,  Moses G. Dow.  If you think proper you can give the above an insertion in the Liberator.     Yours, respectfully,      JAMES APPLETON, JR.      Rec. Sec. Y.M.A.S.S. Rec. Sec. Y.M.A.S.S.     

      Imported Paupers.— It is stated in the Gazette that an examination of admissions to the Almshouse at South Boston, shows that there were received into that establishment during the year ending Sept, 30, 1820, 396 Americans, 284 foreigners, and during the year ending Sept 30, 1834, 340 Americans, 613 foreigners. Decrease of American paupers in five years, 10 per cent; increase of foreign in the same time, 115 per cent. Can any one doubt that the expatriation of paupers is a part of the parochial system of England, and that we are thereby made to bear a heavy burthen, which must continue to increase until vigorous measures are adopted to prevent it?— Transcript. Imported Paupers. Transcript.   

          At the annual meeting of the New-Bedford Union Society, auxiliary to the General Convention, held at the house of Mr. Richard Johnson, October 22, 1834, for the purpose of choosing Officers to govern said Society the ensuing year, the following gentlemen were chosen, viz:Rev. Jacob Perry, President.Lewis Temple, Vice President.Richard Johnson, Treasurer.Richard C. Johnson, Corresponding Sec'y.John C. Briggs, Assistant Secretary. New-Bedford Union Society, viz:   President  Vice President  Treasurer  Corresponding Sec'y  Assistant Secretary  David S. Fletcher,Investigating Com. Investigating Com.  William Berry,  Augustus Munroe,    

      Singular.— A French paper gives an account of a serious and extremely rare occurrence, which lately took place in the Commune of Landes. A groom had his arm bit off by a horse integuments, bone and all were severed, with the exception of a few of the tendons! Many persons hearing the agonizing cries of the poor fellow, hastened to his assistance, and could with difficulty drive away the infuriated animal from the object of his vengeance. It was thought that the groom would not recover. Singular. bit off by a horse   

      The splendid piece of plate presented by Female friends in Glasgow to Miss. Crandall, will be shown to our anti-slavery friends for a few days, at the Anti-Slavery Office, No. 46, Washington-street.    

      The Cholera.— Gottenburg, Aug. 22.— The cholera has raged dreadfully here from the 26th of July to the 21st of August. Out of a population of 28,000 souls 9,800 have fallen victims to it: among whom are many of the higher classes. Of the Jews, only one woman and her son have died. All business is suspended. The few workmen that remained were employed in removing the dead bodies. The great malady among the poorer classes is ascribed to unwholesome provisions, and irregular mode of life. The Cholera.   

      A Duel took place on Wednesday, which was attended by singular circumstances. One of the combatants having had the first fire, placed himself in an attitude to receive that of his adversary, who took a long and deliberate aim. The ball passed through his skull, and he died instantly. A few seconds afterwards, his adversary also fell and expired, for he had received a ball which traversed his lungs: he nevertheless retained sufficient strength to execute the deadly purpose of his deliberate aim. The combatants of went to the field to revenge a double and reciprocal adultery.— Galignani's Mes.  Galignani's Mes.   

      Anti-Duelling Society in New-Orleans.— A most respectable company of gentlemen in New-Orleans have formed themselves into an Anti-Duelling Society, and appointed a numerous committee to draw up resolutions suited to the objects of the Society.A man was lately killed by an elephant at Covington, Indiana. He was seized by the animal before a crowd of spectators, and immediately crushed to death. Anti-Duelling Society in New-Orleans.     

            I. Why people sleep in meeting on the Sabbath.1. They served themselves and the world too faithfully during the week.Nature cannot bear every thing. It cannot usually bear more than six days' labor in a week. And where people do seven days' work in six days, nature cries out for help. She becomes exhausted and wants repose. Multitudes, in anticipation of the Sabbath, jade themselves out on Saturday, by doing nearly two days' work in one day. And no [ ] be drowsy on the Sabbath.2. [ ] take sufficient time for sleep Saturday night.They [ ] law suits, their shopping, and then extra affairs for Saturday afternoon. Thus, in addition to being unusually fatigued, they are up till 11 or 12 o'clock, or later, that evening. The natural consequence is, they are sleepy on the Sabbath.3. They think they cannot help sleeping in meeting.The look upon their sleepy disposition as an infirmity. Thinking they can't help it, they don't try to help it. As a man thinketh, so is he. If they think they can't keep awake in church, they can't keep awake— they have no moral power to keep awake.4. They take too easy a posture.Some people take care to place themselves in a comfortable position to sleep in. They brace themselves in a corner of the pew so that they need not fall, or make too low bows while they are sleeping. Others use for a pillow their arm, or a book, or the top of the slip before them, or a post, on the shoulder of another. Thus they show that they calculate to sleep. And they generally succeed.5. They do not interest themselves in the exercises of the meeting. If they cared enough about the preaching to follow the train of remark, they would feel no disposition to sleep.6. They are sick, so that they have not strength enough of body and mind to continue interested in the services.II. It is improper and wicked to sleep in church.1. Because it shows disrespect to God. Those, who go to the meeting, go there professedly to worship, (not to mock,) God. When men go to pay their respects to their superiors, do they get to sleep in their company? When Esther went into the presence of Ahasuerus, to present an important petition, did she fall asleep? If she had fallen asleep, do you think the king would have said to her, 'What is thy petition, and what is thy request, it shall be granted, to the half of my kingdom?' And when come into the audience chamber of the King of kings, professedly to present their petitions and show their respects, how does he look upon their falling asleep? And how contemptuous and disrespectful does it appear in the sight of God, to see guilty men, to whom his authorized Ambassadors are delivering his message, getting to sleep under the sound of the Ambassador's voice.2. It shows disrespect to the place of worship. Jacob exclaims, 'How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven.' Who could sleep in such a place? House of God! House, dedicated to his service. Not a dormitory— a house to sleep in; but a sacred place— a temple— a house, in which to worship the true Jehovah— the ante-chamber of heaven. Yes, the gate of heaven, through which devout worshippers enter heaven to breathe its life-giving atmosphere, and to feast upon its sacred delights. Here is where true Christians come 'to mount Zion, the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem,' and where they meet 'an innumerable company of angels, and the general assembly and church of the first-born, and God, the Judge of all, and the spirits of just men made perfect, and Jesus, the mediator of the new covenant.' And can any one treat such a place with so much disrespect as to sleep there! O, tell it not.3. It shows great disrespect for the minister. Christ told his ministers that, 'He that despiseth you, despiseth me, and he that despiseth me, despiseth the one that sent me.' And how can men more clearly show that they despise the minister than by going to sleep under his preaching?4. It shows disrespect for the audience. Would it not be so esteemed on other occasions?5. It shows disregard for religion. Religion is the business which calls men to the Lord's house. To sleep, when this business is transacting, is showing a great unconcern about it, or disregard of it.6. It shows a very great disrespect to one's self. If a man had much respect for himself, would he be caught in such an awkward predicament in such a place, and on such an occasion, and in such company?7. It sets a bad example. This is self-evident.8. It is presenting the body a dead sacrifice to God.9. It is offering a vain oblation.10. It is offering the sacrifice of fools.III. Consequence of sleeping in meeting.1. Those who do it, lose their time and labor in coming to church— Pity to do so much for nothing. If sleep is their object, they can get it without so much trouble.2. They exert a bad influence on others. Sleeping in meeting is contagious. Where one sleeps, many learn how, and soon catch the disorder. Thus, some pews, or corners of the church might appropriately be called the sleepy pew, or the sleepy corner.3. It forms, or strengthens a bad habit. The oftener one permits himself to sleep in meeting, the more is he disposed to sleep. So that this habit, like every other bad one, strengthens by indulgence.4. It disheartens the minister. After he has labored hard, during the week, to prepare to give to each of his hearers a portion in due season, for him to see them have so little appetite for the food which he has made ready as to fall asleep while he is feeding it to them, is truly discouraging. He is ready to ask, What, can ye not watch one hour in the whole week? So short a time to be together to worship God and prepare for heaven, and that short time to be slept away?5. Sleepers disturb the devotions of others. This they do, by their indecorous appearance, or by their loud breathing.6. They give others a bad impression respecting their religious character.7. They endanger their souls by insulting God, for he will not be mocked.Remark. No sleeping in eternity, and all who are going there, should be watchful here. Why people sleep in meeting on the Sabbath.                 they calculate to sleep       It is improper and wicked to sleep in church.   worship audience chamber   House of God! the gate of heaven,             dead       Consequence of sleeping in meeting.     sleepy pew, sleepy corner.             Remark.    E.D.K.     

        The Fourth Ohio Annual Conference of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, commenced its session in the city of Pittsburgh, on the 20th of Sept. 1834, and continued by adjournment, from day to day, till the 29th day of said month.       Pittsburgh stationJohn Boggs.  Zanesville circuitThomas Lawrence.  Columbus circuitSamuel Enty.  Chillicothe circuitJeremiah Thomas.  Hillsborough circuitSamuel Davis.  Cincinnati stationWilliam P. Quinn.  The Bishop then gave his parting advice to the members of the conference in the most friendly manner.And, after prayer, by the Rev. Jeremiah Thomas, conference adjourned until August 22, 1835.       J.B. VASHON, Sec.     

        It is a matter of high congratulation, that, through the providence of Almighty God, we have again been permitted to associate in our religious and representative character, from the different circuits of this conference, to pour into one common stream the effects of prayer, and the happy results of a religious life, and to transact the spiritual and temporal business of the church, and to recommend a path for our people to pursue, for their present good, future elevation, and eternal happiness. Almost all the advantages and miscarriages of our lives depend, in a great measure, upon our education. Therefore it is greatly the duty of all who have in any way the inspection of this important affair, by every means possible, to win young minds to improvement. Indeed the difference in the manners and abilities of men proceed more from education this from any imperfection or advantages derived from their original formation. Youth, moreover, is the proper and only season for education; for if it be neglected, it will surely be in vain to think of remedying the oversight in more advanced years. It will be too late to think of sowing the seed of education, when maturity has rendered the mind stubborn and inflexible, and when, instead of receiving the seeds, it should be bringing forth the fruits of instruction. But there is one point in the article of education, which is more essential than any of the rest; we mean the great care that ought to be taken to form youth to the principles of religion. It is true, religion is a thing much talked of, but little understood; much pretended to, but very little practised; and the reason why it is so illy practised, is because it is so little understood. Knowledge, therefore, must precede religion. Since it is necessary to be wise in order to be virtuous, it must be known to whom, and upon what account, duty is owing otherwise it never can be rightly performed.And, in conclusion, the conference would remind our brethren, by all that they hold dear, beware of that bewitching evil, that bane of society, that curse of the world, that fell-destroyer of the soul and body, and of the best prospects and the best hopes of civilized man— intemperance.Finally, before taking leave, we would admonish you— be righteous, be just, be honest, be economical, be prudent; offend not the laws of your country. In a word, live in purity of life, by both precept and example; live in the constant pursuit of that moral and intellectual strength which will invigorate your understandings, and render you illustrious in the eyes of God and civilized nations.   intemperance.     

