      Minutes of the Fifth Annual Convention for the improvement of the Free People of Color in the United States, held by adjournment, in the Wesley Church, Philadelphia, from the first to the fifth of June inclusive, 1835.A perusal of this document cannot fail to encourage and animate every well-wisher of the colored man. Its pages afford abundant testimony of the ability of this body to set before the nation a detail of the wrongs and grievances to which they are by custom and law subjected,— and they also exhibit a praiseworthy spirit of manly and noble resolution to contend, by moral force alone, until their rights, so long withheld, shall be restored. We believe the Conventional Address to the American People cannot be read, even by a prejudiced person, without receiving a full conviction of the entire fitness of men who can give to the world such evidences of eminent talent, patriotism and philanthropy, for all the civil and political rights enjoyed by any other body of citizens. We have only room today, for some of the resolutions unanimously adopted by the Convention. In our next we shall endeavor to give the Address entire. Minutes of the Fifth Annual Convention for the improvement of the Free People of Color in the United States, held by adjournment, in the Wesley Church, Philadelphia, from the first to the fifth of June inclusive,       

            About two years and a half or three years ago, when the Anti-slavery voice first swelled on the northern breeze, and       first appeared written in light 'on the wall,' a violent discussion of its import was immediately commenced by the slave presses throughout heathendom. Even Indies, 'intelligent and exalted,' rushed into the arena with brandished goosequills, and discreetly commenced a fight in prevent fighting. Those beautiful and delicate warlocks, stated by editors to be 'the paragons of women,' just such as Gurley lately described, (innuendo that nothing but a substratum of vassalage is good or high enough for such excellence to stand upon,) absolutely vet[ ]ed all discussion upon the 'delicate subject.' The Richmond Enquirer pitched the tune, and all the minor southern editors fell immediately into a loud silence. That silence, (with the exception of McDuffie, and some such colts) has been pretty well kept up until the event which heads this article. Having a high opinion of southern sagacity, in Hamlet's sense, 'The pate of a politician,One that would circumvent God,'we did suppose that when they should break silence again it would be with all the gravity and momentum that they could concentrate, and that they would get up an appearance at least, which would be dark, portentous, and betoken a real tragedy. How greatly then were we disappointed to hear from the meeting, 'invoked' with so much 'solemnity,' nothing but a ringing of tongs, tin kettles, and brass warming pass, resembling, for all the world, that discordant din which rural inhabitants are went to make on the occasion of bees swarming. We do not think a flatter affair has been seen this many a day.It is known that a preliminary meeting of choice spirits from the land of despotism and licentiousness had been held at the first public house in the city of New York.— Doubtless many of the valorous and hospitable sons of 'chivalry,' who gallantly ejected into the streets a respected lady and her infant children, just arrived on our shores from the beloved father-land, were among them. A 'Committee' of that meeting, prepared evidently with a great deal of 'the lamp,' a stately 'and solemn preamble, setting forth' the alarming crisis' which abolitionists had produced, and concluding with a proposition to call a SOUTHERN CONVENTION to consider and adopt suitable measures to meet the same. From the moment we first saw their proposed movement announced, we felt a curiosity to see what an assembly of slaveholders could do upon this subject; what sort of an issue they would present to be tried by the people of the United States, and of all christendom. We knew that they would and must set out with saying that slavery was an 'evil,' because they have said thus much any time these fifty years. That they would say it again was as certain as the lady's age that Cicero concluded to be twenty-five because he had heard it so stated for thirty years. 'Very well, if an evil, the next question is, what is the nature of the abolition doings which we of the south are now called to consider?' 'They are telling the world wherein it is evil, and advising as to the remedy.' 'Is that all they are doing?' 'We can get hold of nothing else. So far they are guilty, as the jury found in Woodfall's famous case “of printing and publishing only” a tough kind of verdict which disconcerted the great tory lord and lawyer, Mansfield himself.' If they only tell of 'this evil' they do no more than we have done and still do; and if they propose a remedy, they only propose what we have all along professed to desire and call for. Therefore I do not well see what ground we are to take in a public meeting.' Such, we thought to ourselves, might be the course of thinking though not of speaking (because the use of language is to conceal thoughts) in a slave meeting held in a free city.The reporting of a resolution for a Convention, staved off the difficulty which those people must encounter whenever they shall attempt to take ground.  By their admission of 'the evil' they will find themselves perpetually stopped to object openly and publicly to the efforts which Abolitionists are making to remove it, where they legally can, and to persuade the masters themselves to remove it where they legally cannot. The slaveholders must either back out of their admission that slavery is an 'evil' and 'go the whole figure' against liberty; or they must acknowledge that it is proper and commendable to wish, and pray, and preach that 'the evil' may be done away.The resolution for a Convention, keeping aloof from the merits of the case, and referring the whole to a Convention, whose proceedings might, and we will be bound to say, would be as secret as the inquisition, was a wise and masterly method of eschewing the difficulty above mentioned; and if it had been adopted it would, in our judgment, have been the best policy which an Anti-Liberty meeting could have pursued, except to have adjourned the said meeting as soon as it was opened.But what shall we say of that, which ensued? 'What adequate terms shall we find to set forth a matter, which 'so thundered in the index?' Shall we say 'the mountain was in labor?' Shall we compare the deeds of war 'with the sounding phrase of the manifeste?' Or adopt the approved old rhyme—.The King of Spain with forty thousand men,Marched up a hill, and— then marched down again.Under the instructions of S.L. Knapp, Esq. of Boston, and a Mr. David Brigham, who, we are informed, is going south to get subscribers for a firm in this city, and no doubt thought a bit of an Anti-Liberty speech would be the best entering wedge, the resolution, deliberately proposed by the Committee, and affirming in conformity with the solemn preamble, that 'an alarming crisis has arrived, is set aside and another resolution, declaring that no crisis at all has arrived, is substituted! Thus a remarkable symmetry is preserved between the head and the tail.Hamano capiti cervicem pictor equinamJungere se velit, et varias inducere plumas,Undique collatis membris; ut turpiter atrumDesinat in piscem, mulier formosa superne;Spectatum admissi, risum teneatis amici?*It was said of Plato, that the latter end of his Commonwealth forgot the begining; much more might this calamty happen, where there were half a dozen Platos, and forty Solomons.But seriously what can be more ridiculous than this affair? If the Southern Committee had no sufficient reasons for ringing the deep-toned tocsin, how came they to attempt it? If they had such reasons, how came they to desist? This dilemma we offer to their consciences, and what will be more effective to their honor and dignity, or to their pride and vanity, whichever they please. If they thought the abolitionists bad, and increasing, it was their duty to persevere in their undertaking, or to undertake something to stop them. If they thought them good or insignificant, why did they move at all? Will they pretend that the palavers of Mr. Samuel L. Knapp of Boston and Mr. David Brigham of Worcester Country, Massachusetts, really altered their views of the case one jet from what they were when they penned their preamble and resolution. It is absurd to suppose it; we have more respect for southern intellects.Gen. Flounder of Georgia, who was one of the orators, made an unkind cut at dear old friends the Colonization Society. He said they were 'a total failure!' Mr. Gurley ought to fly from one end of Colonization to the other with the swiftness of a shuttle, and change characters with the expedition of 'the Three Singles,' to keep his concern afloat; and when he has done all, he will never be able to make the two ends meet.To make a serious improvement of the comedy, which we have been describing, when will our southern countrymen learn to look calmly and honestly at the truths which they most come to at last? When will they be persuaded to submit themselves unto God, and to do with piety, dignity, and the applause of all good men, that which their ablest and best efforts to avoid and prevent, can only render them a laughing-stock. immediately commenced fighting innuendo vet[ ]ed McDuffie, Hamlet's sense,      brass   could people must thirty wherein remedy.' only” tell remedy, public slave free   Convention, take ground.  stopped remove legally persuade is liberty;   merits      then marched down again.   Boston, Anti-Liberty     atrum  piscem,  admissi,     of Boston Country,   two ends meet.     * Suppose a painter, to a human lead  Should join a horse's neck, and wildly spreadThe various plumage of the feathered kind,O'er limbs of different beasts, absurdly Joined;Or if he gave in view a beauteous maidAbove the waist with every charm arrayed;Should a foul fish her lower parts infold—Would you not laugh such pictures to behold?          

          Messrs. Editors:— On Friday evening, moved by that curiosity which we find it difficult to resist, I attended Julien Hall, for the purpose of listening to an intellectual discussion between Messrs. Gurley and May. The former gentleman is the friend, the advocate, and the able champion of the Colonization Society;— the other is the stark staring mad defender and propagator of Anti-Slavery, abolition, amalgamation, and all their associates. I know not how this discussion was produced:— whether it was accidental, incidental, or solicited; and it forms no part of my purpose to inquire into either of these branches of the subject. The discussion took place; that fact I know, and all others are of utter insignificance.At an early hour, Julien Hall was crowded with a respectable assemblage, composed, as I should think, of all the varied classes of society; and all appeared to be ripe for the discussion. So soon as the Hall appeared to be filled, a gentleman who presided, called on a clergyman who sat near by, to open the meeting with prayer! The request was complied with, and a brief ex-parte address was offered to the Throne of Grace, imploring the smiles of Heaven on the labors of the night, and demanding in a tone anything but supplicatory, the interference of the Ruler of the world, to break immediately the chains and yokes of all who labor under the ills and afflictions of human bondage. If 'brevity is the soul of wit,' that was certainly the most commendable part of the orison of the officiating clergyman, and commended him, if nothing else would, to the good will and approbation of the crowd in attendance.The prayer disposed of, the Rev. Mr. May opened the discussion, by reading a resolution, which he probably considered a very gentlemanly affair, but which, in the opinion of the writer of this article, was one of the most gross and abusive attacks that could be made on the Colonization Society— on all who do not bow and yield to the supremacy and purity of the Anti-Slavery faction. As the resolution was 'as long as your arm, and as broad as a cake-board,' and as it will be published 'by authority,' I shall not attempt to furnish you with a copy. As soon as it was read, Mr. May commenced his speech. The exordium was a labored parody on Othello's address to the Senate, mingled with sundry speaks of poesy and illusion, which abundantly manifested the disposition and self-conceit and arrogance of the speaker. He professed an abundance of that modern philanthropy, which leads one neighbor to attempt the disruption of the happiness of his next door friend and associate, and which, by the way, if not checked by the good sense and moderation of the people, will lead to the dismemberment of the Union, and to those scenes of insubordination and bloodshed, to which the riots of New-York and Philadelphia are unfortunately unerring presages. He affected at the onset to pay a merited compliment to the talents and ability of the Rev. Mr. Gurley; and having thus offered a kind of salvo for subsequent abuse, attacked the Colonization Society and its friends with a virulence and vulgarity which could only have been expected at the hands of a man whose proper appellation shall be nameless.Having exhausted the fund of gross invective and ribaldry with which he appeared to be surcharged for the occasion, he took his seat, and left the field to his gifted, eloquent and gentlemanly antagonist, the Rev. R.R. Gurley. This gentleman was doubly armed for the occasion. He possessed all the talent, education, and amiable bearing demanded for the contest, and most nobly did he defend the Colonization Society, its friends, and himself, from the aspersions of his antagonist. He shewed to the unprejudiced mind, that the scheme of the Colonization Society for the final extermination of slavery throughout the United States, was the only feasible and natural one that philanthropy had ever conceived, or human ingenuity had called into successful action. A more successful effort was never made; and it is believed that those who were open to conviction, were satisfied of the correctness of the positions assumed by the defender of Colonization. After Mr. Gurley had completed one of the finest specimens of American eloquence, he left the subject in the hands of his antagonist, taking with him, as he resumed his seat, an evident expression of approbation, spontaneously awarded by the multitude in attendance. Mr. May, having once more taken the floor, and being fully satisfied for 'my single self,' that he would offer no new light on the subject— being convinced that he would repeat 'a thrice told tale,' and that we should not be favored with the outpouring of any fresh rays of eloquence, I left Julien Hall, fully assured that the Reverence Mr. May had been put to route by his antagonist— and equally well satisfied from what I saw and heard, that if the people of New-England do not call public meetings, and adopt efficient steps to put a period to the mad designs of such fanatics and incendiaries as Mr. May and his associates, two years will not lapse, before this happy republic is rent asunder, and be last remnant of American freedom will be found in the withering reflection of a blighted nameIt need not be added in this place, for the ten thousandth time, that we and every New-Englander are the determined unqualified foes of Slavery. We would see it abolished— ay, we would see it erased from the escutcheon of our country at this moment— at any moment, provided the act could be accomplished without exposing us to the probable, nay, certain sacrifice of our existence as a nation. We yield to none in the sincerity of our philanthropy; but, thank God, it is not of that kind which would justify and require us to prostrate all that we hold near and dear to freemen, for the purpose of elevating the negro to our own condition without any honorable exertion on his side, and at the same time prostitute our children to the embraces of that portion of creation which is instinctively abhorrent to the white man and too offensive to contemplate.The Anti-Slavery fanatics require all this, and they ask too much in behalf of the negro! What, give our daughters to the blackamoors— sink and degrade all castes of society— sacrifice every instinctive and ennobling principle, to gratify the lust of the negro and elevate him to our own condition! When a struggle shall be made to bring all this about— and it probably will be made at no distant date, if the fanaticism of the age is not arrested in its course— let the grave, ay, a glorious and not an ignoble grave, form the last and sacred barrier between the white man and the negro. We would surrender our 'altars and our fires,' to the cause of freedom— and the same glorious impulse that would dictate the deed, would impel us on to any act that would screen our offspring from the loathsome, the contaminating and gangrenous embrace of the negro.So far as slavery is concerned in the discussions of the day, its positive existence is confined to regions south of the Potomac. There it exists in all its fullness and legitimacy; and if the mock philanthropists of the day dure be brave, dare be honest in their avowals and professions of philanthropy, why do they not go into those regions, and there, bearding the lion in his den, prove themselves the champions of freedom and the glorious heralds of Emancipation! Why annoy us of the North with their idle clamor, and raise a strife that can be productive of no good to the slave, and which must only engender evil at home! The time has arrived, and 'we must know it,' when something must be done, and that too very speedily and decisively, to arrest the progress of fanaticism and incendiarism in the North! We must not, cannot delay, without doing palpable injustice to the people— without forfeiting those pledges which our ancestors gave the founders of the republic at that moment that fanned us into national existence. We pledged ourselves to the South, most sacredly and solemnly, that we would protect them in the enjoyment of their rights and property; and shall we now be led astray by false philanthropy— by the artifices of English and Scotch emissaries; forfeit our pledges; and adopting the levelling and agrarian system of fanaticism, yield our necks to negro insolence and vagabond dictation. The times are sadly out of joint; the safety of the republic must be looked to, and it remains for every good, every honorable and high minded white man to say, whether he will or will not adopt some efficient step to protect the purity of the blood of his family, or yield all to negro lust and fanatical incendiarism.Having already trespassed on your time, Messrs. Editors, we must retire; but before we do so, we must be allowed to enter our formal protest against all future discussions between Messrs. Gurley and May. Mr. Gurley, we know possesses every advantage over Mr. May. but, as he recognizes the claims of that individual to a rank which the friends of good order would not allow him, by condescending to meet him in public dispute, we shall respectfully protest against any future meetings of the kind. Messrs. Editors:    demanding immediately   purity  affected   saw heard, incendiaries as     not   dure dare purity of the blood of his family,      STRONG AND GERRY.     

      On motion of Mr. Ogden, seconded by R. Purvis, it wasResolved, That a committee of two be appointed to correspond with gentlemen in Liberia, and endeavor to ascertain the situation of those of our brethren who may have considered themselves deluded by the American Colonization Society, with a request that they publish there correspondence from time to time.Messrs. Purvis and Hinton were appointed.On motion of Mr. Samuel Van Brakle, seconded by Nathan Johnson, it was unanimouslyResolved, That the members of this convention return their sincere thanks to the theological students of Lane Seminary, in the state of Ohio, for their spirit of philanthropy, and their zeal in the cause of abolition; with the hope that they may be laden in the day of Eternity, with an everlasting trophy of glory.On motion of Mr. Benjamin Clark, seconded by Mr. Lippins, it was unanimouslyResolved, That this Convention hail with joy the progress of the temperance reformation among the colored, as well as white inhabitants of our country; and as intemperance and slavery are closely allied, this convention recommend to our people the formation of temperance societies, which we believe will facilitate the cause of immediate and universal emancipation.On motion of Mr. James H. Fleet, seconded by Mr. John F. Cook, it was unanimouslyResolved, That this convention recommend to the free people of color throughout the United States, the propriety of petitioning Congress and their respective State legislatures to be admitted to the rights and privileges of American citizens, and that we be protected in the same.On motion of Mr. Morell, seconded by Mr. Clark, it wasResolved, That the thanks of this convention be tendered, through the President and Secretary, to the different Anti-Slavery Societies in the United States, for their untiring zeal in the cause of human liberty.On motion of R. Purvis, seconded by W. Whipper, it wasResolved, That we do most heartily welcome that distinguished philanthropist and friend of the human race, Mr. George Thompson, to our shores, and most ardently desire that the blessing of Heaven may crown his illustrious mission to this country.On motion of W. Whipper, seconded by S. Smith, it wasResolved, That the free people of color are requested by this convention, to petition these state legislatures that have adopted the Colonization Society, to abolish it.On motion of W. Whipper, seconded by R. Purvis, it wasResolved, That we regard with heartfelt admiration, the high and holy stand taken by many ministers of the Gospel and Christian Churches, in favor of Immediate Emancipation, and do sincerely request our colored churches to exert themselves equally to promote the cause of Moral Reform.On motion of W. Whipper, seconded by R. Purvis, it wasResolved, That we recommend as far as possible, to our people to abandon the use of the word 'colored,' when either speaking or writing concerning themselves; and especially to remove the title of African from their institutions, the marbles of churches, &c.On motion of R. Purvis, seconded by F.A. Hinton, it was unanimouslyResolved, That, in proportion as we find the spirit of Colonization dying, prejudice diminishes. Therefore, we desire the friends of human liberty never to cease smiting the monster until its ghost has ceased to delude the philanthropy of the nation.On, motion of Mr. Morell,Resolved, That this convention recommend to our people to discountenance and refrain from witnessing the pro-slavery farces and exhibitions, commonly known as canonization meetings.On motion of Mr. Powell, seconded by Mr. Purvis' it wasResolved, That this Convention place no confidence in a society recently formed in Boston Called 'the American Union,' believing it to be only Colonization in a new dress, or a wolf in sheep's clothing.On motion of W. Whipper, seconded by R. Purvis, it wasResolved, That our duty to God, and to the principles of human rights, so far exceeds our allegiance to those laws that return the slave again to his master, (from the free states,) that we recommend our people to peaceably bear the punishment those inflict, rather than aid in returning their brethren again to slavery.On motion of J. Cornish, seconded by Mr. Morell, it wasResolved, That this Convention, in the name of the people it represents, present its special thanks to the Ladies constituting the Female Anti Slavery Society throughout this country, believing their untiring exertions and irresistible influence to be a most powerful auxiliary in the great cause of emancipation.On motion of W. Whipper, seconded by R. Purvis, it wasResolved, That the Christian forbearance practised by our people during their persecution by these mob riots of 1834, merits the praise and respect of the whole Christian world; and is a most successful refutation of the pro-slavery arguments advanced in this country, by men who are governed by inveterate and warlike dispositions.Resolved, That their peace, quietude and humility, during that period of excitement, have, in point of civilization and Christian kindness, placed them far above the agitators, abettors, or actors of that humiliating and degrading persecution.   Resolved,       Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,     Resolved,    Resolved,    

          BOSTON, July 18, 1835.     It may seem obstrusive for me after so slight an acquaintance, to address to you a letter, but a late occurrence in our city in which you cannot but feel an interest, induces me to incur the risk of the charge. The occurrence to which I allude, is the public debate held last night in Julien Hall, between the Rev. Messrs. Gurley and May, on the merits of the Colonization Society. The Rev. Mr. Gurley was challenged to this debate by his anti-slavery antagonist. The resolution discussed was not known to him until the parties met on the stage of the Hall. Its import was, that the Colonization Society did not deserve the patronage of the public, because it sanctioned and taught in its authorized writings, doctrines that were unchristian, inhuman, &c. &c. The anti-slavery party admitted that their champion was as good a one as they could produce or could wish, being a man of known ability, of great candor, unquestionable piety, and less of a declaimer, and more of a logician than Thompson, who treated his audience with so much school boy declamation, and so little argument in a former discussion. Great interest was excited by the public advertisements of the meeting, the Hall was jamed at an early hour, and it is probable that hundreds went away for want of seats. Mr. May commenced the debate. He spoke at length of the charges specified in the resolution, and read from numerous documents to establish them. Mr. Gurley in his reply, answered the charges most triumphantly. The audience could not resist the conviction, and though a request had been given that there should be no expression of feeling on the part of the assembly, involuntary thunders of applause burst forth at frequent intervals, and the hissing showed a consciousness of defeat. The rejoinder of May was even feebler than his first remarks. He was convinced of his failure, and gave the most painful indication of the conviction. There was a constrained effort at flourishing, but it was the vain effort of the unfledged bird to fly; a great deal of stammering and a very incoherent statement of some further reasonings closed his speech. On sitting down, the Rev. gentleman made a very ludicrous mistake, there was considerable hissing at the time, accompanied with some faint cheering, before the latter had entirely closed; Gurley rose to reply when thunders of applause broke from the audience to hall him, but which his antagonist thought were designed for himself, and rising again requested his friends to restrain the expression of their interest and allow his opponent to proceed.I will not attempt to describe to you Gurley's reply lest you suspect me enthusiastic. Suffice it to say that those who have heard him repeatedly, declare that they never heard him when he was equal to it, before. He was evidently conscious that he had got the mastery. He moved along perfectly at home, deliberately attacking and scattering in ruins every position of his antagonist. The enlarged grasp and powerful sweep of thought, the dignified candor, and the sound logical argumentation with which he discussed the question excited the admiration of all, even enemies. The overwhelming applause compared with the faint hissing with which he was heard, shows the state of feeling in this community respecting this great subject; numbers who went to the meeting undecided, have been convinced of the folly of the anti-slavery movements. And it is confidently believed that the continuance of the debate will materially injure the Abolitionists. The house rung with applause for a long interval after Gurley took his seat. The debate is to be resumed again next Monday evening. All that is necessary in this city is an efficient agent, and the Colonization cause will carry with it the whole power of the public sentiment. The intelligent and influential portion of our citizens almost universally are opposed to the Abolitionists. flourishing,       

      SLAVE CASE AND RIOT. Yesterday afternoon, our streets were thronged by a mob, under considerable excitement, produced by the arrest of a slave family, and their subsequent rescue. As far as we can learn the facts, they are briefly these. One Taint a slave agent from the South, having learned that a family of slaves, consisting of a man, his wife, and child, were living in St. Catharines, U.C., went over and brought them away in the night. They were followed to this city, when a party of blacks organized, and pursued the kidnappers as far as Hamburgh, when they effected a rescue, and bore the liberated individuals off in triumph, with the intention of placing them again on the Canadian side; but when at the ferry, at Black Rock, a rencontre took place between them and several citizens who had been called by the police to assist in arresting them— which resulted in somewhat severe injuries to several on both sides. One young gentleman, named Fremont, attached to Mr. Duffy's Theatre, received a dangerous contusion on the temple, from an iron ball in the hand of one of the blacks during the melee.The slaves succeeded in making good there escape. Eight or ten of the blacks engaged in the riot have been committed by Justice Grosvenor for trial— Buffalo Commercial Advertiser.    Buffalo Commercial Advertiser.    

        ANDOYER, July 18, 1835.     The meetings of the Anti-Slavery Society are still continued here. For the last three or four evenings, Mr. Thompson has lectured upon Hayd. Mr. Phelps is to lecture on Sabbath evening, and on Monday evening, a business meeting is to be held, after which, a colloquial conference, in order to answer objections. Last evening, several questions were propounded to Mr. Thompson by the opponents of his society— this course is to be regretted, as it attaches a degree of respectability to the man which is undeserved, besides, if any one has any doubts upon the subject, an itinerant foreigner is not the person to solve them. One question was:— in case the North should become united in the measures of the Anti-Slavery Society, would a separation of the Union take place?' Mr. Thompson thought not, and gave his reasons; but what importance can be attached to his opinion or his argument. We certainly are not so deficient in men of information, as to need to ask a strolling lecturer, who can have little or no means of information, and whose feelings are not enlisted in the love of the Union, like unto those of the native citizen. Our leading statesmen are the persons for such queries; such as Clay, Calhoun, Webster, &c. are the men whose minds are instructed, and whose hearts beat with the love of their own dear native land. I hope no one will resort to either Mr. Thompson, or to his coadjutor, Mr. Phelps, with such questions. Mr. Thompson himself had sense enough to perceive it, and replied that the question was difficult for an Englishman to answer.It is now a fortnight since these labors of love were commenced, and the result, so far as I can ascertain, has been quite unfavorable to the cause pretended to be advocated. I have heard of a meeting of some of the Academy students, in which a memorial was adopted, to be presented to the faculty, stating their grievances, and declaring that, if the law was not repealed which restricted the formation of a society, without the concurrence of the teacher, they would withdraw in a body— some of these promising youngsters are only twelve years of age; so much for abolition!Thompson said of the Theological Seminary, that it had better be destroyed, than to have it silent on the abolition subject. The good people of England will be doubtless surprised to hear, that their agent is going through the country breaking up literary and religious Institutions— the pious and benevolent individuals who sent him out will not think their money appropriated to the best service of God and man. I understand that they are going through the land in the same way— they will stay here until they triumph, or until they are wearied out; and then proceed to some of the colleges— say Amherst or Cambridge.Personal vanity and heartless ambition are the characteristics of these men; in the case of the foreigner, he has become reckless in consequence of the indignation and contempt that has been cast upon him, and having no love to our land, or to its institutions, he works without restraint. It is a pity to see talents thus perverted, for Mr. Thompson discovers through a mass of moral deformity, some faint traces of a man who once had gentlemanly and Christian feelings. When men will take hold of this cause with right feelings, and with enlightened minds, something may be effected: but until then, we may despair of accomplishing any thing. It is now all I, I, and no attempts are made to enlist the good and wise men of he land— all is aimed at THE RABBLE   some of these promising youngsters are only twelve years of age;     It is now all I, I, and no attempts are made to enlist the good and wise men of he land    C.     

      FUGITIVE SLAVES.— A colored man named Frank, who escaped from his master, Mr. Thomas Hope, of Accomac Co., Virginia, nearly seven years ago, has been arrested in this city at the suit of his master, and committed to prison under a warrant from the Recorder. Although the depositions already laid before the Recorder leave no doubt of Mr. Hope's being the owner of the slave, he must nevertheles prove it in a more formal manner before he can get a habeas corpus to remove him from the State.Another slave, who lately escaped from a gentleman in Sussex County, Delaware, was also arrested here a couple of days back, and committed to prison till his master makes good his claim of ownership— Journal of Commerce.By the Charleston Courier of the 20th ult. we have information of the arrest and committal of two white slave stealers. The crime was clearly established, and the parties, Boudre & Mitchell, of Georgia, were bound in $5000 for their appearance.   Journal of Commerce.      

      The Rev. O.S. Murray, who was recently promenading the state to ignite the fires of mischief upon the subject of abolishing slavery, has come out in the State Journal with a violent and abusive phillippic against the Colonization Society. He charges it with almost all kinds of fraud, speculation, and imposition, and labors hard to prevent the people from making contributions to it, as solicited by Hon. E. Paine, President of the Vermont Society, in his Annual Circular. The fellow deserves a thrashing for his impertinence and impudence, and we trust some one will inflict it.— Woodstock Courier. thrashing Woodstock Courier.    

        'Allen'— 'S.N.S.'— 'D.D.'— 'J.P.B.'— 'W.W.'— 'Hyder Ali'— and several other favors have been received this week, all worthy of publication. Our limits are so narrow, however, that we cannot promise their publication for several weeks.'T.C.' of Philadelphia is informed that all his communications were duly received, two of them since the absence of the Editor. The reasons for withholding them from the public will be given when the Editor returns.The Address sent us by our esteemed brother S.W.W., in consequence of inability to publish it so early as it merits, and with the hope that it will be immediately published in pamphlet form, has been forwarded in accordance to his request.'Civis' is informed that his 'hints' have long been under consideration— and that it is not the want of pecuniary means that has prevented the plan from being put into operation, but a belief that others would ire this have acted on, the principles of the Declaration of '76. We shall give his communication to our readers next week.The request of 'C.P.' of West Townsend, will be complied with soon.A long and very interesting account of the recent Anti-Slavery meetings in Andover was received too late for this paper— we shall insert it next week, together with a letter from 'C.' a correspondent of the Boston Courier, and a public advocate of the expatriating scheme. This letter contains a report of a scriptural pro-slavery lecture of two hours duration, which according to the writer 'demolished the Abolition Scripture quoters, like the balls of a twenty-four pounder among egg-shells'!!!           scriptural    

          IMPORTANT TESTIMONY. Did the Blacks ever desire a Society to be formed to transport them to Africa with their own consent? If not, can the Colonization Society be a Benevolent Institution?During the late discussion in this city between George Thompson and Mr. Gurley, the former stated that the colored people were, as a body, opposed to colonization. When the colonization scheme was first promulged, Mr. T. said, three thousand colored people assembled in Philadelphia, to discuss the question, whether it was desirable to avail themselves of the offers made, and emigrate to Africa. When the question was stated,— 'As many as are in favor of going to Africa, as proposed by the Colonization Society, will signify it by saying— Aye.' A universal silence prevailed. 'As many as are of the contrary opinion, will say— No.' The house rang with one universal shout. Such a fact, added Mr. Thompson, ought forever to silence every advocate of colonization.Mr. Gurley, in his reply, said he never had heard of such a meeting in Philadelphia. Although the fact of such a meeting has, from the first, been the subject of public notoriety, yet to get testimony on the point from one present on the occasion, whom no one acquainted with him would doubt, I immediately wrote to James Forten, one of the most respectable and wealthiest business men in Philadelphia, though a gentleman of color, stating to him what Mr. Thompson had said, and Mr. Gurley's reply, and requested him to give me the facts in the case. In answer to this letter, I have received the following:—     he never had heard of such a meeting in Philadelphia    Philadelphia, June 10th, 1835. Philadelphia, June  th,   Rev. W.S. PORTER,— Dear Sir,— I cheerfully comply with the request contained in your note of the 3d inst., to give you a brief statement of a meeting held in 1817, by the people of color in this city, to express their opinion on the Liberia project. It was the largest meeting of colored persons ever convened in Philadelphia, I will say 3000, though I might safely add 500 more. To show you the deep interest evinced, this large assemblage remained in almost breathless and fixed attention, during the reading of the resolutions and other business of the meeting; and when the question was put in the affirmative, you night have heard a pin drop, so profound was the silence. But when in the negative, one long, loud, aye, TREMENDOUS NO, from this vast audience, seemed as if it would bring down the walls of the building. Never did there appear a more unanimous opinion. Every heart seemed to feel that it was a life and death question. Yes, even then, at the very onset, when the monster came in a guise to deceive some of our firmest friends, who [ ]ailed it as the dawning of a brighter day for our oppressed race,— even then, we penetrated through its thickly-laid covering, and beheld it prospectively as the scourge which in after years was to grind us to the earth, and by a series of unrelenting persecution, force us into involuntary exile.I was not a little surprised to learn that Mr. Gurley professed to be ignorant of this fact; for in the African repository, be reviewed Mr. Garrison's Thoughts on African Colonization; and a whole chapter of the work, if I mistake not, is taken up with the sentiments of the people of color on colonization, commencing with the Philadelphia meeting. Perhaps Mr. Gurley did not read that chapter. But if his memory is not very treacherous, he ought to have known the circumstance, for I related it to him myself in a conversation which I had with him at my house one evening in company with the Rev. Robert Breckenridge and our beloved friend, William Lloyd Garrison. The subject of colonization was warmly discussed; and I well recollect bringing our meeting of 1817 forward as a proof of our early and decided opposition to the measure. No doubt Mr. Garrison also remembers it.Three meetings were held by us in 1817. The two first you will find in the 'Thoughts on Colonization,' part 2d, page 9. Of the protest and remonstrance adopted at the third meeting, I send you an exact copy.* It is in answer to an address to the citizens of New York and Philadelphia, calling upon them to aid a number of persons of color, whom they said were anxious to join the projected colony in Africa. Those persons were mostly from the south, and it was to disabuse the public mind on this subject, that our meeting was held.I remain, with great respect.  Dear Sir, long, loud, life and death question          Yours,JAMES FORTON.    P.S. The following are the names of the committee appointed at the meeting in 1817, with power to call a general meeting whenever they thought it requisite, viz:Rev. Absalom Jones— deceased, Rev. Richard Allen— deceased, James Forten, Robert Douglass, Francis Perkins, Rev. John Gloucester— deceased, Robert Gordon, James Johnson, Quamoney Clarkson— deceased, John Sommerset— deceased, Randall Shepherd.JAMES FORTEN, Chairman. Russell Parrott, Secretary, deceased.      Chairman Secretary,   * Protest and Remonstrance of the People of Color of the City and County of Philadelphia against the Plan of Colonizing the Free People of Color of the United States, on the coast of Africa, At a very numerous meeting of persons of color on the 16th instant the following resolutions were unanimously adopted.   Whereas, an address to the citizens of Philadelphia and New York having been made through the medium of the public papers, by the agent of the American society for colonizing the free people of color on the coast of Africa, which address is made, it is said, in behalf of a number of people who are desirous of joining the projected colony in Africa, and who have made application to the American Colonization Society, for permission to be amongst its first colonists: But as a full and explicit expression of our sentiments and feelings, relative to the proposed plan of colonization, has already been submitted to the public, and as the views therein taken of the subject, were the result of cool and deliberate investigation, and as no circumstance has occurred since their adoption, to alter our opinion, but on the contrary, the reiterated expressions of some of the advocates of the measure, that it was foreign to their intentions, to interfere with a species of property which they hold sacred; and by the recent attempt to introduce slavery in all its objectionable features into the new states, and which has only been prevented by a small majority in the national legislature, confirms us in the belief that any plan of colonization without the American continent or islands, will completely and permanently fix slavery in our common country. It is, therefore, Whereas,    Resolved, That how clamorous soever a few obscure and dissatisfied strangers among us, may be in favor of being made presidents, governors, and principals, in Africa, there is but one sentiment among the respectable inhabitants of color in this city and county, which is, that it meets their unanimous and decided disapprobation. Resolved,    Resolved, That we are determined to have neither lot nor portion in a plan which we believe to be intended to perpetuate slavery in the United States. And it is, moreover, Resolved,    Resolved, That the people of color of Philadelphia, now enter and proclaim their solemn protest against the contemplated colony on the shores of Africa, and against every measure that may have a tendency to convey an idea that they give the project a single particle of countenance or encouragement. Resolved,     JAMES FORTEN, Chairman. Chairman.     RUSSELL. PARROTT, Secretary.Adopted in 1819. Secretary.      It should be remembered that all this was done eleven years before Garrison took up the cause of emancipation. In 1829, Garrison delivered a 4th of July oration in this city, before the Colonization Society. Thus we see what influence he could thus early have had in persuading the blacks to oppose the Colonization Society.    

        The second Anniversary of the Emancipation Act of Great Britain, which gave liberty to 800,000 slaves, will be observed by the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society by appropriate exercises at Julien Hall, this afternoon at half past 3 o'clock.    

      PHILADELPHIA, July 17, 18[ ]5.   My dear Sir— I send for insertion in the Liberator, a full report of the trial of Mary Gilmore, the interesting slave case, which has recently excited so much attention; the fact of her being a reputed white girl, gave to the case extraordinary interest, and great excitement was evinced both by our white and colored population as to the issue; and the decision of the judge was received with loud bursts of applause which could not be repressed. To the Indefatigable exertions of our esteemed friend Thomas Shipley, for seeking out, and bringing forward witnesses whose veracity could not be impeached, is mainly to be attributed the termination of the suit in the girl's favor, and the failure of a most outrageous attempt to deprive her of her liberty.You will see by the papers that Philadelphia has again been the scene of disgraceful riots. On Sunday afternoon, the 12th inst. an African servant, living with a gentlemen in this city, in a fit of insanity, attempted to kill him with an axe, this was the pretext for attacking the colored people in the district of Southwark, and even of multreating those who were peacefully walking along our streets. On Monday evening the rioters more than a thousand strong, attacked and done much violence in the same district, driving the defenceless victims of their fury from their homes in the middle of the night, and in many instances barely escaping with their lives, whilst their houses were plundered by these midnight ruffians, who in one instance, set fire to a row of buildings occupied wholly by colored persons, and endeavored to prevent its using extinguished. After much resistance, our firemen succeeded, though they were attacked with stones and clubs, the hose cut, and every effort made to prevent their putting out the flames. Is not this a dreadful state of things, that a whole community should be made to suffer for the act of one insane individual? But this is only a manifestation of that spirit which would drive us from the country, by rendering our lives and property insecure, and liable any moment to fall the victims of popular. Little sympathy is felt for us to judge from the press, which contents itself with recommending to the colored population, meekness and propriety of conduct, keeping within doors, &c. But we look in vain for a holy indignation at the base attempts on our lives and property, and a vindication of our rights, as a deeply injured and unoffending people.As I write in much haste, I cannot stop to continue this subject further. With great regard I am ever truly yours.         ----- -----.     

        MR. GARRISON— Permit me to recommend to the patronage of my colored brethren in Boston and its vicinity, and to their abolition friends, MR. HANNIBAL Lewis, as a skilful, industrious and excellent boot and shoe-maker, in despite of the color of his skin. His shop is in Brattle-street, No. 10.    CYRUS FOSTER.     

          Few cases that ever occupied the attention of a judicial tribunal in our community have excited a more lively and general interest, than that of Mary Gilmore, which was decided by his Honor Judge Randall, on Wednesday, 1st July Inst.The case came up under those provisions of the United States, of the Acts of Congress, and of an Act of Assembly of our own State, which gives the power and prescribe the modes to the holder of a SLAVE under the laws of any State, of seizing and removing such slave from the territory of any other State, in the event of his or her having absconded from the service of such holder.This case was signalized by one peculiarity which distinguished it from all others of its class, which have marked the annals of our jurisprudence. This was the singular, and it is believed, the unprecedented circumstance, of the complexion of the Respondent being to all appearances entirely white.The Respondent is a young woman of a modest and prepossessing appearance, who has lived from early infancy in this city. With a countenance strongly marked with the lines of sensibility, and in a dress modestly neat, her appearance on entering the Court Room and taking her seat before the Judges was strikingly calculated to enlist the sympathy of every spectator.The contest to her was a fearful one in its character, until a fuller developement of the evidence showed there was no cause of apprehension for its result. It was no less than a struggle on her part, for the dearest of all human blessings— personal liberty,— and on that of the Demandant to establish his claim to her person and property, as his slave for life.The history of the Respondent, as far as known, and as developed by the testimony given in the case, is briefly this:In South Sixth Street, near to Spruce Street, in this city, there has lived for upwards of twenty years past, a colored man named Jacob Gilmore, well known in the neighborhood and to our citizens generally, as a man of exemplary life and unimpeachable integrity. His business is that of a Baker and Confectioner, in which occupation, by a long course of industry and care, he has realized a handsome competency.Sometime previous to the year 1819, an old white woman had made repeated visits to Jacob's shop, to 'get stale cakes,' which, as a baker, he was in the habit of giving away, and which, as she alleged, she wanted for an infant child at home. Coming one day apparently with the same subject, she had with her a little girl about 3 or 4, and certainly not more than 5 years old, whom the requested of the wife of Gilmore to take and keep for her, being herself too poor to maintain it. Gilmore and his wife were in the habit (having none of their own) of taking little children to bring up— Mrs. Gilmore having consented that the child might stay, the old lady departed, leaving her with them. The child was then very small, and, to use the expression of a witness, 'not higher than the table'— was of a remarkably fine complexion— somewhat delicate and pretty. The white woman who brought it told them it was her own daughter, and it had in fact all the appearance of a white child. From that time to the present, the girl has continued with Gilmore, securing by her gentle, intelligent and affectionate demeanor, the affection of her benefactors in turn. She has grown up in happiness and contentment, with no wish beyond her duty, and the simple, orderly and religious household of her foster-father. She has been regularly adopted by him as his child, and is now the hair apparent to his estate, which is very considerable.The woman who brought the child to Gilmore is understood to have since died. She returned but once afterwards to see it, and then in a state of intoxication, when Gilmore supposed she came to take the child away. He spoke to her somewhat severely for coming in such a state, when she departed, and was never afterwards seen by other Gilmore or his wife, leaving the circumstances of the birth and parentage of the child, buried in profound mystery.The demandant, whose name is Robert Aitkins, resides in the city of Baltimore. The case upon which he relied for the establishment of his claim, was simply this:— About the year 1817 he was possessed of a mulatto woman, named Milly Winder, who had become his property from the estate of his father, under the law of Maryland, as a slave for life. At the period here referred to this woman gave birth to a female child, whose reputed father was a white man, since dead, then residing on terms of intimacy with, and in the family of Demandant. About two years after the birth of this child, the mother was emancipated by the voluntary dead of her master, in which emancipation, however, the child was not included. The child continued to live in Demandant's family until some time in the month of July, 1835, when it suddenly disappeared, at a period when its mother was absent on a visit to her relations, at Venice, some ninety miles from Baltimore. All traces of her existence were now lost to her master; who, after the usual efforts for her recovery, by advertising, &c. had relinquished the search, until lately, when he was informed by an old black woman, named Maria Conge, that his lost slave was residing in Philadelphia. On receipt of this intelligence, Mr. Aitkin prepared to visit this city for the purpose, if possible, of effecting her recovery. Still, as it would appear, however, mistrustful, various precautionary measures were taken; and when he came to Philadelphia, he was accompanied by several persons, one of whom was to act as the Agent for finding out, and identifying the girl, and will as witnesses for the demandant on the trial. Having arrived in this city on Friday, the 12th June, ult., the individual who had undertaken to identify the girl, having received his our from the old black woman, above mentioned, who also came as a witness— her residence being in Delaware proceeded, on the evening of the day they arrived, to the house of Gilmore where, as he alleges, he saw the respondent through the window without, however, venturing in. Not satisfied with this scrutiny, he returned in the morning to the place, and entered the shop of Gilmore, under pretence of making a purchase of some cakes, but, in reality, of getting a more satisfactory look at the respondent. In this however, he was disappointed, as she did not, at that time, make her appearance. He then feigning to have forgotten his money, went away without taking the cakes, and on the same day, the girl was arrested on the oath of the demandant, that she was his slave. Bell to the amount of $1.000 was demanded for her appearance before the Judge, on Monday morning for which her protector, Jacob Gilmore, having satisfied the Magistrate that he was worth over ten thousand dollars, was accepted as her surety.On Monday, June 18th, at the hour appointed for the hearing of the case, the parties appeared, accompanied by their respective counsel; and at half past one o'clock the hearing commenced. The case having been opened by the Counsel for defendant, William Swift and Maria Congo, the Agent and black woman, already mentioned, as witnesses, for the defendant, were sworn, and testified substantially to the fact above stated, in relation to the demandant's claim. [ ], moreover, in the course of his testimony, that he had seen Milly, the mother of the girl, as already stated, since his arrival in Philadelphia; but, on cross-examination, expressed his conviction that she could not again be found. In fact, it did not appear that there was any subsequent effort on the part of the demandant, to adduce this woman as a witness on the hearing. Both these witnesses swore positively to the identity of the respondent with the slave of demandant. On cross-examination, however, the woman Congo admitted that, although she had known her in Philadelphia for the last two years, she had never before intimated to her, or any one else, in Philadelphia, that she ever suspected her of being the slave of Mr. Aitkin. That she had not seen Milly, the alleged mother, for twelve years; that she was a frequent visitor at Gilmore's house, and that there was no particular mark by which she could identify the respondent. In this last particular the testimony of all the witnesses for demandant, agreed with that of Congo.After the examination of these witnesses, the case was adjourned until the next day, when the hearing was renewed at the usual hour. M.P. Mitchell of this city, was now sworn for demandant, and William Swift was called again on the part of respondent, to testify more particularly as to the place where he saw Milly in Philadelphia, and as to the reputed father of the child. A certified copy of the will of Andrew Aitkin, father of the demandant, was also produced on behalf of the demandant, dated 2d March, 1809. A copy of the Baltimore Commercial Chronicle of Aug. 27, 1825, containing an advertisement, in which the girl Emily is particularly described and a reward offered for her recovery by the demandant, was also produced. The counsel for the respondent denied the admissibility of either of these documents as evidence in the case; but the Judge, after argument, decided that they might be received. For the present the case of the demandant was here closed.Jacob Gilmore was then sworn on the part of the respondent, and testified in detail to the facts already mentioned, and in addition— that he had never heard of a woman named Milly as the mother of this girl— that on the contrary, the old lady who brought her to him told them she was the mother. He also testified that the woman Congo, who had acted as spy, informer, and witness for the demandant, had on several occasions been guilty of stealing both money and goods from his house,— and that Swift, the other witness for the demandant, had told him, when purchasing the cakes, that he (Swift) could neither read nor write, in consequence of which, he (Gilmore) got a blacksmith next door to make out the bill.On the examination in chief of Gilmore having closed, the hearing was adjourned until the next day at 10 o'clock.Wednesday, 17th June. On meeting at the hour appointed this day, the counsel for the demandant applied for a postponement of the further hearing of the case until some future day, on account of the public excitement— alleging that a riot had occurred the preceding night, in which two of the witnesses for the demandant had been severely injured: and that a paragraph had appeared in one of the daily journals of this city, tending to direct the public attention to this subject. D.P. Brown for the respondent, made some remarks, in which he did not object to a postponement, but denied the justness of the motives which had been advanced by the opposite counsel for asking for it. Judge Randall then stated, that on account of the extreme inconvenience to him, of attending to the jury trials of the Oyer and Terminer and Quarter Sessions, and this case simultaneously, he would be glad to adjourn the case to any future day that might be agreed upon. In consideration of this intimation of the Judge, the counsel for the respondent agreed to the proposition, and the hearing was then adjourned to Monday, 29th June, at 10 o'clock, A.M.On Monday, 29th June, ult. the parties again appeared with their witnesses and counsel, and at 10 o'clock the hearing was again renewed. During the interval since last hearing, the Demandant had engaged the services of E.D. Ingraham, in addition to those of his original counsel, and had taken other steps (in the way of further testimony,) calculated to advance the certainty of his success.Jacob Gilmore was again called up, and his cross-examination continued by the Counsel for Demandant. His cross-examination, elicited little besides what has already been stated, further than that it was in the warm season when the girl was brought to his house, and that his impression, at that time, from the story of the old woman and the appearance of the child, was, that she was entirely white. That she was a weakly child, and that he sent her to school. Witness himself was born in Bucks County, and brought up in Lancaster, Pa. He understood from his wife (who died about nine months ago) that the old woman who brought the child had died in the Alms-house. The child, in the early part of its living with them, was fretful, and by its infantine cries kept them awake at night, which made him desirous that the old woman would come and take it away. There was no understanding in relation to the child, between the witness and the woman who brought her, farther than that he expected her to come again and take her away.On re-examination by Respondent's counsel, witness said that to the best of his knowledge, she was brought to his house in 1820, but that he knew it was not so late as 1824. That he never heard a word from Maria Congo, nor any one else, in relation to Respondent being a slave, until the commencement of the present proceedings.George Witman was then sworn on the part of Demandant. Now resides 2 1-2 miles from Philadelphia, and as a Brickmaker; formerly resided in Baltimore, from 1818 to 1829; is acquainted with Demandant, and his father's family. Milly, the alleged mother, resided in the family of his (witness) father-in-law. Knew nothing of her having a daughter, but had been very recently informed by his wife that she had, and of the facts testified to by Demandant's witnesses. (Here the testimony was objected to by the respondent's counsel, as the only material part of it was merely what the witness had been told by his wife, and it was urged that the wife herself ought to be brought forward. At the intimation of the Judge however, it was concluded to allow witness to go on, as a matter of indulgence more than right, with an understanding that Mrs. Witman should be examined at a future period.) The witness then proceeded to state, that his wife had told him that she had seen and recognised the child belonging to Demandant, in 1826, in 6th street, in Philadelphia; witness did not know however that respondent is the girl his wife alluded to.Dr. James Aitkin was then sworn for demandant. Is the brother of demandant; resides in Baltimore; and in 1823— 4 resided in the family of demandant, who then had a young female slave named Emily, and her mother named Milly; the daughter of Milly was born in 1817, remained in the family till 1825, and then left, 'no person knew how.' Witness said he had not seen the girl from that time until he saw her arraigned as the respondent here. Her reputed father was named Fairbairn, and is dead. Looking at the respondent, witness said, 'I have no doubt of the identity, judging as I do of any other fact. 'As a physician and a physiologist, he would say, she was the offspring of a white father and a mulatto mother. That he knew the girl as soon as he saw her. There is no particular mark by which he could identify her. In the opinion he gave, witness said he judged from the features and complexion.(The advertisement was here offered in evidence. It was objected to by respondent's counsel, as being the statement of the demandant himself. The Judge decided that it might be received 'to prove that such an advertisement was published.' The copy of the advertisement offered was authenticated by the affidant of Wm. Pechin, Editor of the Chronicle. The advertisement appeared on the 24th Aug. 1825, and alleges the slave advertised to have been 8 or 9 years .ld.)It having been stated that Mrs. Witman objected to coming to court, and considerable anxiety being felt by all, after the statement by her husband, to hear her testimony, it was agreed that her deposition be taken at some convenient place and time, to be fixed upon by both parties. The counsel for the demandant then announced that the testimony on his part, was for the present closed, with the exception of that of Mrs. W.     entirely white.     personal liberty, person and property,             particular mark             at that time,   knew    had been told          (To be continued.)     

        Public worship every Sabbath, at the usual hours of public worship, and at half past 7 in the evening, in Ritchie Hall, 313, Washington street. Seats free. Sabbath morning prayer meeting at half past 5. Preacher next Sabbath, Rev. Mr. Root of Dover' N.H.    

      INCONSISTENCY. While the speakers at the colonization meeting in New-York were denouncing Mr. Thompson as a foreign emissary, they, at the same meeting, introduced Mr. Seys, an Englishman, to plead their cause.    

     NEW ESTABLISHMENT.    SR. ALEXANDER, has removed from Ann-street to Blackstone-street, south side, between Ann and Hanover-streets, where he has commenced the Boot and Shoe making business; and from the practical knowledge that he has had, he flatters himself to be able to please all who may favor him with their patronage. He would beg his friends and the public to call and see if the color of the skin makes any difference in fitting the foot.Boots and Shoes repaired with neatness and despatch.      Aug. 1.     

      FIRST ANNUAL REPORT OF THE OLD COLONY, PLYMOUTH COUNTY, ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.The Old Colony, Plymouth Co. Anti-Slavery Society has been in existence one year only. This is its first anniversary. The Society being in its infancy, it cannot be reasonably expected that our report will contain much of interest; but let us not 'despise the day of small things.' An interest in behalf of that class of our fellow-men who are unrighteously suffering under the yoke of the oppressor, has been excited, and the 'little leaven' is destined, doubtless, to 'leaven the whole lump.' For want of an agent or agents to go through the County and stir up the people, few additions have been made to the Society since its formation. For the same reason, Auxiliary Societies have been formed in but few towns. We have heard of the formation of Societies in the towns of Middleborough, Kingston, Scituate, Hanover and Halifax: if there exist others they have not been reported. (It is desirable, that all Societies, which have been, or may hereafter be formed, should be reported, together with the doings of the Societies, names of officers, number of members, &c, or a correct account of the state of the cause in the County cannot be furnished to the Parent Society; and it is hoped the Secretaries of all town Societies will transmit such report, annually, to the Secretary of this Society, by or before the 15th of June.)George Thompson, Esq. Rev. Mr. May, C.C. Burleigh, and Rev. Mr. Ripley of Marshfield, are the only individuals who have lectured in the County during the past year, so far as the information of your Board extends; and these individuals have lectured in but few towns. The majority of towns have not been visited by any agent. Mr. Thompson spent the 22nd of December, the anniversary of the landing of our Pilgrim Fathers, in Plymouth, and lectured in the Robinson Church to a respectable and attentive audience. In the evening, Mr. T. visited Kingston, and addressed the citizens of that town in the Evangelical Congregational Meeting-house. The house was literally full, and the audience was highly pleased with the eloquent address of the learned orator. Mr. Thompson has also lectured several times in Bridgewater, much to the satisfaction of the people there. Several attempts have since been made to obtain Mr. Thompson to visit the Old Colony again, but thus far, owing to the numerous and pressing calls upon his benevolence in other parts of the State and in other States, without success. Rev. Mr. May, an agent of the Massachusetts Society, has delivered one lecture in the 1st Cong. Church in Plymouth, (Rev. Dr. Kendall's) which was spoken of in terms of approbation. It was expected that Mr. May would have visited other towns, and we have been disappointed in not having the privilege of his services as was anticipated. We have been unable to obtain, with all our exertions, a competent agent, until within the past week, when, unexpectedly Mr. Burleigh was sent by the Parent Society. Mr. Burleigh has lectured every night since his arrival, in the towns of Plymouth, Kingston, Middleborough, Halifax and Plympton, and through his instrumentality, doubtless much good has been done. He was every where well received, and found quiet, respectable and peaceable assemblies.As there has been no report received from any of the societies which have been formed, we are unable to give an account of the number of persons who have united with the several Societies. We learn by verbal report, that the Kingston Society numbers about 80 members, has been formed about six months, and is in a prosperous condition. Monthly meetings are held, and the concert of prayer has usually been observed. The Board feel that the observance of stated monthly meetings, and of the concert of prayer are, both, valuable auxiliaries in promoting the good cause in which we are engaged: they deem it also important that the same course should be pursued in the Anti-Slavery, as in the Temperance cause: let members of Anti-Slavery Societies who are capable, (and there are many such persons,) prepare addresses and deliver them in their own and in neighboring towns.It may not be unimportant to repeat what many Anti-Slavery reports have noticed, viz. the liberation of 800,000 slaves in the British dominions, which occurred on the 1st of August last. When that glorious triumph of principle over self-interest and avarice took place, slavery received its death-blow. All the objections now existing and commonly urged in our land against the doctrine of immediate emancipation, existed a short time since in England: but they were obviated: those terrible bugbears to the weak and credulous, vanished before the arguments, and appeals to justice and equity of the champions of Liberty, like the dew before the rising summer's sun. England has set an example which must produce its effect upon the world.  Slavery must die; struggle it may, struggle it will, for its opponents have to contend with self-interest, with avarice, with political aspirants, and with the mistaken fears and prejudices of the members of Christ's own body; but enlightened Christians, might as well plead for War as Slavery; they will soon cease to plead for it: more, every true member of Christ's spiritual kingdom will soon plead and pray for its extinction, its final termination: every true patriot and philanthropist will soon plead for its extinction: political aspirants too, will ere long hope to secure a place in the nation's councils, by espousing, professedly at least, the cause of the oppressed.Anti-Slavery Societies are being formed in almost all parts of the Union. Kentucky and Ohio even, have their State Societies which have been formed within the past year. We mention them in this report, as an encouragement to perseverance, and to show the triumphs of Anti-Slavery principles in the neighborhood of slavery and where slavery exists. Hon. Mr. Birney of Kentucky has been raised up, with the spirit of a Moses, to combat with the prejudices of his friends and the slaveholder. Already has he been instrumental of causing his influence on this subject, to be felt throughout the length and breadth of the land. We have felt it in the far distant pilgrim land; his letters on Colonization have been purchased and distributed by this Society, and they have convinced multitudes of the inefficiency of the scheme of expatriation; and multitudes have abandoned the scheme, not because they wished to put down, as some have asserted, a benevolent plan: but because they have seen that such a plan as Colonization interfered with the doctrine of immediate emancipation, and must be given up, before the consciences of the slaveholder could be made to feel that slave holding in all cases and under all circumstances, is Sin: if it be sin to 'steal a man and sell him,' it is sin to keep a stolen man; not a misfortune, as the Colonization scheme insists.The recent discussion between Mr. Gurley, the Colonization agent, and Mr. Thompson, has, undoubtedly, done good. It was carried on in a spirit of christian candor and meekness, and the result will be doubtless in favor of immediate emancipation. The discussion was Impartially published by B.F. Hallett, Esq. and has been pretty extensively circulated. The kindness and meekness with which Mr. Thompson received the charge of being a 'foreigner,' and his reply to the charge was admirable.In addition to Mr. Birney's letters mentioned above, the Society has purchased and distributed a number of copies of Phelps' lectures: these (Birney's letter and Phelps's lectures) with some numbers of the Abolitionist, are all the information which has been circulated in the form of tracts or volumes. The Board would recommend that measures be adopted to circulate more extensively and abundantly, those publications of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society which are now to be had at their office in Boston; and they would also recommend to the friends of the cause to give their support to the Liberator, which is the principal vehicle of intelligence of all the Anti-Slavery Societies in New-England, and worthy of patronage.In concluding this short and imperfect report, the Board beg leave to add, the necessity there is of ample funds to carry forward the work in which we are engaged. Agents must be obtained, and they must also be renumerated for their services. Information must be circulated. The Parent Society call on us for aid; they are endeavoring to distribute extensively all the information possible; they need more Agents, for all they now have are constantly employed, and cannot fulfil the demands made upon them, and those already employed must be paid. The American Society at their last anniversary, proposed to raise the sum of $30,000 during the present year; and with a commendable liberality, the sum of $15,000 was immediately subscribed and contributed on the spot; and the Massachusetts Society, at their late meeting in Boston, with a no less commendable spirit of generosity raised about $6000. One individual deposited in the contribution box a $1000 United States Bank bill. Numbers gave their $100, and their $50, as cheerfully as the miser pockets what the contrives to get hold of, caring for nobody but his own dear self— benevolence prompting them to feel and to act for the poor and oppressed, and not to 'shut up their bowels of compassion.' May the same generosity pervade the hearts of all engaged in this benevolent enterprise; and may the time speedily arrive, when every yoke shall be broken, and when we shall not be called on to contribute to the support of the Anti-Slavery cause, nor be taxed for the support of Slavery.Finally, it is our painful duty to announce the recent death of the First Vice President of this Society, Doctor Charles Macomber of Marshfield. In his death the society has lost a valuable and useful member, the community a worthy and much respected, as well as useful citizen and physician, and his family a kind, affectionate, and beloved relative.Respectfully submitted by order of the Board,   doubtless, should   peaceable   stated monthly meetings, concert of prayer   death-blow now our immediate emancipation, champions of Liberty, must world  Slavery must die; struggle it may, struggle it will, enlightened Slavery; soon more, true soon   inefficiency expatriation; not benevolent plan: Sin: sin sin keep stolen man; not a misfortune,     worthy of patronage.   must feel act taxed        GEORGE RUSSELL, Cor. Sec. Cor. Sec.   Plymouth, Mass. July 4th, 1835.     

        THE subscriber returns his sincere thanks to his friends and customers generally, for the patronage they have bestowed upon him, and wishes to inform them that he has removed from No. 99 South Second street, to No. 37 South 3d street, where he hopes by assiduity to business to merit a continuance of the same.    JOHN BOWERS, Sen.   Philadelphia, August 1st, 1835.— 4t.     

        FRIEND GARRISON,— I have been much interested lately in reading a little book entitled 'Memoir of James Jackson, the attentive and obedient scholar, who died in Boston, October 31, 1833, aged six years and eleven months. By his teacher, Miss. Susan Paul.'Please print the following passages, that your readers may see something of the character of the little boy, as well as the style in which the Memoir is written.'James thought he should be glad to keep the holy Sabbath, just as the Lord would have him. A few Sabbaths after James had learned this command, his mother put some coffee into the coffee mill, and told him to grind it for breakfast. James took the mill and began to turn, but soon he almost stopt, and seemed thinking of something; his sister seeing this, said, 'Ma, shall I grind the coffee for you?' After a moment, her mother said, 'Yes, I guess you must; James is lazy this morning.' James looked mildly on his mother, a tear glistening in his eye, (for he was grieved at the words of reproach from his mother,) and said, 'Ma, did I not split wood for you yesterday?' 'Yes, James, but that has nothing to do with grinding the coffee this morning.' 'Well, Ma, is not this the Sabbath?' 'Yes.' Then James said to his mother, 'The commandment says, Remember the Sabbath, to keep it holy; and thou shalt not do any work in it; and now, Ma, ought I to grind the coffee?' His mother was so much surprised at the thoughtful conscientiousness of the child that she hesitated for a moment, while James sat the mill down upon the floor. Then his mother said, 'Well, James, you need not grind the coffee if you feel so about it.' In a short time, James learned from his teacher, what was proper to be done on the Sabbath. So he was very careful not to do any work which was not necessary on that holy day.' pp. 61, 62, 63.'His strength was greatly diminished by his severe pain, and exertion in talking; so that for some time he remained silent, and seemed in great distress; for sometimes a half suppressed groan would escape him, in spite of all his efforts.While he was in this state, the physician came in, and after remaining a few moments by his bed-side, he went to another part of the room, where James could not see him. James asked his mother if the doctor had gone; when he was told he had not, 'Well,' said he, 'I want to see him.' The doctor came to the bed-side, and said, 'What do you want, James?' He replied, 'I want to know if you love God, my Saviour.'  'What did you say, James,' said the doctor. James repeated, with as much strength as he could, 'Do you know God, my Saviour?' The doctor was filled with surprise, and as he turned his face from the little sufferer, he exclaimed, 'That is a happy child;' while James said, 'He called little children to him and blessed them.” pp. 77, 78.And who published this little memoir? James Loring. And why, he? Perhaps the following items will furnish an answer. The manuscript was prepared by Miss. Paul, offered to the Baptist Sabbath School Society to publish, that Society declined doing it. Mr. Loring, having read the manuscript, and anxious that it should be printed, paid Miss. Paul for the copy-right, and then published it on his own responsibility. Since its publication, both the Baptist and the Orthodox Congregational Sabbath School Societies have refused to keep the book at their depositories for sale. Why they do this, when they keep for sale a great variety of other books not published by themselves, is known best to the individuals concerned. Doubtless, they have as they think, good and sufficient reasons for it. It is to be hoped they are such as will stand the test of the judgment day.  For, when little James shall stand up before the throne, and the question shall be put, why did you not aid as you might in giving circulation to the history of my work of grace in this lamb of the flock? it surely will be a solemn matter, if, as the reasons are rendered, the judge shall set them aside as vain and nugatory, and then utter the sentence, 'inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the LEAST of these MY brethren, ye did it not to ME'But not to dwell— my object in this communication is not to call any one to account before his time, but merely to advertise your readers of the existence of such a book; and to request of all the true friends of the colored people that they will forthwith possess themselves of a copy for their own families, and also take special pains to see that at least one or two copies are put into the library of their respective Sabbath Schools. There should be one or two copies in every sabbath school in the state, and as they cannot get into them through the regular channels (the Depositories) let every true friend of the colored man see to it, that they get into the school with which he is connected by his instrumentality. The book is a simple memoir, not of a party character, thoroughly evangelical in its sentiments, and written in a style that would do honor to any lady in the land. And now, that it may not be said that I recommend to others what I do not practice, I will simply add, that recently in a little social meating that I attended, I stated the above facts, and the money for eighteen copies of the book was paid down on the spot, and to-day I have had the pleasure of laying the money out in purchasing them for the friends who thus advanced the money. Reader, go thou and do likewise— ay, and better too. The book can be obtained at the Anti-Slavery Office, and of James Loring, Bookseller, No. 132, Washington-street.One whose heart has been warmed with the simple story of little James.     this morning.' not do any     love God, my Saviour.'  'That is a happy child;'   such as will stand the test of the judgment day.  why did you not aid as you might in giving circulation to the history of my work of grace in this lamb of the flock? 'inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the LEAST of these brethren, ye did it not to   true eighteen copies      

     WATER PARTY.    MRS. TELFORD gives notice to her friends and acquaintance that she intends having a respectable Water Party, next Wednesday, August five, if the weather is Fair, if not, the first fair day. The party will start from Long What at 8 o'clock, precisely. Price $1. Mrs. Telford solicits the patronage of her friends, as every effort will be made to give general satisfaction.    RACHEL TELFORD.   Boston, August 1, 1835.     

        Friend Garrison,— About two years ago the subject of emancipation deeply interested the students connected with the institution under my care. At which time we organized ourselves under the name of the Bennington Anti-Slavery Society, auxiliary to the N.E.A.S.S. The 4th of July being our anniversary, our Speaker gave notice that he should endeavor to support the following resolution:—Resolved. That the American Colonization Society is unworthy of the patronage and support of the American people.Some of our Colonization friends, feeling unwilling to have the claims of their Society to public patronage investigated, requested the speaker a short time before the meeting to wave his resolution and speak from another topic. This request was acceded to, though with some reluctance. The audience, at the time of the meeting, being apprized of the change in the subject for discussion, an individual immediately arose and stated that he had come for the express purpose of becoming acquainted with the claims of the Colonization Society, and moved that the speaker be permitted to proceed in accordance with the public notice that had been previously given. This motion was seconded by several other gentleman, and although strenuously opposed by come of our colonization friends, it was very unanimously adopted. The speaker then proceeded in a very clear and lucid manner, to substantiate the position which he had taken. After the Address was concluded, the following resolution was offered and supported at some length:—Resolved, That the principles of Anti-Slavery are such as to commend themselves to all the lovers of liberty and human rights.The Society and the School then adjourned, to give opportunity for the organization of a Town Society, in accordance with a notice previously given. A constitution was then presented, having been subscribed by 140 members. The following is the copy of the constitution:—Whereas the God of Nature has made of one blood all nations of men; and whereas the American Declaration of Independence sets forth the vital self-evident truth, that liberty is the unalienable right of all men; and whereas more than two millions of this nation are held in bondage; and whereas that slavery is contrary to natural justice, the dictates of humanity, and the rights of man, and therefore ought to be immediately abolished; and whereas the north, equally as the south, are bound to use all moral and peaceable means to remove the common evil; and whereas we believe that an enlightened public sentiment is the only proper and effectual remedy. We agree to unite ourselves in a society under the following    Resolved.     Resolved,            Article 1st. This society shall be called the Bennington Anti-Slavery Society, auxiliary to the American Anti-Slavery Society.Art. 2d. The object of this society shall be the abolition of slavery, and the legal, moral, and intellectual improvement of our colored population.Art. 3d. The plan on which this society shall act to effect its object, shall be to assist in the diffusion of light on the subject of slavery and emancipation, with a view to reform public opinion, to use those measures which have been most effectual in abolishing intemperance, and any other sin, as the case may require, not violating the spirit of the Gospel.Art. 4th. Any person may become a member of this society by subscribing to its principles and contributing to its funds.Art. 5th. The officers of this society shall be a President, Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer, who shall constitute a board of managers to transact the business of the society, and shall be annually elected.Art. 6th. The annual meeting of this society shall be held on the 4th day of July, when it does not occur on the Sabbath, otherwise on the 3d day.Art. 7th. This constitution may be amended at any annual meeting by a concurrence of two thirds of the members present.The following individuals were then chosen officers:—President— Stephen Hinsdale.Vice President— Benjamin Webb.Secretary— James Ballard.Treasurer— Uriah Edgerton.A subscription was then opened to obtain funds for the gratuitous distribution of the publications of the A.A.S.S. Thus you see, my dear friend, that the Green Mountain Boys who fought so bravely to achieve our Independence, are not insensible to the groans of two and a half millions of their countrymen. Article  st.   Art.  d.   Art.  d.   Art.  th.   Art.  th.   Art.  th.   Art.  th.     President   Vice President   Secretary   Treasurer      JAMES BALLARD, Secretary. Secretary.   Bennington, July 4, 1835.  Bennington, July    

        MRS. F. WILES respectfully informs her friends and the public that they can always he comfortably accommodated at her house, No. 152, Church Street, New-York.      July 25, 1835.     

      At a regular organized meeting of the board of managers of Dorchester Anti-Slavery Society, the following resolutions were unanimously adopted:—Resolved, That the thanks of this society be presented to the Rev. E.M.P. Wells, for his kindness in attending their 4th of July celebration; reading the Declaration of Independence, and his very impressive and appropriate remarks on the same.Resolved, That the thanks of this society be presented to Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, for his highly interesting and eloquent addresses on the same occasion, for the interest and zeal he manifested in the great and holy cause of freedom, and especially his many and esteemed favors, gratuitously bestowed, in behalf and for the prosperity of this society.Resolved, That the thanks of this society be presented to the Rev. Messrs. Sanford, Hall and Crandall, for their very appropriate services. Also, to Mr. Coburn, for his spirited and excellent music on the occasion.Resolved, That the above proceedings be signed by the President and Secretary, and published in the Liberator and such other papers as are friendly to the cause.(Signed)    Resolved, E.M.P. Wells,   Resolved, William Lloyd Garrison,   Resolved,   Resolved,      SAML. MULLIKEN, President. President.   ORIN P. BACON, Rec. Secretary.Dorchester, 20th July, 1835.  Rec. Secretary.   Dorchester,  th July,    

            'Wouldst hear a story, my gentle child?' The fair one sprung to her mother's knee,Shook back her curls, looked up and smiled,And paused to hear what the tale might be.In ages past on our earth was seen,A stranger fair of a gentle mien.He oft was seen in the desert wild, And his locks were wet with the evening dew;He stood by the couch of the dying child, And the hue of health on its young check grew:Wherever the sick or the wretched were,The holy Saviour was sure to be there.And once, when the multitude round him pressed, He was seen on the lowly earth to write;But the mystic words on its velvet breast, Were shrouded forever from mortal sight.The letters were filled with a strange, kind love,A blending of earth with the heaven above.The words are gone, but their spirit remains To hallow the beautiful things below;From the mountain top to the living plains, They are breathed in melody soft and low:They come o'er the soul like a spell of love,A rapturing strain from the harps above.They are felt when we look where the young flowers spring, And their beauty and fragrance are round us spread;When we list to the song that the wild birds sing, As they hop in the branches above our head;And we feel our spirits are upward home,With a feeling of love to our Father's throne—When we look to the sky with its starry dome, And its drapery hung from the fleecy cloud,And the spirit longs for a purer home, Till the hymning stars seems to sing aloud,And the soul is wrapt in a dream sublime,And peoples with life that starry clime.But most when we look with pitying eye, On the weakness and guilt of our brother man;And leaving the frail to the Judge on high, Forbear too severely our neighbor to scan:—O, then the words on the heart are inscribed,Which the earth from the finger of God imbibed. Portland, March 25, 1835.                                               heart    Portland, March    E.     

      New-England Institution for the education of the Blind, July 27, 1835 New-England Institution for the education of the Blind, July   To the Editor of the Liberator:Sir,— I saw by your paper of last week that Mrs. Child's had published her letter to me before she received my answer.In that letter, she brings certain charges against the Trustees of this Institution, and hastens to publish it, before they can be refuted. To say that I was surprised by such conduct on her part, would be to say that I did not know her.I should have been deterred by courtesy, and by my high respect for the talents of the lady, from laying any part of our correspondence before the public, but since she chooses to make a public attack upon the Institution under my charge, it seems my duty to repel it.My letter was not written, however, for the public; it was intended for Mrs. C. alone, and if she should object to its publication, you are at liberty to suppress it: if not, you will of course give place to answer to such an attack.I take this opportunity of saying that I shall avoid all farther newspaper discussion of the subject; any reasonable man— any friend of blacks and whites, if he applies here, can receive satisfactory proofs from the books of the Institution, that the Trustees not only never refused to admit persons on account of color— but that they have had their reception in view, and made preparation for it.  To the Editor of the Liberator:             Yours truly,SAMUEL G. HOWE.       

           Bravely! Bravely heave at the oar, Speed, speed away to the misty shore, Black is the cloud that hangs o'er our lec, Ready to pour its wrath on the sea, And our trim bark is all too light, To meet the tempest in its might.Pull men, pull, yield your strength to the oar;Pull men, pull, loud the distant winds roar. The Frigate Birds* by instinct led, Have left their relling, wat'ry bed, And steadily and calmly sail Above the sweep of the swelling gale; The Petrelst** too, have quit their rest Upon the blue wave's milky crest.Pull, my lads, pull, ere the wind takes her,Pull my lads, pull, ere the swell rakes her. The sun-dog dress'd in blue and green, This morning in the sky was seen, And round the moon at overnight, Appear'd a halo large and bright— Sure omens of disastrous blow, As skilful mariners well know.Pull men, pull, you breakers run high;Pull men, pull, we must pass them or die. When the night falls, no star's soft ray Will light our broad and pathless way, Nor fitful beacon kindly mark The Isle that lies before our bark, For there no human pilgrim rests; There sea-birds only, build their nests.Pull men, pull, ere the darkness of nightConceals the land from our feeble sight. In cravens danger wakens fear, The brave are bravest when 'tis near, Pull men pull, there's no craven bere. Pull men, pull, thro' the hissing swell! Pull men, pull, make ev'ry stroke tell! Pull men, pull with heart and hand, One effort more will win the strand.—We ground!— high up our bark is driven!We're safe!— let's offer thanks to Heaven!                                                * From the immense size of the wings of these birds, they raise themselves high in the air, and while the storm rages below, can look down from their elevated retreat, where they enjoy a perfect calm. on the furious agitation of the elements beneath them. They are called by many, 'Man-o-War Birds.'    ** Petrels are said to be most active in storms, or when tempests are approaching; for which reason their appearance is always unwelcome to sailors.    

      COHASSET, July 23, 1835.   Mrs. CHILDS:—Madam,— Your very polite and courteous letter of the 18th, is just received.Although its language and tenor, emanating from a spirit which would fain make even black appear white, might fairly excuse me from the trouble of responding, I will nevertheless do so.And first, as touching your first assertion; I do not doubt, Madam, that at the Anti-Slavery Convention in May, 1834, it was stated that a boy had been refused admission to the Institution for the Blind, on account of his color; but surely you would not expect the world was to believe it upon such authority.As for what was stated at said Convention, about my 'candid admission,' it was just such a garbled, one sided, and uncharitable statement, as some people delight in forming their opinions upon.I always stated, that I considered it to be the imperative duty of the Trustees, to admit colored pupils as soon as possible; but among the disadvantages attendant upon such reception, I have mentioned the effect it would have in keeping away many who might otherwise be benefitted. The minor parts of my statement, however, were all that could be of service in the business of agitating and exciting the passions, and those alone were laid before the Convention.In answer to the whole of your first position, I simply reiterate the assertion in my first note.In the second place, you quote a letter from Mr. Davenport, dated Jan. 13, 1834. Upon this I have only to remark, that the case is not stated fairly or fully; I believe Mr. Davenport knew it was an imperfect, a partial, and disengenuous statement; I know that he did not avail himself of invitations of individual Trustees to visit this Institution, and learn the true state of the case. As to what Mr. D. says, about his understanding from a third person, that I made such and such objections, I would confidently appeal to any other person than yourself, Madam, whether it is evidence upon which to found conviction.In the third place, as to the conversation between Mrs. B**** and yourself, I assert that the sentiments attributed to me, they were never by me uttered in the sense there given them. And I have the authority of Dr. Fisher for saying, that none such were never uttered by him. That gentleman, Madam, positively denies that any such conversation ever passed between Mrs. B. and himself as you repart in your letter.'Now it appears to me, these facts being true, the writer of said poetry had' not 'abundant foundation in truth to suppose a colored mother felt the refusal keenly.'You next make the modest supposition that the gentlemanly and philanthropic men composing the Board of Trustees, were driven to their vote of admission of colored pupils, by the piece of poetry* in question: this is a truly charitable supposition indeed! but Madam, if you had taken as much pains to inquire into the truth of the case, as you say you did, to find out the author of the poetry, you would lay no such flattering unction to the soul: I never heard of the existence of the poetry, until within a few months; and yet they passed their vote unanimously on the 3d October, 1833!The fact is, Madam, when the subject was first brought before the Trustees, (in consequence I believe of Mr. Davenport's application,) it was immediately committed in course to a Committee; at the next monthly meeting, that Committee (Dr. Fisher and Homans) reported that it was the duty of the Board to receive colored pupils; and the Board accepted the Report by an unanimous vote. The subject has ever been kept steadily in view; the accommodation of a greater number of pupils, and particularly of colored ones, has been a strong inducement to incur the heavy outlay of funds now making, for extension of premises; and sufficient reasons can be given to any one, dispassionate enough to hear reason, why colored pupils cannot be admitted until the ensuing autumn.I feel certain that the Trustees are, and have been willing to give satisfaction to any candid inquiries. I am not a member of the Board, but I trust they have spirit enough however, to disregard alike questions or accusations, which are intended only to excite and agitate the public mind, by those whose daily food is excitement, and who can breathe but in the whirlwind of passion.In answer to my allusion to the heartburnings and jealousies existing among the friends of the blacks, you say you know nothing about them, for you find among your friends 'perfect unanimity of purpose and action, with fulness of brotherly love.'  There are many diseases you know, Madam, of the existence of which the patient is totally unaware; besides, the assertion is entirely superfluous on your part, for no one ever supposed you admitted the possibility of good being done except in your way; no one ever imagined you would associate with those who think differently from you; and no one will conceive that you should follow the exploded doctrine, audire alteram partem.As for your closing sentence, Madam— for that which you intended to be the 'unkindest cut of all,'— I should have been at a loss to conceive your meaning, had I not recollected the trite maxim, that people judge others by themselves.'With kind wishes for your health, prosperity and happiness,'I am, Madam, respectfully yours,    Madam, polite courteous   black white,   stated believe     many those alone     knew know his understanding from a third person, any other person   they were never by me uttered in were never uttered by him. positively denies   not   modest charitable the  d October,   unanimous     your with fulness of brotherly love.'  you you you audire alteram partem.          SAMUEL G. HOWE.     * The poetry was first published, as far as I can learn, within the current year, 1835.    

       'Making a worship of the beautiful.'    How beautiful this world of ours,Its autumn hues and summer flowers,Its waving fields of ripen'd grain,Its twilight shade, on hill and plain;Beautiful its sparkling floods,And its leafy, solemn woods,And its morn when o'er the brake,All its songsters first awake.How beautiful— the starry night,When its meek and mellowed lightStealing through the trees is seen,On the jocund village green;Beautiful the dreams of sleep,When the spirit, wrapt and deep,Wanders 'neath Lethean spell,To a land where angels dwell.And, O! how beautiful to see,Love's unchang'd fidelity,Hearts that beat through good and ill,True, and fond, and faithful still;Beautiful, when years have sped,O'er the parent's honored head,Is the watchful care we blessIs a child's devotedness.How beautiful— the quenchless power,Unsubdued in darkest hour,Unseduced when fortune's beam,Gaily gilds life's varying stream;Virtue— thine this glorious away,Thou the gem of fairest ray,Thou the fairest flower we call,Crown of all— most beautiful.                                      

      ANDOVER THEO. SEMINARY, July 27, 1835.   Mr. Editor— 'He that is first in his own cause seemeth just; but his neighbor cometh and searcheth him.' Some four or five communications from individual students in this Seminary, have been published, in different papers, ostensibly giving a true account of the late meetings held here by Messrs. Thompson and Phelps, and of the effects which were produced. Lest the friends of the slave abroad should consider the state of affairs at Andover hopeless in respect to the cause of abolition, I would beg leave to say a few words through the columns of your excellent paper. Those who judge of Mr. Thompson and of his success here, from the letters published in the Boston Courier, signed C. or from the letter that appeared in the New-York Journal of Commerce, the last week, will exceedingly misjudge. Perhaps are long, the friends of the cause may receive very different news from Andover. I will only say for the present that by far the larger proportion of the students in the Academies in this place are decided abolitionists. A great majority of those in the Seminary are also friendly to the cause. Nearly one half of the whole number are firm and decided advocates of the doctrine of immediate emancipation, and believe that they have a duty to perform in relation to the subject. As the students of Philips Academy are prohibited by its laws from the formation of an Anti-Slavery Society while members of that institution, fifty-two of them have taken a dismission. The average age of those who have left, is about twenty-one, and the most of them pious.The abolitionists here are generally calm and unexcited, though very firm and decided. But some of those who differ with us in opinion, and especially those who have largely developed the bump of philopromaternitiveness, are extremely sensitive and excitable. Every lecture on abolition, and every private discussion of the principles of immediate emancipation seems to bring on a kind of monomania. They set to raving in defence of Colonization, pouring out their vituperations against abolitionists, both men and measures, in the richest profusion.  exceedingly misjudge   philopromaternitiveness,    OBSERVATOR.     

      Our birth is but a starting place,Life is the running of the race, And death the goal;There all our steps at last are brought,That alone, of all unsought, Is found of all.         

        'To the Citizens of Richmond and Henrico:'You have already seen that the Abolitionists of the North and East have again rallied, reorganized, and taken a decided stand. It is high time, therefore, that we should meet them promptly, and for this purpose a meeting of the citizens will be held at the Capitol, on Friday next, at 4 P.M. to which every citizen of Richmond and Henrico, is most respectfully invited.'As the property and safety of every man is in danger, it is hoped that a general attendance will be had.        MANY CITIZENS.'   PUBLIC MEETING. The meeting at the Capitol yesterday, was one of the largest we have ever seen on any occasion, and the feeling of indignation at the impudent interference of the Northern Abolitionists was general and strong.A series of resolutions on the subject, were offered by Mr. Robert T. Wicker, but were afterwards withdrawn, and the whole matter is to be submitted to a discreet and able committee. The committee are to make their report on the 4th of August— Richmond Compiler, July 25.    Richmond Compiler, July    

            1. A good wife must possess a large share of what is called 'common sense.' She must know by a kind of instinct how to act on every emergency— catch as it were by inspiration, the leading features in the characters and dispositions of the individuals, old or young, friends or strangers, to whom she is introduced, and with whom she is to act statedly or occasionally. Without this, every other talent she may possess, and every attainment she may have acquired, will be of little use either to herself or to her family.2. A good wife must be distinguished for self-command. A wife is at the head of a little society, in which are all the elements of every kind of society. But all these elements are here, in an unformed, and forming, and most fluctuating state. Hence, the first and most important lesson to be studied, and to be acquired by the individual who presides over a society in this state is, that she have, on all occasions, the most perfect command of herself.3. Industry and economy form a third distinguishing feature in the character of a good wife. This is the leading feature in the detail which is given us by the spirit of inspiration, Prov. xxxi. 10— end. It will be well for our country, and for our world, when this passage of holy writ shall be fully understood by every mother and daughter of our land. Happy would it have been this day for the British nation, and for these United States, had this passage been made the text book for female education, instead of the large importations which have been made of teachers, and of systems of education, and of maxims and habits from Italy and France.The industry and economy of a wife, is particularly exhibited in having all the intervals of time, within the whole range of her government, filled up with some necessary and profitable employment, and in taking special care of fragments of time and fragments of property.4. A good wife is an affectionate woman. The law of love and sincerity is written upon her heart; and in her tongue is the law of kindness. Every domestic, and every friend, and every stranger, and the friend of every distant friend and acquaintance, finds himself immediately at home while under her roof, and while partaking of her hospitality. Nor in all her intercourse with strangers or with acquaintances, does she cherish a thought or willingly utter a syllable with the design of injuring the feelings or the character of a single human being. She will not take up, much less will she give circulation to a reproach against her neighbor, though this reproach should be brought to her table, or whispered to her in her bed-chamber.5. A good wife is of domestic habits, and of a domestic disposition. She enjoys herself no where so well as under her own roof, and while attending to her own private affairs. Her husband and her children, and the daily, ordinary cares of the family, occupy her chief earthly attention. She is a good neighbor, and can always enjoy a good neighbor, whether at home or abroad. But her own family is her peculiar and special province, and she has no desire to meddle with the domestic arrangements of any of her sister sovereigns. When she enters a neighboring family, it is to administer in some form to their comforts, not to embarrass them with their friends. Let wives, and mothers, and young women who expect soon to be at the head of households, read and study attentively 1 Tim. v. 9&#15014.One sinner destroys much good. One busy, tattling woman, whether married or single, is enough to destroy all the social comforts of many families. And on the other hand, one prudent woman may be worth a thousand in preserving all that is valuable in the social intercourse of a village, or city, or neighborhood. Read and study the history of Abigail, 1 Sam. xxv. and of the woman of Tekoah, 2 Sam. 1— 20, and of the wise woman mentioned in 2 Sam. xx. 16-22.6. All these and similar qualifications in the good wife must be associated with the possession and the exercise of genuine and ardent piety. The description of a good wife in the Bible already referred to, closes with these important words: 'Favor is deceitful and beauty is vain, but a woman that feareth the Lord, she shall be praised.'Infidels themselves, with very few exceptions, acknowledge the importance and necessity of piety among females. Take a sense of religion from a female, and she is an object of abhorrence even to those who are themselves polluted with every crime; and while many wicked fathers are by both precept and example initiating their own sons, and other young men, into all the elements of irreligion and debauchery, they shudder at the very thought of their wives and their daughters not being under the influence of the religion and morality of the Bible. If a little of this good thing then be of such vital importance, even with those who personally know nothing of its value, of what value must it be, when it shall be the leading and the commanding principle of action in those upon whose fidelity and activity, and daily and hourly labors, the welfare and the enjoyment of the whole community must, in every generation and in every state of society, from the very nature of things, depend? If a man is to be happy any where on earth, it must be in the bosom of his own family, rejoicing with the wife of his youth. And we repeat it, if a little of genuine piety, or of what may be only the semblance of genuine piety, be of such value in the estimation of those who personally know nothing of it, of what value must that wife be to her husband and to her family, whose piety is always ardent, and incorporated with all her plans and all her movements?Genuine and ardent piety is of the utmost importance for the personal support and comfort of a good wife. She has in all her plans and in all her movements, her peculiar difficulties— difficulties which in many cases she can communicate to no human being— and difficulties also which, when known to others, can be removed or alleviated only by the favor and the goodness of the Almighty. To her Father who is in heaven she must often look for direction and assistance, when neither father, nor mother, nor husband, nor any earthly friend can help in the least degree. Every pious wife and mother is familiar with the experience of the psalmist, 'when my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knewest my path. In the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me. I looked on my right hand, and beheld, but there was no man that would know me; refuge failed me; no man cared for my soul.'             busy, tattling woman,          

      Insurrection at Havanna.— The brig Carroll, Capt. Young, arrived this morning, 8 days from Havanna. Capt. Y. informs us that on the 12th July, an insurrection took place amongst the blacks at work on the aqueduct; they refused to work, and broke into a store, arming themselves with knives, and killed three or four whites. In quelling them, sixteen were lanced by the troop of horse. About thirty were to be shot in a few days.— Philadelphia Ex. Books of July 27. Insurrection at Havanna. Philadelphia Ex. Books of July    

      The New-York Transcript mentions a female called 'English Nance,' who on Saturday last was taken to the Police Office for the seventy-third time, for being drunk and disorderly. She had been out of the Panitentiary two hours, after an imprisonment of sixty days.    

          MR. EDITOR— I have seldom seen a more heartless and unchristian sneer than was thrown out in the last weeks Recorder by the Rev. Joseph Tracy. I am sorry that gentleman should so far forget his character as a minister of a God of Truth and Justice, as to say what he said in that article respecting the debate on Colonization, recently held between Messrs. May and Gurley. Though interested in the discussion, I felt no ways anxious as to the result of it, being fully settled in my mind, if abolitionism be the cause of God it will stand, whatever be Mr. May's power of discussion; and on the other hand, if Colonization be not the cause of God, but the enemy of God and holiness, as I believe it is, Mr. Gurley cannot sustain it. Mr. Tracy has a right to his opinion, as to the merits of the debate; but God has given him no right to say and insinuate what he has there said.I meant to have noticed but one thing in this communication, but I cannot refrain from noticing briefly one or two other things. Mr. Tracy speaking of Mr. Gurley's contrasting the claims of the Colonization and Anti-Slavery Societies, says— 'In doing this, he exhibited a handbill, having a large cut of a negro in chains, with some inflammatory sentences under it.'  What are these inflammatory sentences? One was, and the only one which the assembly knew any thing about, and which Mr. Gurley attempted to read, was this, Ex. 21: 16— 'He that stealeth a man and selleth him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death.' Is it come to this, then, that when we quote God's holy word, we must be accused of uttering 'inflammatory sentences?'  If we tell the sinner his guilt and his doom in the very language of the Holy Ghost, Mr. Tracy would hold us up as speaking 'inflammatory sentences.'Mr. Tracy says 'Mr. Thompson rose and attempted to address the meeting.'  Is this true? Mr. Tracy would make his readers believe that Mr. Thompson rose on purpose to address the meeting; and tried so to do but the meeting would not hear him. What was the fact? Mr. Gurley in reading the above 'inflammatory sentence' of God's word— as Mr. Tracy would call it— omitted the words in Italics. Mr. Thompson arose, without even turning his face to the audience at first, and merely requested Mr. Gurley to read the whole of the sentence which Mr. Tracy calls to 'inflammatory.' He arose to call for the reading of the whole verse, as Mr. Gurley had read but a part.But I would call the attention particularly to the following passage. Speaking of clapping and hissing— which custom in Mr. Tracy's view, the Anti-Slavery men have been the chief instruments of introducing, (but which in fact they have always discountenanced.) Mr. Tracy says: 'Especially we hope that Anti-Slavery LADIES will cease so far to forget the dignity and delicacy which should mark the department of their sex, as to join in such obstreperous expressions of feeling in promiscuous public assemblies. Some of them on Monday night, looked far less amiable than they would have done, had they contributed less to the amount of clamor. Perhaps they will say that they cannot see why clapping and hissing in public meetings is any more unbecoming in them, than a men; to which our only reply is, that if they cannot feel the difference, we are very sorry for them.' I do not blame Mr. Tracy for taking the Anti-Slavery ladies to do, for hissing and clapping. I cannot feel that it is becoming a christian people to hiss and clap— especially when such a solemn and sorrowful subject is before them. But can Mr. Tracy reconcile it with truth and justice, to hold up the Anti-Slavery Ladies as sinners above others in the Hall? What was the fact? Mr. May spoke first. All was silence and attention— the abolitionists adhered to the request not to clap. Mr. Gurley next spoke. Regardless of the vote and the request of the meeting, the colonizationists twice clapped the speaker before he ended. Where were the Colonization Ladies? Twice they clapped and twice they stamped before one Anti-Slavery Lady in the room moved her hand to clap. Will Mr. Tracy deny it? I know he will not. But the Colonization Ladies did not look any the less amiable, in Mr. Tracy's view, for clapping and stamping in favor of Colonization. It was sweet music to his ear to hear even the Ladies clap and stamp to hasten the departure from among us of our free colored people, with their own consent, to the barbarous, desolate shores of Africa, so that they might christianize them and raise them up to Heaven in a trice, as soon as they get 4000 miles away from them.Mr. Tracy's remarks seem to me to read thus— 'We hope the Anti-Slavery Ladies will cease so far to forget the dignity and delicacy which should mark the deportment of their sex, as to join in such obstreperous expression of feeling, in favor of the oppressed slave and of immediate abolition. Some of them on Monday night, looked far less amiable than they would have done, had they contributed with the Colonization Ladies, to the clamor in favor of sending the colored people to Africa, always with their own consent.  Perhaps they will say, that they cannot see why clapping and hissing in public meetings is any more unbecoming in them, than in Colonization Ladies; to which our only reply is, if they cannot feel the difference, we are very sorry for them?' Does Mr. Tracy feel the difference? I should think that he did feel the difference very sensibly, from the spirit of his communication.   with some inflammatory sentences under it.'  or if he be found in his hand, 'inflammatory sentences?'    to address the meeting.'     see feel as sinners above others in the Hall? I know he will not Ladies clap stamp with their own consent,   Ladies in favor of the oppressed slave and of immediate abolition always with their own consent.  feel feel spirit    H.C.W.     

      The Silk Worm.— Last year, on the 4th of July, Charles Dyer, Esq. of this city, had four silk worms. From these four and their proeny, he had three complete crops of cocaons. They are now feeding at the chicanery of the Valentine Company in this city, about seven hundred thousand worms, all the product of the four which Mr. Dyerhod on the 4th July. 1834.— Pr. v. Journal. The Silk Worm. four seven hundred thousand worms, Pr. v. Journal.    

      By the following extracts of letters from individuals residing in Mississippi, the account first published of an extensive contemplated slave insurrection is confirmed.'An insurrection has, it appears, been on hand among the negroes, for the last six months, headed by white men. The massacre was to have commenced on the 4th of July. Their plans were well laid, and, no doubt but that thousands of the whites would have been murdered, had we not been saved, only a week before the time, by a faithful negro man, who was in all the secrets, and was to have been high in command, and who revealed to his master the whole plan: and, to convince him of its reality, placed his master in a position where, from his place of concealment, he could overhear one of their night meetings, at which the whole scheme was discussed.'A great many negroes were in consequence taken up in Madison county, from whom the leaders found out who the white leaders were. About ten negroes and five or six white men have been hung without any form of law or trial except an examination before an examining committee. They are still going on trying and hanging.'        

        The Sir Walter Scott sailed from New Orleans on the 21st May, with a cargo of 1794 bales of cotton, 18 seamen, and 3 passengers, one of them a lady, Mrs. Hamilton. The ship was owned in Boston, was only two years old, and was valued at $22,000. Her destination was Liverpool.In coming down the Gulf Stream, this vessel encountered a heavy gale from the south-west. The seas were running mountains high. On the morning of the 21st of June, about eight o'clock, in latitude 31 deg. 24 min. long. 75 deg. 43 min. when under double reefed topsails, and bearing upon the wind, opposite, or nearly so, to Charleston, S.C., a heavy peal of thunder broke over the ship. It seemed as if the heavens had been rent asunder. The captain and his three passengers were in their cabins. The lady started up in fright, and the captain jumped on deck in so much haste as to be without his shoes. The electric fluid had struck the foremast, ran into the forecastle where the seamen were at breakfast, dashed every thing into pieces, sent the men sprawling in all directions, and completely raked the vessel fore and aft and between decks and in the hold. The suddenness and force of the terrible blow made the vessel hang in suspense for a moment on the top of the billow. Every person was astonished, but no one yet knew the extent of the injury.In a few minutes, the cry of 'fire! fire! fire!' was raised, and the terror of that cry may be imagined— far at sea, surrounded with storms, and at the mercy of the enraged elements. The seamen were almost struck senseless by the electric shock. This cry awakened them to a new sense of danger. The passengers almost lost their senses, and the lady, Mrs. H. was the only one whose courage rose up to meet the danger with promptitude and energy. 'The long boat,' 'the long boat,' was shouted. It was now six or eight minutes since the lightning had struck, and every part of the cargo, fore and aft, was already on fire. The long boat was full of various articles, and could not be got out at the moment.The Captain now ran below, seized a cutlass and a pistol, came on deck, nerved himself for the occasion— 'men,' said he, 'you never yet deserted me in danger— rouse yourselves now: I'll shoot the first man that does not at once do his duty. Clear out the long boat— down with the gig— stir, or in ten minutes we shall see eternity.' The lady jumped also on deck with her hair in disorder, stood by the Captain, and appeared to be a very spirit of heaven animating the frailer mortals to their task.The thunder-struck men, headed by the mate, hurried as well as they could, cleared out the long boat, launched the gig, and then swung down the boat in the boiling ocean below. 'Put the lady in the long boat,' shouted the Captain. The ship was at this moment rolling tremendously— the flames bursting forth in all directions— her masts tottering to the gale. The lady reached the boat in safety. 'Thank God,' said the Captain. The disabled seamen were placed near her— six others put in the gig. The Captain and his mate were the last to leave the deck of the burning ship.All were now in the boats. 'Cut adrift— cast off,' shouted the Captain. They cut adrift from the burning ship and pushed out of her wake. 'All is lost,' said the Captain, 'but our lives are yet left us; we have another chance to live out the gale.' The moment the long boat and gig left the burning vessel, her masts fell by the board, the flames burst forth in greater magnificence than ever, the thunder rolled, the lightning still flashed, the sea was roaring around, and the two small boats floated over the billows before the wind, and entirely at its mercy.At last, in about fifty minutes from the first stroke, one long sheet of flame covered the wreck, and the whole gallant fabric of the Sir Walter Scott sunk down into the water and was seen no more. 'It's all over with the gallant Sir Walter,' said the lady.The Captain, crew, and passengers, now sailed for the coast: they had but little provisions, every thing had been lost, and their prospect was gloomy enough. The two boats kept each other's company all that day and the succeeding night. It was blowing hard. At the peep of dawn next day, the Captain espied a sail to leeward. It was immediately determined to send the gig to the vessel in sight, and endeavor to get aboard if possible: accordingly, a sail was rigged out of an old sack, a mast was raised, and the sail spread before the wind. 'Mate,' said the Captain, 'you must go alone to that vessel, and get on board the best way you can.' 'Ay, ay, sir,' said the mate.Away started the gig on the swelling billows before the gale, with the mate at the helm. 'What a cheering sight it was,' said the captain; 'she treaded, sir, over the billows like the forked lightning itself down the masts of the Sir Walter, now under, now above the waves.'In a short time, the gig reached her destination. The vessel proved to be the Saladin, Humphries. She backed her yards. In another brief space, the long boat appeared; all were taken on board, not forgetting the lady, who, in the greatest danger, had cheered and animated the men to their task.Captain Clarke, his crew and passengers, were landed at Norfolk. The Captain himself had lost every thing on board. He had $15,000 in English coin, but it went all to the bottom. When the people of Norfolk knew their situation, offers were made to raise a subscription, but he refused any aid of that kind. He sold his two boats, and with some private aid paid all his own expenses, and those of the men, and when he reached New York had just $10 in his pocket. This he presented to Mrs. Hamilton.                        

          A friend has handed us for publication the following extract of a Letter, which he has just received from a gentleman of high standing in Clinton, Mississippi, dated July 5th, 1835.'Our community is in a state of excitement on the subject of an insurrection of the Slaves. It seems probable that they contemplated it pretty generally, and that last night was the time fixed on. In Madison County they have hung two white men, (both steam-doctors) and seven negroes at least. About Livingston the excitement was greatest, but the summary justice of the Mississippians has probably quelled the spirit for years to come. Acting on the principle of 'salus populi suprema est lex,' the good people of that place and its vicinity, forthwith appointed a committee to pass on the guilt or innocence of the accused, who accordingly acted. The two whites were pronounced guilty on yesterday; after the sentence was pronounced, an hour was allowed them for preparation and then they were swung off. One of them under the gallows acknowledged the justice of his fate, and stated that the plan was for a general rising that night from Beattie's Bluff in Madison to Natchez. That the discovery would probably defeat it as to this part of the State, but that there would be a rising that night so sure as that night itself should come. The whites appear to have been at the head of it, with the foolish hope of getting and making off with plunder.We have heard nothing further this morning. The Post Master at Livingston sent notice of the apprehended agitation among the slaves to this place, so soon as the thing was surmised, and it is possible it may be suppressed over the State. We are uneasy here about the large plantations below— a day or two, however, will remove or confirm those fears. Other white persons and slaves were under examination (or trial) before the Court at Livingston, last evening. We have not yet heard their fate.P.S. Livingston is in Madison County, adjoining to the County of Hinds, in which Clinton is situated.   'salus populi suprema est lex,'        

      A young man in London, known as the 'flying horseman of the Sun,' was fined five pounds for riding a horse to death in conveying, by express, the result of the Darby race at Epson. He rode at the rate of 13 or 14 miles an hour. The witness bore ample testimony, not only to the distressed state of the horse before he fell, but to the fact that the defendant kept flogging and spurring the animal up to that period, in a most cruel and savage manner. The punishment, though made to the full extent of the law, was inadequate to the offence. The prosecution was made at the instance of the Society for the Suppression of Cruelty to Animals.    

        ANOTHER INSURRECTION. The transactions which are going on in Mississippi, are dreadful: but they are the same as have occurred in North Carolina several times, in South Carolina several, and in Virginia several times, within fifty years.  It is gratifying to observe that there is not a suggestion that any abolitionist had any hand in the intended rising. No real abolitionist could have. If we proposed violence, we should first go the Constitution, and get the power to use violence. The leaders are represented to have been white men, whose object was plunder.  They seduced the slaves to join them. Thus the masters reap the fruits of their ungodly scheme of keeping their bondmen in Egyptian darkness, so that they are easily ensnared by the first impostor who comes along. If they were taught to examine and reflect, they would reject the plans of wretches, moved by as much avarice as their own kidnappers, or the robbers of their wages, or the 'associated negro-thieves.'We see that one white man called Doctor Cotton, has been hung upon colored evidence. We hope that this may grow into a precedent— not for a barbarous punishment, but a righteous rule of evidence, much wanted in the Southern States.The New-York Evening Post gives a feeble rebuke to the American press for not having a serious talk with the Mississippi mobs, who have hung up some fourteen men without judge or jury, and were going on next morning to hang more! Just as tho' this were matter for talk!  Let the members of the mob be condignly punished, or let us no longer write our country among the civilized!YET ANOTHER. The slaves at work upon an aqueduct at the Havana, stopped work, armed themselves and slew four men. In turn seventeen slaves were killed, and thirty were to be hung. fifty years.  real we white men, plunder.  kidnappers,   white Doctor Cotton, colored precedent   New-York Evening Post talk!  punished,   killed,        

      A Famous Dive.— A large concourse of people, male and female, assembled to witness the exploit advertised by Mr. Scott, Friday evening. After keeping them broiling in the sun about an hour and a half, he made a successful and very handsome descent, head-foremost from the mast head of a sloop, a distance of near 90 feet, into the slip at the foot of Amos-street. The dive did not appear to affect him at all, and we left him gamboling about in the water with the ease and agility of a fish.— Philad. Daily Adv. A Famous Dive. Philad. Daily Adv.    

          We have often had occasion of late to advert to the use of this term in our paper, as indicating punishments, wantonly and in disregard of law, applied in certain portions of our country to individuals suspected or guilty of crime. It is but a few days since, that we were told in a Mississippi paper, under the head of 'the way they do things in Jefferson County,' that an old man, who had been acquitted by a jury of the charge of murder, had no sooner left the court house, than he was stripped of his clothing, covered with tar and feathers, and whipped till he was insensible; that spirits of turpentine was poured over him to restore his senses; that he was then mounted on a rail, and borne through the town, amidst the shouts of the multitude; and that, when these horrible outrages had been perpetrated, he was driven beyond the limits of the County, with menaces of vengeance, should he attempt to return. In our paper of Monday, we gave another account of the hanging of five gamblers by an infuriated mob, in Vicksburg, in the same State; and the papers are now filled with details of the execution of a self constituted examining committee, without even the color of authority or law, of several persons, supposed to be concerned in a projected insurrection of the slaves, in the same quarter. Whether these stories are true to the full extent related, we have no means of determining: but the truth of any one of them, or even of a portion of any one of them, ought to give occasion to the most serious reflection.There may be instances, in which the punishments thus inflicted, are of no greater severity, than would be ordained by the laws for the same offences; but nothing can be more pernicious than to entertain, on this account, any feeling, other than that of the deepest reprobation, for all such illegal outrages. It is the language of all our constitutions— it is one of the vaunted principles of free government— that a man's person and properly shall be sacred, except when the judgment of his peers, or the law of the land, shall subject him to penalties: but here is a system, which places all property, all right, and even life itself, at the mercy of such persons, whether acting under the impulse of frenzy or deliberate revenge, as may choose to combine, at any time or place, for the purpose of evil. What security can there be, if such proceedings are had with impunity, that the system will not be pursued, until the wisest and best shall, in some transient rage of the many or the few, be hurried, without the slightest regard even to the forms of law, to the gallows or the stake? Such outrages inflict a deep and incurable wound on the peace, as well as character, of the community which tolerates them; they render existence in such a community less tolerable, than under the most crushing despotism; but, more than all, they give promise of a state of things in time to come, to which no man, who feels any concern for the name and honor of his country, can look forward without alarm and sorrow.      

      A Lock has recently been invented in Boston, which, with a simple key, may be opened in a different manner every day in the year; the inventors offer a reward of fifty dollars to any one who will unlock it, and further propose to place it on a trunk and deposit therein $1000 against any one willing to hazard a like sum— on condition, that it should be opened in the course of a year by the most experienced Lock Picker, the whole sum shall be forfeited. Moreover, the key to be placed in the hands of the person accepting the wager, and the trunk unlocked every day in his presence.    

        The extracts, which we give below from a Jamaica paper, show the spirit of the opposers of human rights, and the entire futility of attempts to compound with unrighteousness. The difficulty is, that injustice is insatiable, knows no limits and no standard, but an entire submission to its arbitrary and capricious demands. The Jamaica slavites are teaching a lesson to England, and to us, by which abolitionists will profit. The residue of the anomalous apprenticeship can be cut off, even if the $100,000,000 cannot be withheld! Mr. O'Connell, Lord Brougham, Mr. Buxton, and others, have eyes and ears open, and they have voices at the seat of power. No wonder that these Jamaica anti-liberty presses denounce the reform ministry, and exult at any fluctuation in favor of Peel and the nice conservatives.We do not make particular remarks upon these extracts, because it seems to us that they are so extravagant, so absurd, so barefaced, and so flat withal, that they carry their antidote with them.These papers contain advertisements of several runaway apprentices.  Those who have read Mr. Stephen's speech, which we inserted in our 28th number, will have an idea of the existing causes for running away.It is wonderful that the apprentices do behave well. Nothing but a noble and self-sacrificing spirit of gratitude and patriotism, which does their minds as well as hearts great honor, could induce them to bear wrong, and labor as they do. If ever a system was ingeniously contrived to injure the reputation of the colored population, and impair the strength of the abolition cause, it is the apprenticeship. The former physical stimulus is taken away by it, without any moral stimulus being substituted, except that before-mentioned, which results from the gratitude and considerateness of men constantly denounced by their narrow-minded enemies as brutes— as 'swine.' But let it be remembered, that even a white skin is so shield against similar insults. There has always been, in the estimation of some persons, a 'swinish in Massachusetts, as well as Jamaica. The cause of Anti-Slavery is the cause also of true republicanism; but then our flaming patriots and soi-disant lovers of liberty choose to smother this great truth. But it will one day come out; and the false warders, then to guard liberty, but betray it, will be punished as befits them.Extracts from the Kingston, (Jamaica) Chronicle, Anti-Freedom Press, of which a file was kindly furnished by MR. JOHN WOOD, the gentleman from Jamaica, mentioned is last week's Liberator.'The British Colonist has been basely plundered, and the robbers may yet rue the effects of the thievish deed.''The honorable portion of the British Parliament felt some compunction for the losses and sufferings of the plundered planters. With great reluctance, the saints acquiesced in a shilling on the pound of the debt due.''The new system is this; if a master reprimand his servant for neglect— if he reproves disobedience, or recommends industry and attention— he is fined. If he enforces discipline, he is imprisoned. If a servant steals, idles, abuses or blasphemes, he is praised and protected.''We are happy to learn that Mr. Hall, of St. Andrew, intends to resist the payment of the fine of five dollars, imposed upon him by the special magistrate of St. Andrew, for calling one of his black women, who was insolent to him, a negro.  The Despatch says that Mr. Hall was fined for calling the woman a hussey; but we understand he simply called her a 'negro woman.' 'We ask any man of common sense, whether the kindest parent would not scold or Whip his child into taking the necessary remedy, necessary for its preservation?''We are glad to perceive, that the London Journals are exposing the horrid traffic in slaves, carried on at the Brazils, under the auspices of the traders, who are members of the Abolition Society.''I suppose that application should be made, without delay, to the Home Government, to put the swine on the same footing with horses and other laboring animals; for as by the original charter of Heaven, all swine are born free and equal, this their natural liberty cannot be taken away from them, except by an act of Parliament. That when such application is granted, there be organized on every estate, a swine gang with a boar driver.  Whenever a sow touches a cane, she shall receive, in presence of a medical gentleman, or a special justice, a blow over the snout; but when she confines herself to trash, she shall be encouraged and cherished.''Amidst the long-protracted oppression and injustice, to which the unfortunate planters and proprietors of this colony have been subjected, it is some consolation to know, that the day of retribution is at hand. The pharisaical pride and tyranny of the oppressors have induced them to outstep the bounds of discretion. The mask of philanthropy can no longer conceal the avarice and arrogance of their malignant hearts. That greediness of gain, and the lust of wordly power, are the real motives, by which they are governed, must speedily be apparent; and then we shall have the pleasure of ejecting from our community, the selfish and hypocritical crew—Who delve for pelf in mammon's dirty mine,Sneak with scoundrel fox, or grunt with glutton swine.' compound standard, can be open, reform ministry, Peel conservatives.   particular   apprentices.    physical moral Anti-Slavery flaming patriots soi-disant But it will one day come out;     plundered, robbers thievish   saints shilling     insolent negro.  hussey; scold remedy,   who are members of the Abolition Society.'   swine gang boar driver.    real    Sneak    

          Outrage at Vicksburg.— Several Lives Lost.— We have just learned the particulars of this horrible affair reported by one of the steamboats yesterday. It appears that some persons had kept a gambling house in Vicksburg for some time, and as usual in similar establishments, had their pimps and their decoys employed, inveigling inexperienced young men into the lion's den, where they were invariably fleeced of all they possessed, and frequently ill-treated by the conductors.The inhabitants determined to abate the nuisance, had held several meetings, and given notice repeatedly to the offenders to quit the city by a certain time, or suffer the consequences of an outraged community. The day at length arrived when the committee waited on them, and told them, that their passage was paid for on board a steam-boat and quit they must! they positively refused— the committee retired to deliberate and again returned, but the house was closed, and whilst endeavoring to gain admittance, several shots were fired from the windows, one of which struck Dr. Bodley the chairman of the committee, and caused his immediate death. Another gentleman of respectability was severely wounded, and the rest of the bullets passed through the hats of the other members of the committee.The towns-people immediately assembled, broke open the house, seized five men, the only inmates, dragged them to the public square, and HANGED them INSTANTER!!! They posted sentries, and gave notice that any person who approached them for 24 hours would be served likewise. All the money, which was of a large amount, was piled upon a table before the suspended bodies, and the committee paid it away to all who could prove they had lost money at the house. About twelve or fifteen persons in connexion with the house, started for this city in haste to avoid a similar fate.These are the particulars as we have heard them— we shall make no comments upon so dreadful an occurrence, hoping the account has been exaggerated.Since the above was in type we have heard that Dr. Bodley was murdered in the gaming house, after having won a considerable sum of money at the table, which was the original cause of this execution of summary justice, or Lynch law as it is called. The persons executed were, Mr. North, who kept a tavern, Dutch Bill, his barkeeper, Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Callum and Mr. McCall. Outrage at Vicksburg.— Several Lives Lost.            

      The above sanguinary outrage was, probably, the occasion of the following report of a contemplated insurrection among the slaves in Mississippi. Papers of later date have no allusion to any disturbance among the slaves.         The following letter having been derived from a respectable source, we lay it before our readers. It may be well, however, to state that Mississippi papers of the same date have been received, and make no mention of any disturbances of the kind described below. Several white men have been recently arrested as kidnappers; but we see no account of a contemplated insurrection, and can imagine no inducement to suppress or conceal the fact, if it existed.       CANTON, (Mississippi) July 3, 1835.   I have to inform you the disagreeable news that the negroes are about to rise upon the whites. It came out about two weeks ago; the whole country is in alarm. There have been meetings throughout the whole State, to adopt measures to find out the ringleaders, and to appoint patroles. We are out patrolling every night. Last night I was in a company to ride about the country to the plantations, to see if every negro was at his home. There was a white man taken up at Vicksburg, concerned with the negroes; they called a court together and brought him in guilty, and hung him right off. There have been three more white men taken up, but they have not had their trials yet. In Livingston, a town 12 miles from here, they gave a negro six hundred lashes, before he would discover anything; then he informed them that the blacks were to rise on the 4th of July. The jail here is full, and they are bringing in more every day. We had a meeting here to day to from a volunteer company, to be ready at a minutes notice, and we are prepared with guns and ammunition.Whilst I am writing this, there is a large meeting here to adopt resolutions to protect the citizens, also to send on to the Secretary of War to send a company of soldiers to protect the citizens of the county. They hanged two negroes yesterday at Livingston, and they have about fifteen more that they are going to hang. We had four brought in here this morning to examine, and expect they will hang one of them.The Court has just adjourned. They tried three blacks and flogged them all. To one of them they gave 200 lashes. There were three white men at the head of the insurrection, that have run away. They have one in jail. They took him out yesterday, and gave him Lynch's law, that is 39 lashes in this country. They expect to hang him.         

          On Sunday morning the 28th ult. considerable commotion was produced in our village, by the southern stage driving up to the jail, and discharging four colored persons, two men and two women, into the custody of the jailer. On inquiry, it appeared, that immediately after the arrival of the stage, the sheriff of Franklin county in this state arrived, and arrested them on the credit of an advertisement, stating that the prisoners had stolen a large amount of property, including a bank check of $1000, from Col. Richard M. Johnson of Kentucky. The two men, it appeared, were Indian students at the Choctaw school in Scott county in that state— and were stated in the advertisement to have seduced away the girls, who it was also stated would no doubt willingly consent to go back, if they could be separated from their infamous seducers!  They remained in custody until Monday morning— when they were taken out before Justice Humphreyville on regular process, charging them with stealing, etc. from Col. Johnson, for the purpose of examination. Messrs. Olcott, Floyd and Tiffany volunteered their services in behalf of the prisoners— and after a full and very critical examination, the Indians were discharged, and the girls (who were slaves) were delivered up, under the statute law of this state, to the agent of Col. Johnson, to be taken back to Kentucky to be tried for Larceny. The Justice in rendering judgment, regretted the necessity he was under of sending these people back to slavery— protested his abhorrence of the infamous practice, and hoped such a case might never occur again in the discharge of his official duties. As might be supposed, the case produced a very strong excitement in the neighborhood; and nothing but the clearest proof of the larceny on the party of the girls, seemed to reconcile the public to the justice and propriety of the decision. The regret was, that the girls must go back not only to punishment, but slavery.  The agent, a nephew of Col. Johnson, said much in praise of his (the Col's) humanity, kindness, &c. to his slaves— but this was far from giving satisfaction to the majority. The humanity of men who treat their fellow men like well fed and well used beasts, though one of them be the renowned destroyer of Tecumseh, and a popular candidate for the second highest office in the gift of the American people— is by no means a popular topic here.After the girls were gone, Jones, one of the discharged prisoners, a very intelligent person, and who was declared by the agent to be a man of truth, stated in private conversation, that the girls, finding that he and Hunter (the other Indian) were about returning to their tribes, requested their assistance in effecting their escape from slavery, as Col. Johnson had treated them very harshly, and threatened to sell them down the river! and that this was the real reason, so far as he knew, of their absconding! Considering the barbarities of slavery and the slave trade even in Kentucky, there is too much reason to believe this statement is true. But until the laws and customs of slavery become a dead letter, which we hope they soon will, men will always be found depraved enough thus to outrage human right. Mr. Jones also stated in substance, that the principles of abolition were gaining popularity fast in Kentucky.Since the above was in type, we have been credibly informed, that one of the girls, whose complexion is comparatively light, is a reputed daughter of Col. Johnson's;— that Mr. Johnson, (nephew of the Col's.) who with a Mr. Davis, came in pursuit of them, was to receive the darkest girl as his reward for returning the other;— that after leaving this place they stated in substance, that 'it was necessary to bring a charge against them, in order to prevent an excitement in their favor'— and admitted, that 'they did not believe that the girls were guilty of the crime charged against them.'— Another instance took place, we are informed, of a character somewhat similar, where the slaves were in Cleveland when their pursuers arrived there;— they were also accused of the crime of stealing; but by being secreted, they fortunately escaped the tyrant's grasp.Such then is the gross imposition practised upon the poor slave, in order to insure his safe return to slavery. Let the citizens of Ohio be aware of these facts. stolen seduced away willingly infamous seducers!  stealing,  slavery.  humanity   Jones, slavery, this real   light,      

        The tongue is called, in the Bible, an unruly member. Our own experience accords perfectly with the statement, and observations upon the tongues of others have satisfied us of the evil. We think the following rules, if carefully followed, will be found of great use in taming that which has not yet been perfectly tamed.1. Never use your tongue in speaking any thing but truth. The God of truth, who made the tongue did not intend it for any other use. It will not work well in falsehood, it will run into such inconsistencies as to detect itself. To use this organ for publishing falsehood, is as congruous as the use of the eyes for hearing, or the ear for smelling.2. Do not use your tongue too much, it is a kind of waste gate, to let off the thoughts as they collect and expand the mind; but if the waste gate is always open, the water will soon run shallow. Many people use their tongues too much. Shut the gate and let the streams of thought flow in till the mind is full, and then you may let off with some effect.3. Never let the stream of passion move the tongue. Some people when they are about to put this member in motion, hoist the wrong gate, they let out passion instead of reason. The tongue then makes a great deal of noise, disturbs the quietude of the neighbors, exhausts the person's strength and does no good. The whirlwind has ceased, but what is the benefit?4. Look into the pond and see if there is water enough to move the wheel to any purpose, before you open the gate; or plainly, think before you speak.5. Never put the tongue in motion while your respondent has his in motion. The two streams will meet, and the reaction will be so great that you will both bespatter yourselves.6. See that your tongue is hung true, before you use it. Some tongues we have observed are so hung that they sometimes equivocate considerably. Let such turn the screw of conscience until the tongue move true.7. Expect that others will use their tongue for what you do yours. Some claim the privilege of reporting all the news, and charge others not to do so. Your neighbors will not allow you to monopolize this business. If you have any thing to be kept secret, keep it yourself.             equivocate      

      English Criminal Law.— A late official document from England states, that during the last twenty-one years no less than three hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and sixty-six persons were tried on capital offences in England and Wales. Sentence of death was passed upon twenty-two thousand five hundred and forty-two. Nearly fifty thousand of those upon trial for criminal offences were females. The state of society, the code of laws, and the unsparing rigor with which even the slightest offences are punished should be a lesson for the people of this country. The statistical facts which we have here recorded, are truly appalling. Licentiousness and crime, discord and faction, poverty and suffering at present, seem the most prominent ingredients in the English government. May Heaven avert from us a like calamity.— Haverhill Gazette. English Criminal Law. three hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and sixty-six persons twenty-two thousand five hundred and forty-two females Haverhill Gazette.    

      The Spy.— Enoch Crosby, who, under the name of Harvey Birch, is the hero of Cooper's novel, the Spy, died lately in New-York State, aged 88.He was engaged as a Spy by the American army. His activity and great ingenuity were acknowledged in those critical times to be the principal means of obtaining much important information about the intended movements of the British forces. The Spy.      

      A Huge Lizard.— A skeleton of a gigantic animal of the lizard kind, known to naturalists as the Ichthyosaurus Platyodon, has been discovered by Miss. Mary Ann Anning, an indefatigable geologist, near Lyme Regis, in England, in the lias deposit. From the size of the bones found, it is thought that the animal must have been thirty-five feet in length, and of proportionate bulk. A Huge Lizard. Ichthyosaurus Platyodon,    

      A new panoramic view of the Conflagration of Moscow is in a state of forwardness at the American Museum, corner of Chesnut and Fifth street, which is said to be superior to one which attracted so much notice there a few months since. The movements, figures, paintings, &c. are all entirely new, and said to be very perfect. It will be in readiness for public exhibition in the course of a day or two.— U.S. Gazette. U.S. Gazette.    

      The Darien (Geo.) Telegraph, of the 14th inst. says:— We have learned, from a private, but undoubted source, that a duel which terminated fatally, took place in South Carolina, on the morning of the 7th inst. The parties belonged to Savannah, and were Samuel Stiles, Esq. a law student, and ----- Morrison, a clerk in an auction store, both very young men. The former fell at the first shot. It was said, that the survivor coolly returned to his business, after the tragedy was concluded.     

      It is calculated that in the French army there is one substitute out of every four soldiers, and one volunteer out of every twenty.   

