       When we read brother Phelps's unanswered and unanswerable rejoinder to this calumnious document, we could not but compassionate the deplorable predicament into which its signers had plunged themselves; but the shouts of approbation with which the Appeal is greeted by the religious and political pro-slavery presses in the land, are more terribly condemnatory than any thing that has been written against it. Will our readers turn to our first page, and see what is said of the Appeal by the enemies of immediate emancipation? It is published by the Vermont Chronicle 'with great pleasure,' because it is 'a gratifying document!' See the craft, and hypocrisy, and cant of S.H. Hodges and Henry B. Holmes! Turn next to the extract from the Christian Mirror! Next look at the article from the New-York Observer! Then read the paragraph from the New-Haven Religious Intelligencer! The Journal of Commerce is also chanting a Te Deum. Abolitionists throughout the country know that all these papers have been deadly hostile to our glorious cause— yet they are delighted with the Appeal! But, mark! They will not be satisfied with the sacrifice of the Liberator and its editor. The N.Y. Observer expressly affirms— 'It is not against the errors of individual members that we protest, but against THE OFFICIAL ACTS OF THE AMERICAN ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY— against THE LANGUAGE OF ITS OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS AND COMMISSIONED AGENTS'!!!     

         MR. EDITOR:— 'B.' says: 'If for every opinion expressed in private on the subject of abolition, we are to stand amenable to the conductors of the Liberator, and forced to refuse the slanders with which that press too often abounds, it is time, high time, that not only our churches should be closed against these emissaries of disunion in church and state, but that our private dwellings should,' &c. &c. How gentle— how charitable! But who, I would ask, has required any one 'to stand amenable to the conductors of the Liberator' 'for every opinion expressed in private on the subject of abolition?' I know of no one that has done it. Your correspondent, I believe, knows of no one. Was it for opinion's sake, that he was held 'amenable,' as he calls it; or, was it for stating that for fact, which documents proved not to be fast? If his statement rests on evidence, that evidence is somewhere; it is public property; and why does he not quote it, and refer us to the chapter or page where it may be found, instead of complaining, when evidence to the contrary is adduced? One would think he might, at least, have made a 'show of authority;' but it seems he had not even that: nor do I believe him more completely destitute of evidence, in support of his statement in regard to the condition of Trinidad, than in support of his charge against the Liberator. I have been a reader of that paper for years, and have never discovered that it 'abounds' in 'slanders.' I believe, severe as it is, it speaks the truth in love, and aims to do good unto all men— even its bitterest enemies. This I know: that its influence on my mind, has been most salutary. The principles it advocates are glorious. They are the principles of eternal truth— God-honoring, man-elevating, soul-enlarging, spirit-stirring and chastening principles. Its motto is glorious, and indicates true benevolence— the benevolence of the Gospel— a benevolence that embraces all men, of all conditions, countries, climates and colors: 'Our country is the world— our countrymen are all mankind.' Can it be, that one capable of feeling such a sentiment as this, can be guilty of slanders? To me, it seems impossible: but, though it seems thus, yet if there is evidence in support of the charge, I wish to know it. Will your correspondent furnish it? Let me but be satisfied that it has done any man injustice, and will not make reparation; and, though it were dear to me as a right eye, I will cease to support it. I call for the proofs, and until they are furnished, be assured, that I would sooner 'abjure my republicanism, and swear allegiance to Nicholas,' than cease to support it.  opinion's sake    

         It makes one's heart glad, while so many severe animadversions and acrimonious epithets applied to our brethren of the Southern States are borne upon the pained ear, and while so many soul-harrowing tales of the inhumanity of taskmasters and the wrongs and sufferings of the poor slaves are industriously circulated in pictured prints, and 'speech much bitterly spiced,'— it refreshes one's heart to be presented with any new evidences— of which, thank Heaven, we have treasured in our memory not a few— that, among our countrymen whose lot God was pleased to cast where the institution of Slavery prevails, there exists a tender love for humanity even under the darker drapery, and a genuine Christian sympathy with the slave, which the most strenuous Philanthropists of the North would do well to study and imitate.Much as we abhor slavery, we cannot regard but with unqualified disapprobation those sweeping denunciations which are too often indiscriminately hurled against the characters of all those who are in any way implicated in the holding of slaves. We are too much afraid of our own spirit to dare to cast stones promiscuously against slaveholders, lest perchance we should wound some hearts which the love of Christ hath warmed, and in which the Father hath taken up his dwelling. We would rather make a pilgrimage to the 'city of genial airs,' that we might sit at the feet of such as the author of the following beautifully written lines, do homage to an angel of mercy, and learn precious lessons of pity and love.We believe, we know, that the prayer goes up as constantly and as earnestly from the South as from the North, that the Jubilee of universal freedom, and the day of the coronation of every member of the vast brotherhood of man as a son of God, may be hastened in its coming.We know that thousands of kind hearts and gentle hands are devoted daily and nightly to alleviate and enliven the bondage which they know not yet how to annihilate. And if it be true that the genuine language of the heart makes itself known and felt the world all over, then we are confident that there are some at least in the midst of slavery, who, according to the touching and noble sentiment of the author of the following verses, would willingly exchange places for a season even with the decrepit and blind old negro, and divide with him the joys of light and freedom.While then we will daily supplicate and intreat the Father of all mercies to break the rod of the oppressor and unloose the fetters of the slave, we will daily and hourly in conversation and thought and prayer, do justice to the many hearts, kinder and better than our own, that in the land where slavery is known, are longing for the kingdom of love. We will check the language of denunciation, as it rises to our lips, by the memory of personal unworthiness; or change it into the voice of prayer, that God would forgive and change the hardness of our brothers' hearts and of our own.            

       No wonder that the Pastoral Association is filled with consternation, and the pro-slavery heads and tails of society know not what to do, when WOMAN stands forth to plead the cause of her degraded, chain-bound sex! We listened, for the first time, to a lecture by Angelina E. Grimke on the subject of slavery, on Friday evening last, in the Methodist meeting-house in Charlestown; and we are constrained to say, our highest expectations were more than realized. It occupied more than an hour and a half in its delivery to a spell-bound audience. In unaffected dignity of carriage, propriety of gesture and manner, excellence of arrangement, conclusiveness of reasoning, and beauty of elocution, it was all that the most fastidious could wish.— We never listened to a more perfect and admirable performance. On Wednesday evening last, she addressed a crowded assembly in the Baptist meeting-house in Charlestown, to very great acceptance.    

          The above sentence, extracted from an article of ours in Zion's Advocate, is commented upon by Zion's Watchman, published in New York. The editor thinks there are some things which Baptists are unwilling to discuss— and specifies the subject of slavery as one; stating that 'the majority of our religions papers admit little or nothing against the continuance of slavery in a Christian land, and that the majority of the Baptist denomination, both ministers and people, are asleep on this subject.' To this, we reply, that when we speak of Baptists, we speak of them as a religious community— not as a political party, They do not constitute a part of any one political party; they belong as citizens, some to one party and some to another. As citizens, they do not waive their privilege of discussing political questions of all descriptions, upon proper occasions. But as far as our knowledge extends, it is indeed true, that they are not in the habit of obtruding their political discussions into their religious papers or religious meetings. The editor of the Watchman is correct in his statement so far. Are we to blame in this? And does this prove that we are asleep with regard to the evils of slavery? Far from this. We mourn these evils; we would gladly remedy them. So we regret many evils in the British Government, and would gladly correct them, did their correction lie within our jurisdiction; for we have many brethren groaning under their influence. But how can we correct them? Can we establish legal enactments against them, either in one country or the other? No; we could not if we would; we would not if we could. As Baptists, we meddle not with politics; as citizens we concern ourselves only with the laws of the State in which we reside. Can the editor of Zion's Watchman teach us better wisdom? Or can he protect us against the consequences of a different course? A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself; but that class of philanthropists, who resolve to do their 'duty, regardless of consequences,' are rushing on, we know not whither, or to what destiny. We predict, however, that they will furnish some advantage to ethical science, should they do nothing more than to stand forth upon the page of history as striking illustrations of the truth, that no man without a divine revelation can know that an act becomes his duty, unless he has some rational grounds upon which to calculate the consequences of that act. We hear of one church (Congregationalist) resolving not to receive to her communion any who will not sustain and abet all who labor in the cause of Moral Reform. Should the discussion of slavery be introduced into our religious bodies, should we not soon hear of resolves passed excluding all from our communion who would not sustain and abet those who labor in the cause of anti-slavery, and thus virtually prohibit all future difference of opinion as to ways and measures in reference to a subject upon which the wisest heads are the most afraid to decide? legal enactments that no man without a divine revelation can know that an act becomes his duty, unless he has some rational grounds upon which to calculate the consequences of that act Moral Reform anti-slavery    I.     

         At a meeting of delegates from the several towns composing the Twelfth Congressional District, approving the course pursued by their Representative in Congress, Hon. JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, in regard to the right of petition, and the proposed annexation of Texas to our Union, assembled at the Town Hall in this place, on Wednesday, 23d inst., at 9 o'clock, A.M.; the meeting was called to order by Joseph Richards, Esq., of Braintree. The following gentlemen were chosen officers of the convention:—        Hon. THOMAS GREENLEAF, of Quincy.       Hon. CUSHING OTIS, of South Scituate.Hon. JOHN B. TURNER, of Scituate.        Hon. GERSHOM B. WESTON, of Duxbury.ORIN P. BACON, Esq., of Dorchester.      The meeting being thus organized, Col. Minot Thayer of Braintree moved that a committee be chosen to draft and introduce to this convention, suitable resolutions, expressive of our entire approbation of the course which our venerable Representative has pursued in Congress, more particularly as it respects the right of petition and of free discussion, and the able and successful manner in which he has sustained the principles of our national constitution; and also to request him to exert his superior talents in opposition to the annexation of Texas to the United States— which was adopted, and the following gentlemen, named by the President, with the exception of the two last, who were added agreeably to the wish of the delegates, constituted the committee.Joseph Richards, Esq., of Braintree,Rev. Samuel J. May, of South Scituate,Fisher A. Kingsbury, Esq., of Weymouth,Col. Minot Thayer, of Braintree,Hon. Gershom B. Weston, of Duxbury,Hon. Cushing Otis, of South Scituate,Hon. Thomas Greenleaf, of Quincy.During the absence of the committee, on motion of Otis Shepard, Esq., voted, that persons present from all towns in the District, not represented, be invited to become members of the convention, by handing in their names to the Secretaries.The committee returned, and reported by their chairman, Joseph Richards, Esq., the annexed resolutions, with the exception of the seventh, offered by the Rev. Mr. May of South Scituate. It was moved that the resolutions should be proposed separately to the convention, in order that a full and free expression of opinion might be elicited.The first resolution was accordingly read, and on motion of John Whitney, Esq., of Quincy, unanimously adopted without debate.1. Resolved, That the right of the people to petition the government for redress of grievances is a right co-existent with, and allowed by, all governments, whether despotic or republican, and that the free exercise of it by any people ought never to be questioned.The second resolution was unanimously adopted without debate, on motion of Richard Clapp, Esq., of Dorchester.2. Resolved, That the abridgement of that right by Congress is expressly forbidden by the Constitution of the United States, and every attempt to abridge it, ought to awaken the people to a just sense of their danger, and rally them to resist all encroachments upon its exercise, at all hazards.The third resolution occasioned no debate, and was unanimously adopted.3. Resolved, That the Resolution of the House of Representatives in Congress, on the 18th January last, ordering every petition, in any way relating to Slavery, to be laid upon the table, without being read or acted upon, was a most flagrant violation of the Constitution, inasmuch as it virtually denied the right of petition itself.On the fourth, Col. Minot Thayer of Braintree, addressed the convention relative to the independent stand our Representative had taken since the commencement of his political career, and was followed by Messrs. John Whitney and Noah Curtis, of Quincy; George Russell of Kingston; Rev. Samuel J. May of South Scituate, and Benjamin V. French of Braintree. The resolution was unanimously adopted, on motion of Noah Curtis, Esq., of Quincy.4. Resolved, That we most cordially approve of the course of that distinguished Representative in Congress, JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, especially in presenting such petitions after the resolution aforesaid was adopted, and demanding the reading and the action of the House thereupon, as every way worthy of the character of a man, who having borne the highest honors in the gift of his country, has continued to serve her with eminent fidelity as a Representative of a free people, and we pledge ourselves to sustain him in that course by all honorable means in our power.Col. Minot Thayer of Braintree moved the adoption of the fifth resolution, which, after a few excellent remarks from Rev. Mr. May of South Scituate, passed unanimously.5. Resolved, That our Representative in Congress be requested to oppose any attempt in that body at the annexation of Texas to the United States; believing that its annexation would endanger the perpetuity of the Union and bring on a foreign war; not defensive, but a war of 'aggression, conquest, and to establish slavery where it has been abolished.'The sixth was, on motion of John Whitney, Esq. of Quincy, unanimously adopted.6. Resolved, That such an extension of the territory of the United States would render it too unwieldly for the purposes of civil government, and weaken instead of strengthen it, in a military point of view, by presenting a long line of defenceless frontier without scarcely any accession of inhabitants to assist in its defence from foreign invasion.The seventh resolution was introduced by Rev. Mr. May of South Scituate, who ably sustained it. It was unanimously adopted on motion of George Russell, Esq., of Kingston.7. Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed to address our fellow citizens of the other Congressional Districts— call their attention to the alarming aggressions which have been made by the Congress of the United States of America, upon the most sacred rights of the people, and earnestly summon them to co-operate with us in the maintenance of those rights.The following gentlemen constitute the above committee.Hon. Gershom B. Weston, of Duxbury,Rev. Samuel J. May, of South Scituate,Hon. John B. Turner of South ScituateGeorge Russell, Esq., of Kingston,Col. Minot Thayer, of Braintree,Edward Little, Esq., of Marshfield,Ichabod Morton, Esq., of Plymouth.The last resolution was now before the convention for consideration, and Col. Minot Thayer of Braintree moved its adoption, with an amendment that a committee of five be appointed to communicate these resolutions to Mr. Adams, and request his attendance at the session of the convention in the afternoon, which was unanimously adopted.8. Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolutions be presented to the Hon. John Quincy Adams, our Representative in Congress, and request his aid and co-operation in furtherance of the views of his constituents, as contained in the foregoing resolutions.The following gentlemen were chosen as the above committee.Hon. Gershom B. Weston, of Duxbury,Hon. Cushing Otis, of South Scituate,Benjamin V. French, Esq., of Braintree,Thomas Loring, Esq., of Hingham,Otis Shepard, Esq. of Dorchester.The Convention, on motion of Harvey Field, Esq., of Quincy, adjourned to meet at half past 2 o'clock.                 Resolved     Resolved     Resolved     Resolved     Resolved     Resolved     Resolved               Resolved             

         I imagine few of the citizens of Bucks County have known the fact, that the elections of the county, are even now controlled by NEGRO VOTES. But the fact cannot admit of a doubt. The elections are most generally closely contested, and they have generally votes enough to carry the side on which they always vote. There is much reason to believe too, that many of the negroes are runaway slaves, so that the democrats of Bucks County frequently are defeated by NEGRO SLAVES! That this is true, I most conscientiously believe, and the next legislature should be called upon to remedy the evil. That would easily be done by passing a law to punish severely any Judge of an election who should receive the vote of a negro or mulatto.If Mr. M'Dowell's New Negro Constitution, however, should be carried, that will settle all questions against us. Then beyond all doubt the negroes will have a right to vote, and the votes of white men be over matched with hope of remedy, by those of black runaway slaves, who have been in the county for a single year! How many of the wretched beings there are now here, I do not pretend-to know, but the lower end of the county is filled with them, and they are coming in daily. Every encouragement is held out for them to come here. They are hiding from their owners to do the work of those that conceal them, become thieves, drunkards, and finally perish miserable in our jails and poor houses, in which we are obliged to maintain them. The evil has been great heretofore, but it is light compared to what it soon shall be, unless we have courage to take effectual means to put an end to it. The people of the South will drive away the free negroes away from among them. Pennsylvania is the land of promise, and Bucks County the negro paradise. Here they are encouraged to come by the abolitionists; and here they will come, unless we shut them out, and say to the south, keep your own paupers! Besides these, every runaway slave directs his course to Bucks county, and his foot once upon our soil, he is flattered by the fools into whose hands he throws himself, that he is the equal to the whites now upon the land.      

       The convention met, pursuant to adjournment, when the Hon. Mr. Weston, from the committee to wait on Mr. Adams, reported that they had attended to the duty assigned them, and that Mr. Adams was pleased to reply that he would give his attendance.The following individuals appeared as delegates from the several towns in the District.Abington. Elisha Hobart, James Ford, Joshua King, Abner Curtis, Rev. Daniel Thomas, Samuel Reed, S. Vining, E.P. Dyer, M. Pool, Joseph Cleverly.Braintree. Minot Thayer, Joseph Richards, Asa French, Benjamin V. French, Samuel Hayden, Samuel Breck, John Hollis, 3d.Cohasset. George W. Collier, J.F. Moore.Dorchester. Richard Clapp, Orin P. Bacon, Otis Shepard, Isaac Howe, Wm. Hammond, H.W. Blanchard, L.W. Reed, Rufus Howe, James Foster.Duxbury. Gershom Bradford, G.B. Weston, A. Stetson.Plymouth. Ichabod Morton.Scituate. Cushing Otis, Samuel J. May, John B Turner, T.T. Bailey, W.T. Briggs, C.C. Briggs, A. Robbins, Clapp, N. Brooks, M. Fuller, W. Robbins.Weymouth. E. Richards, Dr. A. Howe, E. Humphrey, J. Whittemore, Quincy Loud, J. Dyer, Jr. J.W. Loud, F.A. Kingsbury, Warren Loud, A.N. Hunt, E.G. Hunt, Benjamin Terrell, Jr. P.N. Pratt, H.B. Cowing, Jacob Loud, Lewis Beal.Hanover. John Curtis, William Henderson, William Stockbridge, Jr.Quincy. Thomas Greenleaf, John Whitney, Harvey Field, Noah Curtis, Lewis Bass, James Newcomb, John Souther, Abner Willett, Ebenzer Woodward, Charles A. Brown, John A. Green, Horatio N. Glover.Plympton. Reuben Thompson.Kingston. George Russell, Samuel E. Cushman, David Daten, James Stetson, Justin Harlow.Marshfield. Luther Hatch, E.J. Sherman, E.P. Little, E. Ames, N.H. Whitney, E. Lovel, N. Phillips, L. Damon, D. Phillips.East Randolph. Dea. E. Holbrook, O. White, W.W. Linfield, James Tolman, Thaddeus French, C.S. Holbrook, C. White, S. Faxon.Randolph. W.P. Waldo, Charles Alden, E.S. Conant, J. Belcher, Jr.Sloughton. S. Talbot.Hingham. Thomas Loring, B. Lincoln, J. Lincoln.On motion, voted that any gentleman present, not a member of the Convention, wishing to participate in the discussion, be requested to take a seat.On motion of Mr. May, on the Committee of Publication, consisting of three. Whereupon Rev. Mr. May, Messrs. John A. Green and O.P. Bacon, were elected.Samuel Breck, Esq. moved the following amendment, viz. that the word 'any' be substituted for a free' people, in the first resolution.Rev. Mr. May requested leave, and was permitted to read a communication from the Rev. John Pierpont, written for the occasion. And on motion of George Russell, Esq. it was voted that the lines be published with the doings of the Convention.The Convention was then addressed at considerable length by the HON. JOHN Q. ADAMS. The speech will soon be published entire, agreeably to the request of the publishing Committee. We forbear to make any comments upon it at present. We would only say, it was received with much applause by the Convention.Rev. S.J. May again addressed the Convention in a brief though eloquent manner, after which the Convention dissolved.      Abington   Braintree   Cohasset   Dorchester   Duxbury   Plymouth   Scituate   Weymouth   Hanover   Quincy   Plympton   Kingston   Marshfield   East Randolph   Randolph   Sloughton   Hingham       any a free         

 'Why will the Providence Journal publish such incendiary attacks on Slavery, Texas and the South? Is this rancorous feeling to be fomented? Do the South assail New England? Might they not? If such gratuitous malignity is to be encouraged for the self-sufficient pretensions of puritan sanctimony, what becomes of the Union? Is it not enough that real distress and misery stalk over the land, without dragging in speculative notions and doctrinal disquisitions and dogmas on morals, that the world are to be made to swallow to gratify the pretensions of self called Saints?'— N.Y. Star.   N.Y. Star   

         Pursuant to previous notice, a delegation of young men from the several anti-slavery societies of this state, and others from several of the neighboring states, to the number of about two hundred, convened in this town on Tuesday last, and were organized by the election of theRev. DANIEL I. ROBINSON, of Plymouth, President; Rev. PROSPER DAVIDSON, HORACE EATON, and MOSES A. CARTLAND, Vice Presidents; TIMOTHY K. BLAISDELL, of Haverhill, and ABEL B. BURKE, of Hanover, Secretaries.Sundry letters from distinguished abolitionists, who had been invited, or who expected to attend the sittings of the convention, were read, and ordered to be printed with the proceedings of the convention.A committee for arranging the business of the session, consisting of Dr. Blake, Stephen S. Foster, Oliver Johnson, Nathaniel Southard and Eliphalet W. Jackson, having been previously appointed, reported for the consideration of the convention, the following resolution:Resolved, That it is the sense of this convention, that the anti-slavery cause would be greatly promoted by the formation in this state of a Young Men's Anti-Slavery Society; and that to carry this object into effect, the following committees be appointed:1. A committee of three to draft a constitution.2. A committee of one from each county represented in this convention to nominate officers, and to inquire into the propriety of employing agents.The adoption of the resolution was advocated by Messrs. Burroughs, Sewall, Chandler, Poster and Jackson; and its rejection was urged by Messrs. Root, Miller, Mack and Cass. There being a state society already existing, it was urged that the organization of another, not auxiliary but independent, would probably tend to produce confusion rather than harmony in their operations, and thus injure the cause it was the object of both to aid. It was suggested that the good of the cause would be better subserved by organizing as a convention, to meet annually, or to appoint a committee with power to call a convention of the young men whenever and as often as might be deemed expedient. Much diversity of opinion seemed to prevail on opening the discussion, which happily gave way as it progressed, and the resolution was finally rejected by a very strong majority.The following resolutions were reported by the business committee, and unanimously adopted:Resolved, That we earnestly deprecate the threatened 'annexation of Texas,' as involving an uncontrollable preponderancy of slaveholding spirit and policy in our national councils, and thwarting the glorious movements of our fellow men, the 'semibarbarous Mexicans,' in the cause of human freedom.Resolved, That in order to prevent this catastrophe, it is of the highest importance that remonstrances be immediately circulated in all the free states; and that we call upon the people of New-Hampshire, and especially upon the young men, as they value their own rights, and deprecate the extension of the foul system of slavery, to speak out on this question in tones which their representatives will not dare to disregard.Resolved, That hostility, or indifference to the anti-slavery cause in a young New Hampshire man is a dishonor to his generous time of life, his humanity, his fathers before him, and the very 'freedom-breathing' mountains of his native north.Resolved, That the young anti-slavery men of New-Hampshire stand pledged before God and man, to a large state quota of the toll, the sacrifice, the reproach, and if need be, the HAZARD of the great abolition enterprise, and that sound economy leads them to more liberal expenditure in all these at the outset.Resolved, That our hearts shall be with the veteran Adams when again we shall, as we trust soon to see him in Congress, confronting slaveholders to the very beard, in defence of the invaluable right of petition.Upon the adoption of this resolution, it was ordered that a copy be transmitted to Mr. Adams as a token of the high estimation in which this convention hold his resolute and able defence of the right of petition.Resolved, That the pity, the discountenance and the sorrowing disowner of the young men of New-Hampshire, rest upon our recreant delegation in Congress, who helped wed the country to everlasting infamy and slavery, in the admission of Arkansas with her bloody constitution.Dr. Blake offered the following resolution, which was advocated by him and by Mr. Burroughs, and adopted:Whereas, God hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth— Therefore,Resolved, That the prejudice exercised by the white inhabitants of the north against the people of color, is unreasonable, unnatural and wicked.Adjourned to to-morrow morning, eight o'clock.In the evening a numerous and highly respectable auditory were much gratified in attending to a lecture upon the abolition of slavery and upon the district, territorial and inter-state slave trade, and the annexation of Texas to the United States, by WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq. of Boston.           Resolved           Resolved semibarbarous Mexicans,   Resolved   Resolved young man generous time of life   Resolved   Resolved     Resolved     Whereas   Resolved        WEDNESDAY, August 23.   Prayer was offered by the Rev. D.W. Burroughs.Upon the report of the business committee, the following resolutions were read, discussed and adopted.Resolved, That the Faculty of Dartmouth College, by disregarding all distinction on account of color, in the admission of students, has struck an effectual blow at the monster prejudice, and set an example worthy of imitation by all the literary-institutions of our country.Resolved, That the existence of slavery, and of the odious traffic in human flesh, which that system nourishes in the District of Columbia, is a disgrace to us as a nation, and brands with hypocrisy our solemn professions of regard for the inalienable rights of man.Resolved, That as Congress possesses the right of 'exclusive jurisdiction in all cases whatsoever' over that District, it is the duty of that body immediately to exercise its constitutional power for the overthrow of that system of oppression which makes us the scorn and by-word of the tyrants of other lands, and which, if it be not speedily removed, will bring upon us the judgments of an offended God.Resolved, That as the people of the free states have a majority of representatives on the floor of Congress, they are mainly responsible for the continuance of slavery and the slave trade in the capital of the nation; and that they can never be accounted sincere in their professions of opposition to slavery while they neglect to use the power placed in their hands to annihilate these abominations.Resolved, That it is the imperious duty of the people of the free states to send up their earnest petitions to Congress for the immediate abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia, and to select such men to represent them in that body as will not sacrifice the principles of human freedom on the altar of party selfishness and ambition.Resolved, That this convention appoint a Central Committee of five young men, residing in Concord, or its vicinity, whose duty it shall be— 1st, to prepare a declaration of sentiments, embodying the fundamental principles on which the anti-slavery societies in this country have been formed, and to circulate it for signatures among the young men of the state. 2d, to correspond with the young men throughout the state in relation to the best means to be adopted to promote the anti-slavery cause. 3d, to co-operate with the executive committee of the state anti-slavery society in employing an agent, raising funds, and carrying forward its systems of operations with the zeal and efficiency which the interests of the cause require.Resolved, That 'the base bowing of the knee to the dark spirit of slavery,' on the part of the president of the United States, as manifested in his pledge to veto any bill passed by Congress for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia against the wishes of the slaveholding states, is worthy of the condemnation of the friends of freedom every where, and an alarming proof that slavery is rapidly destroying among us that regard for the principles of genuine republicanism, which is the safeguard of our free institutions.Resolved, That the great objects of impartial liberty and equal rights for which we are laboring, are far superior to any of the principles or measures which divide the contending political parties of the present day.Resolved, That our anti-slavery principles do not make it necessary for us to desert the political parties to which we are attached; but we consider it our duty to do all in our power to purify our respective parties from all participation in the great political sin of the nation.Resolved, That when a political man of whatever party or rank uses the weight of his influence and office for the support of slavery, no personal or party preferences shall restrain us from denouncing their conduct, and holding it up to the abhorrence of the nation and of the world.Resolved, That in the opinion of this convention, the sum of five thousand dollars ought to be raised in this state before the annual meeting of the state society in June next; one third of which sum to be expended under the direction of the state society, and the remainder under the direction of the American society.Resolved, That we deem it proper to repeat the sentiment so often expressed by abolitionists, of hostility to the principles and measures of the various colonization societies which exist in our country; that we regard them as obstructions to the cause of emancipation, and as tending powerfully to increase that prejudice which is crushing to the earth those whose condition we are laboring to improve and elevate.Resolved, That though we have embodied ourselves in societies with primary reference to the emancipation of the slaves in this country, yet we believe our own liberties are at stake in this contest, for it seems to us an evident and startling truth, that we must destroy slavery by our moral power, or slavery, by its corrupting influence, will annihilate our liberty.Resolved, That those who have not yet made up their minds on the subject of slavery, may soon be compelled to do it, when the chains which the south are now forging for the people of the north shall have been fastened on their own limbs.Resolved, That the activity with which the foreign slave-trade is still carried on, notwithstanding it has been condemned by our laws as piracy, furnishes conclusive evidence that that disgraceful traffic can never be prevented while slavery continues, and that our government is required by their principles and professions to take some energetic measures to suppress it.Resolved, That the recent refusal of the state legislature of 1836 and senate of 1837 to incorporate the Free Baptist Home Missionary Society, for the alleged reason that the Morning Star, the organ of the Baptist denomination, advocated the principles of immediate emancipation, was a daring attempt to muzzle the press, and to gag the mouths of the friends of freedom and humanity, and a foul stain on the free institutions of the granite state.Resolved, That while we highly appreciate the happy influence the abolition women of New Hampshire have exerted in behalf of bleeding humanity, we do most earnestly entreat them by all that they hold sacred, by all that is dear to the female heart, to come to the rescue in one unbroken phalanx, and to exert that irresistible influence with which their Creator has so wisely and richly endowed them in favor of the suffering slave.Resolved, That every man who assists in any way in restoring to his master the slave who has escaped from bondage, involves himself in the guilt of man-stealing, and violates that commandment which God gave to the children of Israel in Deut. 23: 15, 16. 'Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant which is escaped from his master unto thee: he shall dwell with thee, even among you, in that place which liketh him best: thou shalt not oppress him.'Resolved, That it is the duty of the editors of newspapers and periodicals, whether religious or political, to advocate the cause of the slave, and to warn the people of the conspiracy against the in alienable rights of mankind which has been entered into by the supporters and apologists of slavery; and that those editors who are either indifferent to this subject, or who cast their influence on the side of the slaveholder, are false to their trust.Resolved, That feeling our dependence on the God of the poor and oppressed for the success of our cause, we earnestly recommend to all the friends of righteous liberty to be constant in their attendance upon the monthly concert of prayer for the slaves and slaveholders the last Monday evening in each month.Resolved, That those professed ministers of the gospel, and members of professedly christian churches, who refuse to 'open their mouths for the dumb,' and like the Priest and Levite of old, 'pass by on the other side,' leaving the slave to perish in his house of bondage,— who maintain that slavery, under certain circumstances, is justified by the bible, and who hold church fellowship with the robbers of God's perishing poor, are thereby upholding the system of slavery, with all its uncounted horrors and abominations; and that their conduct should call forth the stern rebuke of all the friends of impartial liberty and the cause of God.Resolved, That it is the solemn duty of every minister and christian, and of every church and ecclesiastical body in the free states, to bear a faithful and unwavering testimony against slavery in all circumstances, but particularly as it is practised by professing ministers and christian at the south.Resolved, That it is the duty of teachers in our schools and seminaries, and of professors in colleges and theological institutions, not only to tolerate in its fullest extent the right of free discussion on the question of human rights, but to instil into the minds of the children and youth under their care the great principles of civil and religious liberty, in order that they may be prepared to discharge the responsible duties which will soon devolve upon them.Resolved. That those ministers and other individuals who profess so much alarm for the deterioration of female character on account of the active cooperation of women in the work of emancipation, but who are silent in respect to the atrocities of slavery— a system which degrades more than a million of females to the condition of chattels and denies them all protection for their virtue— are like the pharisees of old, who 'strained at a gnat and swallowed a camel.'Resolved, That the 'Clerical Appeal,' recently put forth by the five clergymen of Boston and vicinity; and the manifesto issued by a portion of the students of Andover theological seminary, have inflicted a wound upon the cause of emancipation, by affording aid and comfort to its enemies, and by the unfounded charges, unwarrantable insinuations, and glaring inconsistencies, with which they abound.Resolved, That slavery instead of being guarantied by the constitution of the United States, is at war with the fundamental principles of that instrument, and tends powerfully to thwart the great object for which it was formed.Resolved, That the present anti-slavery movements are not only consistent with the constitution, but designed to carry into effect the purposes for which it was ordained and established, viz: 'to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defence, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.'Resolved, That the oft-repeated threat of the south to dissolve the Union unless the people of the north will consent to remain silent in relation to the horrors of slavery, proceeding as it does from that spirit of usurpation and madness which is generated alone in the hot bed of oppression, is only calculated to excite our contempt and indignation; and that we will never be driven by it from the performance of the duties required of us by the claims of suffering humanity and the voice of God.Resolved, That acquiescing silently in the enslavement of a single man of our colored countrymen, is a virtual forfeiture and abandonment of American liberty.Resolved, That in lieu of enlisting our young energies in the ignoble strife of electing contending demagogues to political office, we come here with the devotion of young Hannibal, to pledge our strength, under God, to the cause of American emancipation.Resolved, That the resolution passed at the recent county association in Littleton in this state, shutting up the pulpit against the advocate of the perishing slave, is alike hard hearted and regardless of the sufferings of our countrymen in bondage, and in violation of the rights and property of pew-holders, and of the right of 'free discussion.'Resolved, That the abolitionists of the several towns in this state be requested prior to the next March election to ask from every candidate for town representatives an explicit answer to the following question:'Will you, or will you not, vote to rescind the resolutions passed by the legislature in January 1837, which declared that the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia would be a violation of the public faith?'Resolved, That we consider the Herald of Freedom an able and well conducted advocate of free discussion, human rights, and the cause of universal emancipation, and as such deserves the patronage of an enlightened community, and especially of every true hearted abolitionist in the 'granite state.'Resolved, That this convention earnestly recommend to individual abolitionists to take measures for the circulation of the anti-slavery almanac, so that it may be placed in every family in the state.Resolved, That this convention appoint a committee of three to draft an address to the young men of New-Hampshire, to be published with its proceedings.Resolved, That the central committee be requested to correspond with the members of congress from this state, and request an expression of opinion from them on the subject of the annexation of Texas, slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia, and the right of petition.Resolved, That the thanks of this convention be tendered to the proprietors of this church for kindly opening their house, and generously giving us the use of it during this meeting.Resolved, That the central committee appointed by this convention be authorized to call a meeting of the convention on the third Tuesday in August next, and to consider the propriety of holding county conventions.Resolved, That we recommend to every friend of freedom to abstain as far as possible from the use of the products of slave labor.On motion, a committee, consisting of Rev. Daniel I. Robinson of Plymouth, Cyrus P. Bradley of Concord, and George S. Towle of Meredith, was appointed to prepare an address to the young men of New-Hampshire, upon the subject of slavery, the slave trade, and their duties in relation thereto; and that they cause the same to be published with the proceedings of this convention.Ordered, That the subject of publishing the proceedings of the convention be under the direction of the Executive or Central Committee.The business of the convention being closed, an address was delivered in the evening by WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq., taking a general view of the demoralizing effects and other evils and abomination of slavery; exhorting the young men— who have so nobly begun to exert their efforts in the work of reforming a corrupt public sentiment— to persevere therein until the demon of slavery shall be driven from our country, and until every one, without distinction of caste or color, shall be free, and the whole length and breadth of our otherwise happy land shall cease to be a market place for human chattels.      Resolved prejudice   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved five thousand dollars   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defence, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved American emancipation   Resolved   Resolved     Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved   Resolved     Ordered    free human      CYRUS P. BRADLEY of Concord,WM. H. HEYWOOD of Gilmanton,GEORGE PORTER of Concord,DAVID P. ROWE of Boscawen,R.S. MORRILL of Canterbury.        

              BOSTON, Aug. 18, 1837.   MR. PORTER,— In relation to the matter which has been called out by the article in your paper, to which our names and those of some of our brethren are subscribed, we have only to say at present, that we shall wait and take time for consideration, before making up our minds what notice we are called upon, by a regard for the good of the cause, to take of these personal attacks. We were actuated by a desire to promote the blessed cause of humanity, in naming things which we were sure were greatly hindering its progress. We expected to suffer personally; and for the present suffer patiently under the imputations which have been cast upon us. If the good of the cause seems to require it we shall, after due deliberation, speak farther. We do not intend however to be goaded into a personal warfare. In the mean time, we shall be faithfully doing what we can for the promotion of the general object. We are constantly receiving intelligence from different parts of the State, and out of it, by letter and otherwise, that the feelings which we have expressed are general, and that in the estimation of those who most sincerely desire the immediate emancipation of the enslaved, there was abundant occasion for making these feelings public. To use an expression of a brother who has labored abundantly in the cause, as an agent, and who has written us on the subject, it is believed that 'the Appeal was well timed, only perhaps it ought to have been made months ago.' If however any are disposed to doubt whether we had good reason for such an Appeal, we think their doubts will be entirely removed, by the replies which have already been made to it by our opponents.     CHARLES FITCH,JOSEPH H. TOWNE.      

       BROOKLYN, Ct. Aug. 16, 1837.    J.H. KIMBALL,My dear Coadjutor,— Although your friendly and spirit-stirring letter, inviting me to attend the Young Men's State Anti-Slavery Convention, to be held in Concord on the 22d inst. was received at an early date, I had previously made an engagement to address the people of this county on the 21st, a relation to the admission of Texas into the Union, and am therefore obliged to forego the thrilling pleasure of taking a part in your deliberations. Not having yet completed half of three-score years and ten, I may be allowed, on the score of age, to rank myself as A YOUNG MAN with the members of your convention; and by affinity of sentiment, and [ ]dred zeal in defence of the weak against the powerful, in love of country and of universal liberty, I claim to have my name enrolled upon your list. E. Pluribus Unum.The rallying together of a portion (a large portion, I hope, but whether large or small, the best portion) of the young men of New Hampshire, [ ] this tremendous crisis, for the purpose of deliberating upon the best plan to be adopted for the preservation of our own liberties, and for the emancipation of the millions who are in our midst as slaves, is equally a test and an exhibition of character, at once patriotic and magnanimous. In venturing to style them the best portion of the young men of New Hampshire, (including, of course, those who shall unavoidably be absent) my object is neither to flatter them nor to disparage others, but simply to anticipate the sure and honorable verdict of an enlightened, impartial and enfranchised posterity. Personally, with very few exceptions, I know them not; and yet, so exactly do I know what qualities are indispensable, in troubled and perilous times, to make men, whether young or old, willing to stand forth and unflinchingly ''bide the peltings of the pitiless storm'— willing, for the sake of truth and in the cause of right, to make themselves of no reputation, and to be the martyrs of the age is which they live— I am almost certain that an extraordinary share of physical endurance, intellectual endowment, moral courage, and christian philanthropy, will be found in the convention, 'our enemies themselves being judges.' I may therefore most appropriately adopt the language of the venerable apostle who was banished to Patmos— 'I write you, YOUNG MEN, because ye are STRONG.' I trust it may be added with as much propriety— 'FOR THE WORD OF GOD ABIDETH WITH YOU, and ye have overcome the wicked one.'There have been dark and gloomy periods in the history of this nation, but none so dark, none so gloomy, none so full of solemnity as the present. The suspense was indeed awful throughout the revolutionary struggle— for the conflict between liberty and despotism was most unequal, and at times seemed to be approaching a fatal termination. Washington, and Adams, and Hancock, were [ ] laws. The men who gave their signatures to the declaration of independence knew not but an ominous death upon the gallows would be their fate. Those who battled for their rights were regarded and threatened as traitors. But the people of the colonies, as a body, were united— a thousand natural advantages, arising from their remoteness from the mother country, were on their side— the colossal power of France came seasonably to their assistance— and, terminate as that contest might their ultimate independence in the course of time was certain. The embargo and the war of 1813&#15015, constituted another trying period, but less palling in its aspect, and far less doubtful in its issue, than that of the revolution. At each of these periods, however, some of the wisest and most patriotic found their hearts occasionally failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which seemed to threaten the destruction of the land. What, then, ought to be the feelings of every [ ] of his country, every friend of his race, at the present time?Will it be asked, what reason is there for sadness or dismay? why should we not eat, drink, and be merry? are we not a mighty and prosperous people? who can do us any harm? Such questions are asked, daily, not by men of reflection and foresight— not by those who realize, in the total overthrow of ancient nations, how fearful a thing it is for a guilty people to fall into the hands of the living God, and especially to contend with Jehovah of hosts, as if he were such an one as themselves— but they are asked by the affectedly wise, who wear the cap and bells of folly as a crown of wisdom; by the basely selfish, who think of nothing, care for nothing; aim at nothing, but the promotion of their own private ends; by the shamelessly corrupt, whose hearts are more indurated than granite; by the culpably ignorant, who are willing to be led by the nose like beasts, whenever and wherever aspiring demagogues may elect; by the stupidly indifferent, who deprecate nothing so much as excitement, and whose cry is, 'Yet a little more sleep, a little more slumber, a little more folding of the hands to sleep;' by the hypocritically patriotic, who theorize like angels, but act like devils. To all these questions, the prophet Nahum furnishes an apposite and most emphatic reply:— 'Wo to the bloody land! it is all full of lies and robberies; the prey departeth not; the noise of the WHIP, and the noise of the rattling of the wheels, and of the prancing horses, and of the jumping chariots. ... Art thou, (Columbia!) better than populous No, that was situate among the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and her wall was from the sea? Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were her helpers. Yet she was carried away, she went into captivity: her young children also were dashed to pieces at the top of all the streets: and they cast lots for her honorable men, and all her great men were bound in chains. ... There is no healing of thy bruise; thy wound is grievous: all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee: for upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually?'What shall we say of the discernment or understanding of those, who, because the globe turns quite regularly on its axis, and the sun rises and sets precisely as it has been wont to do since the creation, and the moon gives her borrowed light without any diminution, and the seasons alternate with no perceptible variation, and the trees bud and blossom and bear fruit abundantly, and seed-time and harvest fail not, and the earth looks as green and beautiful as ever, and the face of the heavens is perfectly serene— are so infatuated as to dream that all is safe in the moral world, and that the pillars of our republic, like those of the universe, will stand securely until come 'the wreck of matter and the crush of worlds?' Alas! that they constitute so large a number of our population! 'Our fate,' says an eminent statesman, 'is not foretold by signs and wonders: the meteors do not indeed glare in the form of types, and print it legibly in the sky; but our warning is as distinct, and almost as awful, as if it were announced in thunder by the concussion of all the elements.' Was the globe arrested in its revolution when Edom was cast down, and the light of his glory extinguished as in a moment?— Edom, who dwelt in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation was high, who exalted himself as an eagle, and set his nest among the stars; and who said in the pride of his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground? Did not the sun shine brightly, and the moon reflect his beams, when Tyre was made a desolation and a terror?— Tyre, who filled many people, and enriched the kings of the earth with the multitude of her riches and of her merchandise, and was the renowned city strong in the sea, the anointed cherub upon the holy mountain of God. Were the seasons utterly changed, when Babylon was spoiled, and became heaps, and a dwelling-place for dragons, an astonishment and a hissing, without an inhabitant?— Babylon, who had her princes and her wise men, her captains, and her rulers, and her mighty men, and her broad walls, and her high gates. Was the earth smitten with barrenness when Jerusalem was made to swim in the blood of her inhabitants, and her temples and palaces were burned with fire, and she was utterly wasted?— Jerusalem, the chosen of the Lord, and the glory of the nations! No. In none of these instances of judicial visitation on account of national transgressions, did Nature, by changing her laws or altering her aspect give premonitory warnings that destruction was at hand.So in regard to this country. The stars shine brightly over our heads, the ground upon which we tread is firm, and our rivers are sending their waters peacefully to the sea. Are we therefore safe? We are upon the brink of a fatal precipice! Another step, and, as far as human foresight can reach, ALL IS LOST. What constitutes our guilt, and wherein is our condemnation as a people? 'Our hands are defiled with blood, and our fingers with iniquity; our lips have spoken lies, our tongue hath muttered perverseness. None calleth for justice, nor any pleadeth for truth. The act of violence is in our hands, and we make haste to shed innocent blood. As for our iniquities, we know them; in transgressing and lying against the Lord, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood. And judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off: for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter. Yea, truth faileth; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey.'This is our condition, this our criminality, and this our liability to punishment. Blessed be God, however, the above description is not literally correct in every particular. There are some who call for justice, and not a few who plead for truth, and the number is increasing continually. There are trumpet-tones issuing from the hills and fastnesses of the GRANITE STATE, and the ROCKY MOUNTAINS are sending back their echoes!Young men of New-Hampshire! Remember the guilt of your country! For two hundred years her soil has been stained with human blood— blood warm and fresh,— the blood of innocence! She is now engaged in completing the extinction of the red men of the forest, once the occupants and owners of her soil, once multitudinous and powerful! For a period of almost two centuries, she illuminated all Africa with the flames of midnight conflagrations, kidnapped hundreds of thousands of her sable children, and made the Atlantic ocean populous with dead victims! She has buried like dogs, at least two millions of slaves, who were doomed to drag out a miserable existence in chains and slavery, on her own soil, until emancipated by death! She is yet holding in an iron bondage more than two millions of the descendants of Africa, waxing worse and worse in cruelty, growing more and more desperate in spirit, and hardening her heart continually against God! From this vast multitude, she withholds the Bible, all personal and civil rights, the sanctity of marriage, even the knowledge of the alphabet, all protection by law, and ranks and treats them as cattle and creeping things— selling woman by the pound, the infant from its nursing mother, and parents from their children, in lots to suit purchasers! She has purchased of foreign nations territories of immense extent, for the express purpose of extending slavery and the slave trade! Not satisfied with these, she has recently invaded a foreign territory in violation of her national faith, revolutionized and conquered it, acknowledged its independence, and now intends annexing it to her soil, for the same diabolical purpose— namely, to speed the 'trade in slaves and the souls of men!'Remember the situation of your country!— Recreant to her own heaven-attested principles! Perjured before a horror-stricken world! A by-word and a hissing among the monarchists and despots of Europe! Now fearfully exposed to the exterminating judgments of heaven!Remember that LIBERTY is crucified in your country, and all her true worshippers are branded as madmen, fanatics, and incendiaries! That the constitution is trampled under foot, 'a blurred an tattered parchment,' by a slaveholding faction and their northern adherents! That the 'self-evident truths' embodied in the declaration of independence are now ridiculed by the rulers in church and state, as 'rhetorical flourishes' and 'splendid absurdities!' That the inalienable rights of man are legally made to depend upon the color of his skin! That freedom of speech and the press, without which men had better be in their graves, is not tolerated in one half of the Union, and scarcely permitted even upon the GRANITE HILLS of republican New Hampshire! That the Union itself gives no protection to those who dare to believe, ay, and to say, that slaveholding is in all cases a sin against God, and war upon mankind!— That a price is set by southern legislatures upon the heads of northern freemen, guilty of no crime! That it is death by lynch law, and a penitentiary offence by express statute, to obey the scriptural injunction— 'Open thy mouth for the dumb, in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction. Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy.' That the sacred right of petition is struck down to the earth by the despotic arm of Congress! That Texas is knocking for admission into the Union, to aid in subjugating the freemen of the North, and compel them to wear a southern yoke! That anarchy prevails in all parts of the land, mob-law against the advocates of liberty being sanctioned and administered by judges, lawyers, and the officers of government, both in church and state, as well as by the ignorant multitude! That even in New Hampshire,— so excessively boastful of her regard for democracy— a talented, respectable and beloved minister of the gospel, while in the solemn act of prayer, has been dragged from the pulpit by men clothed in the panoply of law, tried and condemned as a vagabond and brawler, and sentenced to imprisonment, merely because he intended to express his views upon the subject of southern slavery, and to examine that horrid system in the light of revelation, and to measure it by our republican standard! And remember, too, that by assembling together as an anti-slavery convention, each and all of you, on being apprehended in any State south of the Potomac, would be deemed worthy of stripes, and covered with a coat of tar and feathers, thrown into a loathsome prison, and perhaps suspended upon gibbets, even without the form of a trial by law! You would be safer in the hands of Turks and Arabs, of the pirates of the deep, than in those of American slaveholders!Remember, then, the high, solemn and affecting responsibilities which now rest upon you— responsibilities which you cannot evade but at the peril of your souls, and to the certain destruction of your country. You are young men, and are therefore more deeply interested in the future, than if your locks were whitened with age. You are young men, into whose hands the reins of government are soon to fall, unless indeed tyranny shall succeed in overshadowing all the land; and whatever of reform is necessary to be done must be accomplished by you; for labor is not for the aged who are weak, but for young men who are strong. Should you be reproached for being engaged in the work of reformation, reply in the words of THOMAS JEFFERSON, who is venerated as an oracle by the democrats of New Hampshire— 'This enterprise is for the young— for those who can follow it up, and bear it through to its consummation.' Your State needs to be thoroughly regenerated. Not Georgia itself is more obsequious to southern despotism in Congress, than New Hampshire. Look at the conduct of your representatives, going all lengths with the south in opposition to the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia, and in casting the petitions of the people back into their faces! Look at their vote in favor of admitting Arkansas into the Union as a slaveholding State!— Look at the extraordinary conduct of your republican legislature! Look at the still more extraordinary message of your republican governor! Tell your people that they must act as consistent democrats, or be branded as hypocrites and liars— and let them see to it that their representatives do not trample upon liberty, equality, and the rights of man. Whoever apologizes for oppression, and takes the side of the strong against the weak, and denies that all men are born free and equal, is not a democrat, but (if he pretends to be one) is a political wolf in sheep's clothing. Beware of such a man, and trust him not!The question, whether it is best to organize yourselves into a State Society, is an important one, and will doubtless be fully discussed by you. My own convictions are, that you ought to organize, either as a society or as a convention to meet annually— but at all events TO ORGANIZE. My reasons are, briefly, because 'in union there is strength'— because nothing effectual has been done in this cause except by organization— and because there is nothing which the slaveholders and their allies deprecate and fear more than our combined forces; and the fact that they are striving by every political and sectarian artifice to divide us, shows us clearly what is our duty— for it is a safe rule to disregard their advice in every thing except stirring up their slaves to revolt, and justifying them in fighting for liberty!This letter is very prolix— but you will readily 'pardon something to the spirit of freedom.'    My dear Coadjutor E. Pluribus Unum   best them others     are  the prey departeth not; and it was infinite;     We are upon the brink of a fatal precipice! he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey.'         republican say, plead the cause of the poor and needy.'   young republican republican   you ought to organize, combined to divide us,      Your faithful coadjutor,WM. LLOYD GARRISON.       

     ACTON, Aug. 17, 1837.   DEAR BROTHERS FITCH AND TOWNE,— I am so much pleased with your Appeal, that I cannot refrain from penning you a letter thereon. I mean now the general tone of the epistle. If Rev. Mr. White employs slave-labor, he upholds slavery, and may perhaps be said to be as bad as a slaveholder, though he is not a slaveholder. A man may do a great many wicked things, and be as bad as a slaveholder, and still not be a slaveholder. I am an abolitionist, and I am so in the strictest sense of the term; but I never swallowed Wm. Lloyd Garrison, and I never tried to swallow him. If that be the 'Shiboleth,'— if that be the test, I am no abolitionist and never was, though I have said and done for the cause what I have. I have seen, as I think, in Mr. Garrison, a decided wish, nay, a firm resolve, in laboring to overthrow slavery, to overthrow the Christian Sabbath, and the Christian ministry. His doctrine is, that every day is a Sabbath, and every man his own minister. There are no Christian ordinances,— there is no visible church. Here I would add also the notion of his, that the people have no right under God to frame a government of laws to protect themselves against those who would injure them, and that man can apply physical force to man rightfully under no circumstances, and not even the parent can apply the rod to the child, and not be, in the sight of God, a trespasser and a tyrant. I became alarmed some months since, for the cause of abolition in such hands, But I then thought Mr. Garrison inadvertently, in his speeches and in his writings, threw out these peculiar views of his. But I am now well satisfied that with the cause of abolition he is determined to carry forward and propagate and enforce his peculiar theology. He is not satisfied to teach his readers and hearers the truth as he holds it in reference to slavery and its abolition, but he must indoctrinate them, too, on human governments and family government and the Christian ministry and the Christian Sabbath, and the Christian ordinances. Slavery is not merely to be abolished, but nearly everything else. In pulling up the tares, we are to root up the wheat also.Now I cannot act with such associates. I am willing to act with all those who hold to the fundamentals of Christianity. But here is the point: suppose on a sudden Fanny Wright and A. Kneel - and with his Investigator, should declare for abolition, and I see, however, that in almost every speech they make, and in most that they publish, they are sure to sift in their peculiar notions about God, and the Bible, and Christian institutions,— could I employ them as lecturers? could I print and circulate their writings? No.I think something ought to be done. Our cause suffers because it is encumbered with these foreign matters. Good men say, we are abolitionists, and would go with you most heartily, if your lecturers and writers did not attack the Sabbath, and the Christian ministry, and the churches, and all civil and family government. We know slavery is a sin, and that it ought immediately to be abolished; and combined moral influence would probably do it with help from God. But that help we think will be withheld, and ought to be withheld, until the attack ceases upon what we believe is very dear to God.We are not willing for the sake of killing the rats, to burn the house down with all it contains. We are not willing, in overthrowing slavery, to overthrow government, civil and domestic, the Sabbath and the church and ministry.Now, here is the pinch,— abolition would go ahead if it could cut loose from these incumbrances— these foreign things that so hinder.It seems to me, our friends, if they love the cause of abolition, will desist immediately from this attack upon what is entirely foreign from it. What should we think of our Baptist brethren, if in all their discourses and writings on abolition, they should keep sifting it in that there was no Christian baptism but immersion? And who of us would employ Mr. Garrison as an agent, if he did so? and what would they think of us if we kept sifting it in as much and as often as we thought people would bear it, that sprinkling was the true form of baptism, and that infant children of believers are among the proper subjects? And who would employ a man as an anti-slavery editor or lecturer, who occasionally wrote and lectured to prove the Bible a cunningly devised fable?Desert the cause of abolition? No— never. But desert Mr. Garrison, I would, if I ever followed him. But I never did. I once tried to like his paper— took it one year and paid for it, and stopped it because that, though it did well on abolition on one page, it would say something on the other to injure it, which something, too, did not concern the point of abolishing slavery. For what has it to do with abolishing slavery, whether the Sabbath be a Christian institution— or there be any rightful government civil or family, or any visible church? Instead of being pure abolition, I considered the Liberator a sort of mixture of almost every thing that I did not love. What there was of pure abolition in it I liked. Like the veal in a French soup, I liked it— the whole of it— but I could not swallow the onions, and the garlic, and the spice, and the pepper.Now we have enough to do, all must see, to raise two and a half millions of men, degraded now to the level of brutes, to the summit level of humanity. But if with this we are to overthrow all human governments, all family government, the Christian Sabbath and the churches— why I must stop lifting. It is of no use. The cause can never go— and never ought to if it could. I had as soon my son should be taught that the Bible is not true, as that I have not the right, under God, to chastise him; for he now understands that if done, it is done by the direct sanction of the Almighty.  as bad as a slaveholder abolition he is determined to carry forward and propagate and enforce his peculiar theology                   Yours, truly,J.T. WOODBURY.     P.S. No doubt, if you break with Garrison, some will say, 'you are no abolitionists,'— for with some, Garrison is the god of their idolatry. He embodies abolition. He is abolition personified and incarnate.— Ib.  Ib   

           SIR:— Your letter is a 'clerical' curiosity. To those who are acquainted with you, the most expressive term that can be applied to it— perhaps the severest— is to say that it is perfectly characteristic. In elegance [ ]diction, refinement of taste, and serenity of temper— in brotherly kindness, christian suavity, and 'clerical' disinterestedness— in manner and matter, argument and illustration, candor and logic— it is a very rare composition. 'I never swallowed William Lloyd Garrison, and I never tried to swallow him,' is a piece of information, at once highly important and most forcibly expressed. It is a modest puff of Mr. Woodbury's bravery, independence, foresight, and sagaciousness, given by himself to himself. It is not less charitable than modest, in its 'insinuation,' ('the meanest and vilest form of lying,'*) that other persons— that abolitionists generally— have not merely tried to 'swallow' me, but have actually succeeded in swallowing me, and even made me 'the god of their idolatry.' Your distaste is not an isolated case. The robbers of God's poor, the supporters of lynch law, the chief priests, scribes and pharisees, have all been unable to 'swallow Wm. Lloyd Garrison,' and, like yourself, have never 'tried to swallow him.' In this particular, then, you are all agreed. For myself, I feel within me the instinct of self-preservation too strongly to be willing to allow either man or beast to swallow me, either in a figurative or literal sense. I desire to remain uneaten: my earnest entreaty is, that no man will think of making a meal of me, either in the gross, or in choice proportions. The conscience, humanity and good taste, displayed by you, are worthy of all praise— you have 'never tried to swallow' me— there is nothing of the cannibal in your disposition— in other words, you are not 'a wolf in sheep's clothing.'But this is too serious a matter for pleasantry. What is your disclaimer, sir, but a wanton impeachment of the self-respect, intelligence and piety of the thousands and tens of thousands of abolitionists, whose voices are cheering me on as I advance toward the citadel of slavery? You make a parade of your independence of thought and action, as if you were a prodigy— the eighth wonder of the world! You blow a blast through a penny trumpet, to arouse the nation to a sense of the fact, that you refuse to swallow a certain man, and are not guilty of idolatry! Your language, virtually, is as follows:— 'All you who patronize the Liberator, and approve of the general course pursued by its editor, are nothing better than base and servile tools, or blind and infatuated supporters, or weak and ignorant dupes. Mr. Garrison is the god of your idolatry. You live, and move, and have your being, in him alone. His thoughts are yours— his understanding and conscience yours— his ipse dixit yours. You have 'swallowed' him— put him on— and he is as Christ unto you! But as for myself, I, James T. Woodbury, a 'clerical' teacher in Acton, make known unto you and to all the world, that I have never tried to swallow Wm. Lloyd Garrison. I have too much wisdom and strength, too much intelligence and virtue, too high a regard for the laws of God, to be tamely led by the nose, or be guilty of the sin of idolatry.' This, then, is a personal attack, not merely upon myself as one desiring to be worshipped as a god, but upon the great body of American abolitionists, who have uniformly given me the right hand of fellowship— upon such men as William Goodell, Elizur Wright, Jr., Arthur and Lewis Tappan, Beriah Green, Amos A. Phelps. James G. Birney, Gerrit Smith, and a host of others now ardently engaged in the anti-slavery cause. I leave it with these tried coadjutors and best friends of bleeding humanity to treat the aspersion as it deserves.It is your boast that you have not swallowed the editor of this paper. Let us see. What do the slave-drivers of the South, and their northern apologists, consider as tantamount to 'swallowing Garrison'? This— the abandonment of the Colonization Society, and the adoption of the national Anti-Slavery Declaration. From the commencement of the campaign up to the present time, every man, who has joined the anti-slavery ranks, has had to endure the opprobrium of being stigmatized as 'a Garrison man,' or 'a Garrisonite,' or in your choice phraseology, as 'swallowing Garrison.' This is personal experience and historical fact. When my friend Arthur Tappan espoused my abolition sentiments, he became, in popular language, 'a Garrisonite'— and so did James G. Birney. The rod which was held in terrorem over the heads of the people, by the rulers in church and state, to prevent their joining the abolition ranks, was, that by such a procedure they must be branded as 'Garrison men.' That rod is still held up, and it has frightened many a man from the performance of a high and solemn duty, because he has loved the praise of men more than the favor of God. Now, what does J.T. Woodbury say?— Hear him!— 'I am an abolitionist, and I am so in the strictest sense of that term.' Of course, then, you believe that the Colonization Society is a work of the devil, the prince of slaveholders; that every slaveholder is a man-stealer, whether he is a layman, priest, or doctor of divinity; that to enslave a man is to dethrone the Almighty; that immediate emancipation, without compensation or expatriation, is the duty of the master and the right of the slave; that prejudice against men on account of their complexion is sinful; and that the cord of caste between the white and black man ought to be burned with fire. Ask the editors of the New York Observer, Boston Recorder, Vermont Chronicle, and Christian Mirror, whether this is not 'swallowing Garrison.'O! but I, James T. Woodbury, do not endorse Mr. Garrison's views and sentiments on other subjects! Pray, sir, where is the abolitionist, as an abolitionial, who does? Your disclaimer is a piece of superfluous folly. Who in all the world ever supposed that abolitionists must be responsible for each other's political or religious predilections? Who ever supposed that Samuel J. May abandoned his Unitarian, or Amos A. Phelps his Trinitarian, or John G. Whittier his Quaker principles, by agreeing to join hands with others of a different sect for the rescue of perishing millions? Who ever supposed that these individuals, by becoming abolitionists, obligated themselves not to exercise their rights of conscience and their liberty of speech in regard to other matters? The truth is, sir,— in despite of your idle disclaimer,— you have swallowed me to the same extent, and with as much gusto, as either of these coadjutors; i.e. you have given your sanction to all the anti-slavery principles and measures which I have ever advocated— and they have done no more. It is something worse than effrontery, it is black ingratitude for you to say— 'Desert Mr. Garrison I would, if I ever followed him. But I never did.' How dare you to sacrifice truth in this manner? You have followed me (if your professions have not been hypocritical) from the colonization to the abolition ranks; from gradual to immediate emancipation; from associating with slaveholders as Christians to repudiating them as thieves and robbers, and 'sinners of the first rank.' To whom, under God, are you indebted but to myself, (and I put the interrogation in self-defence, not boastingly,) for your present views and feelings in opposition to slavery? I remember, indeed, that you have dated your conversion to abolitionism back to the time that you stood by Washington's tomb, (if I mistake not, a period since my labors commenced in this sacred cause)— but I presume, anxious as you seem to be to have the reputation of being a thinking and an independent man, you will not pretend to say that you would have endorsed in 1831, the sentiments which you cherish in 1837, respecting the guilt of every slaveholder, and the exact nature of slavery. But this is not material. No man may hope to be an abolitionist 'in the strictest sense of the term,' and yet escape the charge of being 'a follower of Garrison.' I admit that the charge is a false one, whenever and wherever applied to any individual— and that to be an abolitionist is, in that particular, to follow the Spirit of Truth; I admit that no man can follow me, (i.e. make me his oracle, or light, or guide, instead of the Incarnate Word,) without being an idolator; but how can you say that you have not come after me in the contest with American slavery? I heard nothing of you in this cause till it had found a multitude of supporters.Your gratuitous and hot denial that you have swallowed me, (what a ridiculous idea!) and that you have followed me, and your grievous assertion, that with some abolitionists I am 'the god of their idolatry,' evince a jealous, petulant temper, an acerbity of spirit, wholly unbecoming— I was about to say 'a clerical abolitionist,' but as I know of no such person, I will add— utterly unworthy of a professed disciple of Jesus. You seem to be almost as angry as my worst enemies, in finding that all attempts to make me odious are worse than useless. Hitherto you have cordially taken me by the hand, and inquired, 'Art thou in health, my brother?' and now you are striving to stab me under the fifth rib with a sectarian dagger, a viler weapon than a Bowie knife. In the next Liberator— for I have not room to-day— I shall endeavor to show that you have worn two faces— one, friendly and smiling in my presence— the other, hostile and frowning when your back was turned. Remember that you are the assailant, and that I merely stand on the defensive.Your complaint in the postscript to your letter, is, that I 'embody abolition,' and am 'abolition personified and incarnate,'— that is, 'with some.' What do you mean by such language? If nothing more than that my abolition principles are regarded by the friends of immediate emancipation as irrefragably true, then you are in the same predicament with them— for you profess to agree with me in those principles. If you mean, (and this is doubtless the 'insinuation' you intend to convey,) that those who co-operate with me would 'swallow' me even if I should abandon the anti-slavery ground— that if I should espouse the Colonization Society, they would still obsequiously regard me as 'abolition personified and incarnate'— then I have only to repeat, that your poisoned arrows are aimed at other bosoms besides my own, and that you are guilty of wholesale calumny. I 'embody abolition' just as a thorough-going, consistent temperance-man embodies temperance— and in no other light. Is it an abolitionist who reproaches me, and calumniates others, because my advocacy of human rights has been consistent and just, and has won the respect and confidence of a great multitude of good men? How has it happened that I have brought around me, in delightful association, men of all political parties and of all religious sects, notwithstanding the mightiest efforts have been made all over the nation to crush me to the earth, and to make me appear vile in the eyes of the people? It is a problem which has puzzled all the popularity hunters both in Church and State. But you know something of the rise and progress of the anti-slavery cause, through my humble instrumentality. I was a poor, self-educated mechanic— without important family connexions, without influence, without wealth, without station— patronized by nobody, laughed at by all, reprimanded by the prudent, contemned by the wise, and avoided for a time even by the benevolent. I stood alone, an object of wonder, pity, scorn, and malevolence. You can realize nothing of the trials, discouragements and perils, through which I have had to pass. The pressure upon me was like an avalanche, and nothing but the power of God sustained me. The clergy were against me— the rulers of the people were against me— the nation was against me. But God and his truth, and the rights of man, and the promises of the Holy Scriptures, were with me; and having found a partner whose vision was as clear, whose faith was as strong, and whose self-denial was as great, as my own, I commenced that warfare which is now going on with such glorious success. From the very first moment that I buckled on my armor, I was assured that I could not maintain my ground; that I should retard, instead of aiding the cause of emancipation; that my language was not to be tolerated; that my principles and measures were wild and untenable; and that no person of sane mind would rally under my standard. The entreaties, and warnings, and prophecies, and rebukes, which my determination elicited, were numberless; and had I been influenced by them, had not God made my forehead strong against the foreheads of the people, the bark of abolition would have been wrecked upon the rocks and quicksands of human expediency. I will not stop to trace the progress of this great enterprise. Suffice it to say, that its growth has been such as to astonish nations. Now, sir, if I possess any influence, it has been obtained by being utterly regardless of the opinions of mankind; if I have acquired any popularity, it has been owing to my sturdy unwillingness to seek that honor which comes from men; if I have been 'swallowed' by any body, it is because I have always refused to 'confer with flesh and blood.' I have flattered no man, feared no man, bribed no man. Yet having made myself of no reputation, I have found a reputation; having refused to be guided by human opinions, I have won 'golden opinions' from the best of men; having sought that honor which comes from God, I am not left without honor among my countrymen. Now, sir, are you jealous of my 'good name and fame?' Because Mordecai has been promoted, are you troubled in spirit? Do you remember who it was that was suspended upon Haman's gallows?These things are extorted from me by necessity. Like an apostle, 'I am become a fool in glorying: you have compelled me: for I ought to have been commended of you. Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also. For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise.'Your assertions that I am laboring, as editor of the Liberator, 'to overthrow the Christian Sabbath, and the Christian ministry, and the Christian ordinances, and the visible church, and all human and family governments,' and that with the cause of abolition I am 'determined to carry forward and propagate and enforce my peculiar theology,' are utterly destitute of truth. Upon all these topics, I have my own views, but I have never enforced them as an abolitionist. As to the Sabbath, I am as orthodox as was John Calvin; as to the christian ministry, I hold to a 'royal priesthood'; as to the Christian ordinances, I believe in eating the flesh and drinking the blood of the Incarnate Word, and being baptized into the death of the Son of God; as to the visible church, I believe that there is such a church. but visible only to those who are gifted with spiritual vision; as to human and family governments, I agree with an apostle, that 'the powers that be are ordained of God,' and that it is the religious duty of parents to bring up their children 'in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.' This is my jacobinism, and these are my heresies; but they do not necessarily constitute any part of abolitionism.You are disposed to quarrel with me as an editorial purveyor. You remember the old adage, 'De gustibus,' &c. It seems that you like nothing but veal: onions, and garlics, and spice, and pepper, are an abomination to you. I rather marvel that one who deals so freely in pepper as yourself, should not be fond of it; for no one can partake of a single dish served up by you, without finding it to taste strongly of that ingredient. Like a friend of mine, you sometimes put cayenne all over plum pudding. Now, my dear sir, there are two things you will please to remember: first, that the Liberator was not established to give you nothing but veal; and secondly, that though you do not like onions, &c. there are a great many persons who do. If you do not fancy my dishes, you need not eat them; but, in the name of vigorous appetites and good digestions, I protest against your making your taste a standard by which my customers shall regulate theirs.  severest characteristic. tried succeeded   eighth ipse dixit I, I I   in terrorem and I am so in the strictest sense of that term.   other as an abolitionial, But I never did. have thinking independent   swallowed followed          De gustibus, you veal: cayenne you    WM. LLOYD GARRISON.   Boston, Aug. 28, 1837.    * 'Clerical Appeal.'    

       Here is an approach to what we have so often argued to be the duty of Christian members of Anti-Slavery Societies. We admire the honest and christian spirit of this document. Mr. Fitch is Pastor of the Free Church, which professes to be founded on 'Anti-Slavery principles,' and has frequently spoken at Anti-Slavery meetings. Mr. Towne is Pastor of the Salem-street Church, and was one of the 'seventy agents,' commissioned last year by the American Anti-Slavery Society. Mr. Sanford and the other signers have long been known as active members of the Anti-Slavery Society. We publish their appeal with great pleasure.     Vt. Chronicle. Vt. Chronicle     

       The following communication has been sent to us by an abolitionist, whose attachment to the cause of liberty no person will dispute. It expresses our views exactly, in all its chief particulars. Our sole object is to extend the cause of freedom, and with all possible despatch to secure the triumph of the Anti-Slavery Societies.Deeply should we regret the placing of a straw in the way to impede the progress of that holy work— and humbled indeed should we feel, did our conscience certify, that we are not willing to make any sacrifice, to endure any loss, to realize any trial, and to bear any reproach, in order to the accomplishment of that glorious end to which we have consecrated our energies.However, 'all things work together for good'— and it is a subject of devout rejoicing, that whether we are in peace or strife, whether foes assail or friends frown, whether they praise or revile, whether they write and talk for the holy cause of emancipation or against its advocates— every thing strengthens our hands, and impels the light and the truth onward.           The perusal of the Appeal by Mr. Fitch, and the four other ministers, with the Appeal of the 'forty save one' students of the Andover Seminary, and the various replies which they have elicited, and comments of the editors of newspapers, I have read with very conflicting emotions— and Joseph's admonition to his brethren seems to me justly applicable. The words of the apostle Paul also forced themselves upon my remembrance— 'I hear that there be divisions among you, and I partly believe it.'— It seems to me, however, after an impartial examination of the whole subject, to be decidedly opposed to all the ordinary principles of consociation, that the alleged circumstances should constitute a fair ground of contention.I object to the manner in which those Appeals are advanced, on account of its indefiniteness. They contain nothing distinct, but are replete with generalities which admit not of direct application. The charges are laid against 'some leading abolitionists;' but who they are, and what is their improper act, and who installed them in their dictatorship, you may guess if you can. I cannot submit to such an ambiguous oracle. The principles upon which those Appeals seem to be founded are untenable. They are four. 1. That certain persons who are denounced, but not named, are the Directors of the Anti-Slavery cause. 2. That the thousand Anti-Slavery Societies are responsible for the private opinions of those 'leading abolitionists,' upon topics not connected with the emancipation of American slaves. 3. That the cause of freedom depends upon the fact, that every member of the abolition societies shall agree with the Appellants upon extraneous questions of conscientious casuistry, and evangelical doctrines and discipline. 4. That every man, or company of men, may justifiably disturb the harmony, and dissolve the confederation, by which alone the anti-slavery brethren can attain their glorious consummation,— the deliverance of three millions of their fellow citizens from a 'yoke and a house of bondage,' compared with which, Pharaoh's impious tyranny, and the anguish produced by his task-masters in the hearts of the Israelites, were freedom and enjoyment,— as soon as they can invent an excuse for complaining of their fellow champions for a supposititious or a real offence.I do not say, that those heterodox positions are expressly announced in those Appeals; nor do I mean to be understood, that those principles were distinctly before the minds of the esteemed brethren who signed those Appeals— but they are manifest to an impartial observer, and I think, therefore, that the Appeals are decidedly ill-timed and incautious.I have always understood that it is the cardinal doctrine of Anti-Slavery men to 'call no man Rabbi'— and that the only bond of union which conjoins us is this— that retaining all our other diversities of opinions, we maintain that Slavery is the amalgamation of every possible crime against God and man, and that we will never cease to contend against it and its criminal participants, until we have killed that monster, and the slave-drivers shall desist from their iniquitous course.Consequently, we have no 'leading abolitionists' in the sense which is implied. We have Editors, Agents, Executive Committees, and Voluntary Soldiers, all engaged in the war; but we have no man who usurps the gubernatorial chair; and if he attempted it, we are such sons of liberty, that he would soon find his seat too uneasy to hold him.I also contend that no Anti-Slavery Societies, and far less the whole confederated body, are responsible for the sentiments of any individual member even upon the topic of slavery. We have among us many degrees of opinion respecting the guilt of slave-driving, and the true character of the oppressors. Those brethren who have lived at the South, and seen, heard and handled slavery, as it were, are far more 'incendiary' in their principles, and far more 'fanatical' in their feelings, than others of us at the North, who have never seen a sale of 'likely nigger breeding wenches,' and surveyed a young woman's back after she had been scourged into a mass of gore, because she would not submit to the lusts of her profligate despot— tortured first, and then polluted!— Now, because some of the 'incendiary fanatics,' who personally know all these things, use strong language, too harsh, if you are willing to utter such palpable nonsense, am I accountable as a Puritan for the expressions of my brother, who only tells me what he thought and said when residing in 'the house of bondage'— and what he still feels at his vivid reminiscences of the past? I deny the application. I am not, I will not be answerable either for his facts, or his opinions, or his inferences, though I believe them all. Let 'every tub stand on its own bottom!'The next assumption is yet more repulsive. It proceeds upon the implied claim that any persons, however few or many, have a right to demand a uniformity of opinion upon all moral and religious themes with them, from all their anti-slavery brethren.Four particulars appear to be specially designated.— 1. Some opinions which have been promulgated concerning the observance of the first day of the week as a day of sanctified rest. Now I disagree with the doctrines which were advanced in the Liberator upon that subject. I believe that we have no more to do with discussing that point, than we have to examine the obligations of matrimony:— they both are appointments of God, coeval with the human family, and however much they may have been abused, perverted or disregarded, I believe that they will be prolonged until earth shall have passed away, and mankind have become the residents of the future immortal world.2. Some theories respecting governments. I do not believe those phantasms, as I suppose them to be— but as an abolitionist, I have no connection with them. They are published as the speculations of individuals, avowedly distinct from the anti-slavery cause, and in their own names. Now, the anti-slavery societies have no more concern with such 'notions,' whether true or false, than they have with the inquiries respecting the 'mountains in the moon.'3. The propriety of women holding public meetings to talk about slavery. Now I maintain the right, and I contend for its fitness— but as there are unutterable abominations connected with the 'domestic institutions of the South,' which women cannot hear of, and much less talk about in the presence of men, my ardent wish is, that the anti-slavery sisters, when they bold all such meetings, would affix a notice at the door— 'No men admitted here'— and if they want a door-keeper and guard, I would attend, and take care that their hallowed privacy should not be molested by lynching intruders!4. The question which has now been mooted respecting notices in the pulpit, only shows how far men can ascend the ladder of infatuated inconsistency, without a fall, and breaking their necks. I maintain, that a minister has no right to refuse to read any notice, which proclaims a meeting or a measure to promote the moral and religious benefit of mankind. I have nothing to do with exempt cases to which no general rules can be applied. I also contend, that a strange minister in a pulpit, has no jurisdiction in the case. It is his duty to read all the notices sent to the pulpit, unless they contain any thing, either preposterous or improper. He has no judgment to exercise. He is, for the time, the servant of the Church— and it is their duty to provide that exceptionable notices shall not be delivered to the officiating person who leads their devotions. In truth, in that respect, he ought to be both Church and 'Town-crier!' Therefore, the attempt to sow discord and to alienate the minds of Anti-Slavery brethren with disaffection upon those points, in my view, is very inconsiderate; and I sincerely pray, that the scheme will be unsuccessful.It is also self-evident to me, that the implied claim— that one, or five, or thirty-nine, or any other number of anti-slavery members have an indisputable right to scatter contention in our ranks, because all our multitudes of otherwise discordant opinions cannot be reconciled with their creed, or ourselves be induced to succumb to their arrangements, or to be gagged in silence in conformity with their coercive demand— that claim is contrary to our cardinal principle—FREE DISCUSSION!— And it requires no argument to evince, and little perspicacity to discern, that if their dogma be once admitted among us in practical observance, the Anti-Slavery Societies will disband, amid the scorn of their foes, branded with deathless ignominy.It is no part of my design to reprehend any of the prominent persons who appear in this disagreeable collision. My opinion has long been rooted, that the greatest danger attached to the anti-slavery cause is this— the enlargement of our numbers in disproportion to the increasingly steadfast adhesion to our cardinal principles— and as an unavoidable result, the difficulty there would be to maintain our harmony unimpaired, and our energies in the warfare undiminished.There is no doubt, in my mind, that those 'Appeals' were prompted by motives, and are the results of schemes, with which the ministers of Boston and vicinity, and the students of Andover Seminary, are totally unacquainted. If my conjecture, or rather the information which I have received, be correct— then the Anti-Slavery Societies may exult, that thus prematurely has 'the boiler exploded.' Relying with unfeigned confidence upon the unchangeable principles and persevering co-operation of all their associates, they were beginning to feel probably a little too much self-gratulation at their past rapid progress, and to indulge visionary dreams of their speedy triumph. Those 'Appeals' have taught them— 'Be not high-minded, but fear. Let not him that girdeth on his harness boast himself as he that putteth it off.' I trust that the lesson will be effectual— and that we shall deeply feel the truth as an actuating impulse of conduct: 'Verily, every man at his best state is altogether vanity'; and therefore, 'cease from man whose breath is in his nostrils'— and, 'cast our cares and burdens upon the Lord, who will sustain us.'Believing, as I sincerely do, that severed from all other considerations which personally interest any of the 'leading abolitionists' in the controversy which those 'Appeals' have excited, those brethren have acted without proper reflection and caution; and especially without a due consideration of the consequences which might flow from their act; I appeal to their magnanimity and to their own conscientious emotions, and to their 'fear of the Lord, which is the beginning of wisdom,' to retrace their steps, and to fulfil with us the apostolic admonition— 'Endeavoring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace.'There is one allegation, however, against some of the 'fanatics,' which demands a distinct notice; and that is the fallacious complaint about hard, censorious language, and the uncharitable spirit of 'some leading abolitionists.' I never could comprehend what is meant by 'hard words or soft words,' in their application to discussions of truth, respecting morals or religion. The object of words is to designate things. For instance— a man who steals a horse is a horse-thief. A man who plunders on the public roads is a highway robber. A man who forcibly violates a woman is a ravisher. A married man who lives in carnal intercourse with his female slave, or any other woman, is an adulterer. A man who kidnaps every person, young and old, whom he can grasp and hold in slavery, is a manstealer. Now I cannot perceive any difference between those 'soft words' which describe the crime, and the 'hard words' which embody, in one comprehensive term, the whole guilt, except that the latter cost least breath in the utterance, and will be more deeply rooted, and more lastingly impressed upon the memory, and produce more loathing and aversion.But of all the unjust aspersions, no one is more unfounded and absurd, than that 'some leading abolitionists' are uncharitable and unkind. That Christians who jeopard their reputation, abandon their home-comforts, sacrifice their pecuniary interests, and risk their lives, 'to do good,' as they conceive, should be reviled as deficient in philanthropy, is a delusion which no persons would utter, were they not previously assured of the marvellous 'gullibility' of the sinners whom they deceive!    some leading abolitionists; thousand 'leading abolitionists,'      Slavery is the amalgamation of every possible crime against God and man, and that we will never cease to contend against it and its criminal participants, until we have killed that monster, and the slave-drivers shall desist from their iniquitous course.     incendiary fanatical likely nigger breeding wenches, incendiary fanatics, too harsh, every tub stand on its own bottom!        notions,   domestic institutions of the South, No men admitted here   notices in the pulpit, all Church and 'Town-crier!'   one, five, thirty-nine,        leading abolitionists   fanatics, some leading abolitionists. hard words or soft words,  soft words hard words      OLD COLONY.     

 The New York Evangelist copies the Boston Appeal, with the following endorsement:— 'These clergymen (the signers of the Appeal) are decided and thorough-going Abolitionists. Their testimony on this subject ought, therefore, to meet an unqualified response from the great body of Abolitionists who sympathise with them. Such a response we doubt not it will receive.'On one point we are obliged still to dissent from the Evangelist and from the Boston and Andover Appellants. They speak of the wrong doings in question as the faults of individuals, for which the Society is not responsible. It is not so. The wrong is done by prominent officers, agents and organs. The guilty parties are supported by all the weight of influence that Anti-Slavery societies and conventions can exercise in favor of any class of men. They are sustained as leaders. They derive their power to do evil chiefly from support thus rendered. The Society is guilty of the wrong; and as long as it continues thus guilty, we do not see how men who see the enormity of the wrong so clearly, can give the Society even that countenance in its course, which is implied by membership. If the great body of members disapprove these things, the countenance of the Society can be withdrawn. If the great body approve,— we see not how a Christian man can, with a good conscience, act with them, and thus become partaker of the sin.— Ib.     Society we Ib   

 Here is editorial baseness! We would as soon pick a man's pocket as to be guilty of such conduct.— ED. LIB.        FRIEND GARRISON:I wish through your columns, to say a word to the public, in relation to the Boston Recorder. Soon after the 'Appeal' from Messrs. Fitch and others made its appearance in the Recorder, I called on Mr. Willis, and asked the privilege of a reply. That there might be no objection on the ground of its character, I stated expressly that I wished merely to correct the Appeal in its facts, so far as it was in the wrong in respect to them, particularly the facts in the case of Messrs. Blagden and White; and then to state, in brief, the positions which abolitionists, so far as I knew, took on the subject of Pastoral rights. I was very express in saying, that I did not propose to go into the discussion of the points at issue between Messrs. Fitch, &c. and myself, as I intended to do that in my reply in the Spectator; that all I wished was to correct errors in matters of facts in the Appeal, and the misapprehensions prevalent in respect to our positions on the subject of notices and pastoral rights generally. The proposal, therefore, was as remote as possible from a proposal to make the Recorder 'a party in the controversy,' or 'an arena for conflict on the subject.' And further, that Mr. Willis might be quit of all responsibility in the case, and be in no sense, 'a party in the controversy,' I proposed to publish it over my own name, and on my responsibility. And that the objection of length might be removed, I engaged that my reply should not occupy more space than that occupied by the appeal. And what, after all this, has Mr. Willis done? Let him speak for himself. After saying that he had been applied to by the 'Editor pro tem. of the Liberator,' and by myself, to publish a reply, he adds:—'We published the Appeal, because it advanced great general principles which WE regard as true and important, and not because we wish to become a party in any controversy on that subject, and for the same reason we have inserted this week the 'Appeal of Abolitionists of the Theological Seminary at Andover.' By so doing, we do not admit that we are bound to publish what any person is disposed to write in reply. Moreover, our paper was never designed as an arena for conflict on this subject.'Here, then, Mr. Willis endorses both Appeals, denies me the reasonable privilege of correcting errors in fact, as well as misapprehensions, and be comes himself, in the fullest sense, 'a party in the controversy.' The Appeal is his Appeal, its principles are his principles, he regards them 'as true and important,' so much so indeed as to swallow up the facts, and shut the door of correction even in respect to them.I make no comment. I only ask that the fact may speak for itself, and that in view of it, it may be seen, and known, and remembered, that Mr. Willis is 'a party,' nay a partizan, 'in the controversy.'        party facts,   is 'a party,' partizan,    Yours for the right,A.A. PHELPS.       

       There is severer language respecting the Liberator, in the Appeal, than we have ever used. The signers would not be apt to say more than the case demanded, especially as the individuals implicated are the organs of the party in that region.In connection with the Appeal, we invite attention to the following paper:—MESSRS. EDITORS,— After considerable reflection upon the various means and efforts pursued in behalf of the colored part of our population, it has appeared to us that a way may be devised for uniting the voices and the exertions of the whole community upon this subject;— a way which will at once avoid the charge of acrimony and rashness on the one hand, and the imputation of lending our sanction to the iniquities of slavery on the other.Without undertaking to mark out that way more definitely at present, we would suggest that a County meeting be called for this purpose about the time of our County Anniversaries, say Wednesday, Sept. 20th. Let the friends of the colored race in this vicinity then associate under a Constitution embracing in substance the following principles:— That the existing system of American slavery necessarily involves immense oppression, wrong, and wickedness, and can no longer be sustained without perpetuating these evils; that no one can innocently continue to uphold this system; that the only adequate remedy is to be found in the immediate elevation and emancipation of the slaves, intending thereby immediate measures for the earliest practicable accomplishment of these ends.These and kindred sentiments are enough, as we believe, if diligently maintained, to achieve the desired end. There are few who would not assent to them. This course will also open a way of action which thousands would take who are now lying still on account of their objections to some of the present measures; and finally it would give such a direction to our labors as will prove satisfactory to every true friend of man.             S.H. HODGES.   August 10, 1837.  August    HENRY B. HOLMES.   In regard to the above we have to remark,1. That the tenor of the Boston Appeal, and especially the concluding paragraph, greatly encourage such a movement as our correspondents propose.2. That the principles stated by them as a proposed basis of union and action are such as we heartily approve. We should rejoice to see our community, especially the religious part of it, united on that basis. It embraces all that can be necessary for any judicious and salutary anti-slavery movement, while it allows differences of opinion on points not essential. The evils of conflicting parties in our churches might thus be avoided, and we might appeal to Southern Christians with all the strength of unanimity.Some other suggestions occur to us, for which we have not room. We shall be glad to hear from our friends on the subject.          

       The proceedings of the Young Men's Anti-Slavery Convention, for the State of New Hampshire, occupy a considerable portion of our present number; but we have felt unwilling to curtail them. The example thus set to young men of other States is worthy of immediate imitation. The number of delegates in attendance is to us unexpectedly large.— All the resolutions will be read with deep interest— one of them, speaking in the name of two hundred delegates, condemns the Clerical Appeal in strong terms.     ALL'S WELL!     

         The following are some of the considerations which call for a society, upon the plan proposed by brother Holmes and myself, in your last paper.1. The system of slavery, in this country, has become so irretrievably the instrument of oppression, wrong and cruelty, that justice can never be secured for the slave, until it is entirely abolished. There are perhaps many masters who treat them humanely. On the other hand, there is no doubt whatever, that many, very many, abuse their power for the worst purposes. And this can never be checked while the system is tolerated. While there is a single slaveholder recognized by law, those who make the vilest use of the authority it confers, will be protected and countenanced.2. The north have something to do in the matter. Our southern brethren may be more competent to effect the object. And many among them are sincerely desirous of it. But their influence is overwhelmed and lost under that of the multitude, who feel interested in the system. The voice that comes from the south is now nearly uniform. Once, indeed, they evidently wished for its removal. They asked us to let them alone in achieving it. They were left to themselves; and our silence has been too long construed into an acquiescence in the system. It is high time for us to speak. The mischief might have been abated with ease in the first place. Now it defies interposition, and has become so mighty as nearly to baffle all opposition. And, unless we soon move, it will be too powerfully established to be shaken.3. The present is a favorable time for action.— Public sentiment is awake at the north, and only requires to be embodied in a proper shape to be felt at the south. It is perfectly evident that a great number of philanthropists are only waiting for some unobjectionable way, in which they can combine their influence upon this question. At the south also they are probably in a state to lend an ear, if we only approach them in a conciliatory manner.4. The course for us to pursue is that of affectionate Christian remonstance. This has never been fairly tried. It is the course demanded by the spirit of the gospel, and is best calculated to reach our southern brethren. We do not repel them at once with the charge of wickedness, on the mere ground that they hold slaves. The lawfulness of slavery in the abstract is not discussed.— But we urge upon them, what they must feel is true; that slavery, as long as it exists, must be the means of immense wrong; that the only way of avoiding its evils is to abolish it altogether. The inference is too strong to be resisted, that it is every man's duty to do all in his power for that purpose; that no one can innocently continue to uphold slavery, or lend it the least countenance.5. A society, upon the principles suggested, affords an opportunity for all at the north to combine their influence. This is of the utmost consequence. Let us only speak the same thing, and lift up one voice upon this subject, and we shall be heard.Those who have hitherto remained comparatively inactive on account of their objections to the measures now pursued, will find their objections obviated. The abstract doctrine that all slavery is sin is not in their way. And the severity of speech which has deterred others will naturally give place to a milder tone on this view.On the other hand, we aim at all the anti-slavery societies demand, immediate emancipation. The considerations upon which we urge it are less abstract and less liable to objection. The most 'thorough-going abolitionist' need compromise no principle; he has only to unite with those, who cannot acquiesce in all his views, in obtaining the relief of the slave upon a ground which must secure universal assent; and which, with the blessing of God, will accomplish our common object. He will thus combine the voice of the north, as far as possible, against slavery, and secure for that voice the most certain respect, the deepest attention. Must we come to his ground precisely, or remain inactive? Or will he favor the opportunity for making our voice heard as that of one man!                   S.H. HODGES.   Perkinsville, Aug. 19, 1837.  Perkinsville, Aug.   

       We are compelled to defer not only some columns of our own lucubrations, but also A.E. Grimke's ninth letter to C.E. Beecher— the proceedings of the R.I. [ ]. S. Society at Newport— and sundry communications, with a valuable mass of selected matter. In copying the exulting remarks of the bitter enemies of our cause, a view of the base apostacy of Messrs. Fitch and Towne, we are taking the most effectual mode to neutralize the poison contained in the 'Clerical Appeal'— besides evincing a liberality toward our opponents which they never manifest toward ourselves.    

 We publish this week, an interesting document from the anti-slavery students of the Theological Seminary in Andover. It was due to themselves to wash their hands of all participation in the bad doings of some who have assumed the anti-slavery appellation. If the work of purgation should go forward, as it has begun, the time is not far distant when there will be a harmony of action among the real friends of the colored race.The New York Evangelist copies, with approbation, the appeal of Rev. Messrs. Fitch, Perkins, &c. affording us a gleam of hope that a reformation is commencing in that centre of operations also.We observe in a late Bangor paper a call for a meeting to form an anti-slavery society in that place, signed by some 120 or 130 names. From an inspection of these names, some of which belong to persons whom we know, we infer that the proposed society will not attach itself to the Garrison or Wright school, or come under its lead and dictation.— Christian Mirror.        Christian Mirror   

       William Ellery Channing has done some service to his country, or rather to mankind, by writing 'A Letter to the Hon. Henry Clay, on the annexation of Texas to the United States,' which forms a pamphlet of 72 pages, and sells at the low rate of 12 1-2 cents a copy. If the treachery of Charles Fitch and Joseph H. Towne did not compel us to occupy our columns this week with other matter, we should make many extracts from this exceedingly well-written Letter, but cannot now find room for a single paragraph. Wo to those apostates, who, at this dreadful crisis in the cause of emancipation as well as in the history of this country, are seeking to divide our ranks, and to co-operate with the enemies of our holy enterprise, at the expense of consistency, principles, and brotherly love! A fearful retribution will sooner or later fall upon their heads. They may excite some temporary … are more dangerous than any others,) out having been detected, they will [ ]e quickly drummed out of the camp. Their treason will succeed no better than did Benedict Arnold's.The Letter of Dr. Channing is so excellent, as a whole, that we dislike to find any fault with it. We like it exceedingly, except the first page of it. The extraordinary difference which the author manifests in coming into the presence of Henry Clay, a slaveholder— and the equally extraordinary paradox involved in the expectation, that the man, through whose instrumentality Missouri was brought into the Union as a slaveholding State, will oppose the wishes, nay, [ ]he earnest demands of the South, in relation to Texas— are, not worthy of the dignity and consistency of a great mind. Still, it is no harm to hope that Mr. Clay will do better than he has done— but, rely upon it, Texas will be annexed to this Union.    a slaveholder   

         The Executive Committee of the American Anti-Slavery Society have heretofore candidly and explicitly stated the doctrines maintained by that association, and they are now induced to caution their fellow citizens not to confound their doctrines with such as individual members may occasionally advance.The Constitution, after setting forth the principles of the Society, declares that whoever consents to these principles not being a slaveholder, may on making a pecuniary contribution become a member. Hence, good faith obviously requires not only that those who enter the Society should sincerely embrace its avowed principles, but also that the Society should abstain from all interference with such other principles as may be held by its members. Of course, no member is required by his connection with the Society, to refrain from expressing (on his own responsibility) his individual opinions on any subject whatsoever. We believe there is, among, abolitionists, a most cordial and unanimous assent to the great moral truths proclaimed in our constitution, while on many other and important topics they maintain very opposite and irreconcilable sentiments.Some of these sentiments being promulgated in anti-slavery papers, and advocated by one or more abolitionists, have been used to prejudice the anti-slavery cause. On the sentiments alluded to, the Executive Committee have no authority to sit in judgment; but, whether true or false, they receive no sanction from the Society, and every member is at liberty to assail or defend them.While the Committee assume no control over the private opinions of their agents, and much less over the course which independent friends of the cause think fit to pursue, they cheerfully acknowledge their obligation not to permit the funds of the Society to be used for the promotion of any principles or objects whatever, except those specified in the Constitution; and it will ever be, as it ever has been, their determination, both in regard to the agents they employ, and the publications they issue, to avoid any just censure in this respect.The great diversity of sentiment entertained by abolitionists, on political and religious subjects, instead of being, as our enemies vainly imagine, an indication of our weakness, is a demonstration of our strength and an omen of our ultimate triumph. That cause cannot belong to a sect or a party which is espoused by men of all sects and of all parties. The rights for which we are contending, are the rights of our common nature, and their advocacy cannot safely be committed to any sect or party, nor can any sect or party be exempted from rebuke which takes the attitude of hostility to these rights.    the Society           In behalf of the Ex. Com.,E. WRIGHT, JR. Cor. Sec.   Cor. Sec.     

 For the proceedings of the Quarterly Meeting of the Middlesex County Anti-Slavery Society— of the Cambridgeport Society— and of the Winthrop (Me.) Society, see our last page.      

           As this article is long, occupying a wide column and a half in the Liberator, and would fill two and a half columns in this paper, we cannot copy it. It is in language more strong and denunciatory than we often see used by abolitionists even against their opponents, and excites our surprise and regret. We have considered Mr. Fitch and Mr. Towne, although we are not personally acquainted with either, among the few, employed as instruments, to 'save the city' (if it is to be saved)— and yet we have sometimes doubted, whether it were possible for clergymen, in such a place as Boston, surrounded and beset as they continually are, by the blandishments— the luxury, extravagance, pride and dissipation of city life, to preserve that humility, simplicity, meekness and piety, required by their sacred office. It is next to impossible not to be corrupted more or less by constant contact with these besetting sins— these fashionable follies.— 'Evil communications corrupt good morals;' and this communication on which we are commenting, is not adapted to remove or lessen our doubts. To be a genuine abolitionist requires more self-denial than is apt to be found among the 'gentlemen of wealth and standing.' Yet whatever of weight may be found in the charges of the Boston clergymen (the others probably signed by request) we hope will be duly considered.With regard to anti-slavery notices, we have sometimes thought, there was danger of carrying into the pulpit those which were not necessary or proper, such as stated quarterly or monthly meetings, which it is the duty of the members of anti-slavery societies to know, and which can be notified in other ways. We consider it proper for important lectures, concerts of prayer, &c. to be read from the pulpit. A proper discretion ought to be used on both sides, it is true. Still there was no occasion, in our humble opinion, for these ministers to pounce upon their former associates in the manner they did. If they wanted to cut the acquaintance of their humble abolition friends, they might have got off in a more becoming manner.We can see no reason why Mr. Fitch should be so very independent with regard to abolitionists, and so very submissive in regard to their opponents— why he should yield himself wholly to the will of his pro-slavery brother, while in that brother's pulpit, and yet allow that brother to be unreasonably arbitrary and obstinate in his own. If one is to give up his own inclinations, in the other's pulpit, the other ought to do so in his. They ought to be equal. But according to Mr. Fitch's doctrine of exchanges, the poor anti-slavery minister is to have so will of his own, any more than the slave himself.Let us carry this negotiation for exchange— this amalgamation or treaty, between anti-slavery and pro-slavery ministers, into familiar dialogue, and see how it will appear, acted out.(Scene Rev. Mr. Blagden's study, Rev. Mr. B. seated in his easy chair. Enter Rev. Mr. Fitch, who, after the usual salutation, thus begins)Rev. Mr. Fitch. As we live in juxtaposition, profess the same religious principles, and belong to the same association, I thought it might be for our mutual convenience and benefit to exchange now and then, especially as it might tend to remove those troublesome little prejudices which are apt to spring up between man and man for want of intercourse; and I called, sir, this morning to see if it would be agreeable to you occasionally to exchange.Rev. Mr. Blagden. Why, Mr. Fitch, I have no objection, provided you will comply with my terms.Mr. F. Please name them.Mr. B. If you go into my pulpit, you must read no anti-slavery notice, nor allude to the subject of slavery, in your prayer, sermon, or any other exercise. Are you willing to submit to this?Mr. F. Very cheerfully, sir.Mr. B. I must utterly decline reading any such notice in your pulpit, but claim the liberty, and always exercise it, of treating all such with contempt. Do you consent to this?Mr. F. Certainly.Mr. B. There is yet one more thing, which I must require. You know I hold the abolitionists in utter contempt, and I have taught my people to do the same. It seems to me necessary, therefore, that you do something to reconcile them to your preaching, as you have heretofore been in some measure identified with these despicable outcasts. It appears to me that nothing short of a thorough renunciation of their measures and denunciation of their men, made in the most public manner, will answer the purpose. Will you consent to this?Mr. F. With all my heart, sir, I will convince you and your people, sir, that I care as little about them as you do yourself.Mr. B. Very well, Mr. Fitch, when this shall have been done, I shall always be pleased to reciprocate your wishes.  this   notices   one ought                            (Exeunt.   We can form no better excuse for the strange inconsistency and great injustice, so glaring through the whole of the appeal, than a desire in the Boston clerical abolitionists, to commend themselves to the pro-slavery 'gentlemen of wealth and standing.' They were advanced to their present stations by the friends of abolition; but no sooner find themselves seated on their downy cushions, than they look down with scorn on their former humble friends and brethren, and spurn with contempt that spirit of warfare and self-denial, which has attended the 'leading abolitionists' from the commencement of their noble spirited but arduous enterprise. They manifest an unseemly eagerness to ingratiate themselves into favor with those, who fare sumptuously every day. They volunteer in defence of those against whom they have been in the habit of fulminating in a voice of thunder.What has been the situation and conduct of Rev. Messrs. White, & Co, with whom these newly settled Bostonians so feelingly sympathise, and whose rights they so zealously defend?They have seen— they have seen the humble, devoted abolitionists, when liberty and virtue were trodden down, struggling to restore the dying principles of liberty— they have seen them suffering every hardship, injustice, cruelty and persecution, and of the same kind which the primitive Christians suffered. They have repeatedly seen their clerical brethren dragged down by the hand of ruffian violence from the pulpit, even in the act of prayer, under false accusations of disturbing the peace!— They have seen them mobbed, insulted and persecuted in various parts of the country, and many of them put to death in cold blood, for entertaining these principles of liberty. They know that the liberty of speech and of the press is now prohibited in one half of our land. That the lives of these humble defenders of our dearest rights and liberties have been insultingly and repeatedly demanded of our Governors. And yet they have— done what? Stood and looked on with cold indifference upon these inroads of slavery? No! They have contended that slavery was sanctioned by the Bible! They have zealously upheld and defended slavery, in their 'General Assemblies.' They have stood by and urged on the blood-hounds to violence, and openly ridiculed and opposed those, who were attempting to stem the torrent and stop the flood of corruption which is threatening to overwhelm us. And having done this, they have had the unblushing impudence to come among freemen, and offer to mount the sacred desk to preach and explain the principles of the Bible, 'as they understand them,' to christians. And they have been indulged. And the humble abolitionists are now arraigned by dark insinuations, and violently accused,— by whom?— By those who pretend to be abolitionists themselves!Where would have been the abolitionists, but for that faithful pioneer, the LIBERATOR? They would 'all have been slumbering over this subject together,' to this day. That journal has nobly maintained its ground from the beginning;— turning neither to the right or left, for friend or foe. Other papers and other friends have done well, but they would have done nothing without this breaking-up plough. The spirit— the resolution, and firmness, and ability, and perseverance, of a Martin Luther, was necessary to the success of the abolition enterprise; and it has thus far been exhibited and sustained in a remarkable manner in this journal. The much respected, much beloved Gerrit Smith, once thought Garrison too harsh and severe; and had a sharp controversy with him, but has since acknowledged that Garrison was right, and himself wrong, and entertains a high opinion of Garrison, and of the honesty and propriety of his course. True, it is wont to adopt plain, strong language, but no paper is more fair or more liberal in admitting articles from an opposite source, unaltered and even without comment. A large portion of the paper is generally appropriated in giving utterance to the arguments and language of the opposers of abolition, leaving the reader to make his own comments. It is true, however, that the very sentiments and language of these opponents are the severest comments that could be made upon the opposition.— Many religious people, who are strangers to Mr. Garrrison, have imbibed the sentiment that he is an infidel or irreligious man. Nothing is more erroneous. If every clergyman possessed as much piety— as much reliance on his Maker, and as little fear of man, as the editor of the Liberator, the state of religion in this country would wea[ ] a much brighter aspect, than it now does.P.S. Since the above article was written and chiefly in type, we have seen the answers of Messrs. Garrison, and A.A. Phelps, in the last Liberator, which, although they are long articles, should be read by every body who has read the 'Appeal,' of the five clergymen. They are the most complete and satisfactory answers of the kind, which we ever saw in print. The famous reply of John Quincy Adams to Jonathan Russell, was not more severe. Never did we see men shown up in a worse plight. Their own words are made to condemn them. The answer of Mr. Garrison is written in the most flowing style, and is rather the most pointed and cutting of the two, although both are extremely sarcastic. The answer of Mr. Phelps contains many pertinent remarks on the rights, powers and duties of clergymen, in and out of the pulpit. The answer of the editor pro tem of the Liberator, which we had before read, was justly severe and conclusive. If the Boston 'clerical abolitionists' have any feeling, they must be excessively mortified; and if they have any sincerity left, they will acknowledge their inconsistency, and return to their first love. Their present situation is actually pitiful.      primitive know they   breaking-up plough spirit     

 'Fanaticism' and the use of 'hard language' are certainly becoming quite contagious. For an 'ultra' specimen, look at 'A Word from a Petitioner, to Congress, by J. Pierpont,' in our Literary Department. It is a stirring effusion— there is soul in it, and quenchless fire.   soul   

       It is but justice to the writer of the following, that his readers should know that it came into our hands, before our last paper had reached him; and, of course, was not drawn forth by any thing which that paper contained. It is an independent and spontaneous testimony, and is very explicit and decided on sundry important points, which we are glad to publish. We differ entirely as to the source of Mr. Garrison's fault. We have observed him, ever since he rose above the horizon, and formerly with a strong wish to defend and justify him; but are driven to a different explanation of his conduct as the only alternative. It may be found in the words of our Saviour: 'O generation of vipers, how CAN ye, BEING EVIL, speak GOOD things? for out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh.'  before source how ye speak things   

 S.M. and A.E. Grimke will deliver a lecture on slavery at the Baptist meeting-house in Roxbury on Saturday, Sept. 2, (TOMORROW,) at 3 o'clock, P.M.     

 BROTHER CUMMINGS,— I send you herewith my last communication, in reply to the supplementary letters. I regret that I have been obliged to occupy so large a space in your columns. Circumstances, seemed, however, to require it of me, and I trust it has not been without advantage to the cause of truth and righteousness. So far as I am concerned, it is my intention that the discussion shall terminate here. I do not feel it to be of any importance to have the last word in the controversy, and in a contest for that object I shall not engage. I should do myself injustice on this occasion not to express to you my cordial thanks for the kindness and Christian courtesy, which, in various ways, you have manifested toward me in the progress of this protracted debate. An article of yours immediately preceding my ninth letter, based upon a communication in the Liberator, together with some other circumstances which I will not stop to state, has determined me to say a few words upon a topic which I should otherwise have omitted, and upon which it is scarcely possible for me to express myself briefly, without the liability of being misunderstood. In common with Abolitionists generally, I cannot but regard with high respect the self-denying efforts of Mr. Garrison in behalf of the enslaved. An intimate acquaintance with him would, I have no doubt, impress any unbiased mind with a strong conviction of the integrity of his character and his general philanthropy. Upon the great principles involved in the abolition controversy, there is, I believe, between us an entire agreement. I do not suppose, however, that an unequivocal statement of this fact, or a simple expression of respect for his 'character, moral energy, constancy and perseverance,' as in the Winthrop resolutions, or a hearty co-operation with him in the anti-slavery movement, implies an entire approval of every feeling he may exhibit, every sentiment he may advance in the Liberator, or entire approbation of every measure he may deem it proper to pursue.— There are points of difference between us, as well as points of agreement. From the views occasionally exhibited by him in respect to human governments, I entirely dissent, and regard them as a mischievous tendency. With his peculiar religious opinions, I have no sympathy. The violence, and invective, and I must say abusive language in which he sometimes indulges, in reference to men of the highest moral worth, who differ from us on the question of slavery, or the best way for its removal, meet my unqualified disapprobation. The style in which he very generally replies to opponents, does not appear to me well adapted either to persuade or to convince. On the contrary, it appears to me eminently adapted to strengthen prejudice, to increase opposition, to nullify to a great extent the force of his arguments, to destroy the effect of his most earnest and pungent appeals in behalf of the slave, and greatly to retard the progress of the cause, to which he has devoted himself with a benevolence and zeal deserving all praise. I speak decidedly on this subject, because I believe that the truth requires it. Still I do not feel it to be my duty to denounce or renounce Mr. Garrison. I consider him greatly in fault in this matter, but from evidence which I cannot detail, the fault I believe is in the judgment rather than the heart. He is wrong in this matter, and I believe ought to be reproved. Let it be remembered, however, by those who administer the necessary correction, that he is not in all probability beyond the influence of kind treatment. A tythe of that charity, which we are called upon to exercise toward the majority of the late General Assembly, might be employed with advantage with reference to him; possibly, in the case of some of our leading journals, it might lead to a mode of treatment of him, that would generally tend to the correction of his errors. I will merely add, that I question Bro. C., whether you have done him justice, in representing him as warring upon the Sabbath. On this point he entertains, as I understand, the views of the Friends; views, which, however erroneous in our estimation, do not forbid our holding them in charity as Christians, or prevent our co-operating with them in any good work, in which we feel a common interest.The results of the debate in a family circle, of which, from the extract from the Liberator, which you have quoted, Mr. H.C. Wright and two other Anti-Slavery Agents were a part, have excited my unmingled surprise and regret. I am not certain that I fully understand the conclusions at which this 'precious little circle' arrived. If their apparent meaning is the real one, I am at a loss whether to regard them as the mere evidence of mental alienation, or as in fact the deduction of minds, however unaccountable it may appear, in full possession of the reasoning faculty. Such conclusions, surely, I should not have expected as the result of debate in any circle, family or other, out of bedlam. Taking the obvious meaning of the conclusions as the one designed to be conveyed, they are most palpably at variance with all family and civil government, they are disorganizing in their tendency, and deserve the reprobation of every sober friend of man. Such views, I venture to affirm, would be regarded with utter abhorrence by ninety-nine hundredths at least, if not by all the members of the anti-slavery associations. The Anti-Slavery Society has not in any manner or form, given countenance to such monstrous speculations, and it would be an utter prostitution of its funds to employ them in the support of any individual or individuals, whatever their past services, who shall be concerned in disseminating them. The agents of the Anti-Slavery Society are responsible to the Society, and the Society, or which is the same thing, the Ex-Committee acting in its behalf, is responsible to the public for the course pursued by its Agents. When that course becomes such as in any manner to put in jeopardy the great object for which the Society is formed, the obvious and effective remedy should be immediately applied. Mr. H.C. Wright, the only individual of the 'family circle' whose name is given, I am warranted to say, is distinguished by the most kind and benevolent feelings toward all men— he is a man of most exemplary religious and moral character, and heretofore has been a very successful and efficient laborer in the Sabbath School cause.— With his present views, however, as developed in the article in the Liberator from which you have quoted, I could not either as a Christian or as an Abolitionist subject my children to his teachings. Those views are plainly and undeniably of the most pernicious and dangerous tendency, and it is truly mournful that any professed friend of the Anti-Slavery Society, and one of its own agents too, should thus be left to play into the hands of its opposers, fill the mouths of gainsayers, and produce in every honest mind, that shall in any way be made to regard him as a true expounder of its doctrines, the most invincible, and I must add in those circumstances, righteous opposition to it. I fully concur with you Br. C. in the opinion, that it is unsafe to identify the Anti-Slavery cause with the fame of any individual, and that if we do it, we shall be very likely 'to fall into the ditch.' For any effort to save us from such a catastrophe, you shall have my sincere thanks. Yours, with much respect,           WM. SMITH.     

       Pursuant to a vote of the Anti-Slavery Society for the North Division of Worcester County, and to the concurrence of the officers of the Anti-Slavery Society for the South Division, there will be a Convention of these two Societies in the town of Worcester, on WEDNESDAY, the 13th of September next, at 10 o'clock, A.M. Each Anti-Slavery Society in the County is earnestly desired to call a meeting immediately, and elect to said Convention five or more delegates; and in case it should neglect to hold a meeting for his purpose, any persons belonging to them and disposed to attend the meeting in Worcester, are invited to be present. And any other persons in the County friendly to the immediate abolition of slavery, are desired to come and participate in the exercises of the Convention. Speakers out of he County will be present, and the meeting, it is expected, will be of an interesting character.JOSHUA T. EVERETT, Pres't. of A.S.S., N. Divis.THOMAS W. WARD, Pres't. of A.S.S., S. Divis.August 23. 3tis   the th of September next,   Pres't. of A.S.S., N. Divis.  Pres't. of A.S.S., S. Divis.     

         A revolution seems to be in progress, but yet it is quite uncertain what the result will be. Week before last we published 'An Appeal from Clerical Abolitionists' in and around Boston. The N.E. Spectator of last week contains an answer, of two columns, from the 'Editor pro tem of the Liberator,' and another of nine columns from the Rev. A.A. Phelps. They are evidently written with effort, and in low spirits. (!) and are about as dull (!) as they are long. Mr. Garrison, too, was busy in preparing a review, at the last advices. It contains also an 'Appeal of Abolitionists of the Theological Seminary at Andover,' which will be found on our last page. The authors very expressly endorse the testimony of the former Appeal, and add something of their own. Notice especially their paragraphs marked 4 and 6. The former condemns one of the most pernicious modes of doing mischief, practised by Anti Slavery conventions and societies. The other will not be very palatable to certain seceders from Lane Seminary, or any who encouraged them in their disaffection, or praised them for it. The article from the Vermont Chronicle shows what direction opinions are taken in that quarter. Here, the Evangelist republishes the Appeal of Clerical Abolitionists, speaks very favorable of it, and thinks it will be well received. If the Andover Appeal is also well received by all, it will be evidence that some have repented of their treatment of Lane Seminary, and of the part they have taken in 'Assemblies possessing no ecclesiastical authority.'The reader will observe that the Andover Abolitionists also appear as witnesses, testifying what they have seen. We repeat, what we said before: Judge whether it is right to express by word or deed, so much approbation of such a society as is implied in the act of joining it.To this, the Evangelist replies, 'by all means;' and gives as a reason, that among the multitudes whom this interesting subject arouses, some must be expected to express themselves differently from others, and some, even to utter errors. This, however, does not meet the point of our objection. It is not against the errors of individual members that we protest, but AGAINST THE OFFICIAL ACTS OF THE SOCIETY; against the language of its OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS and COMMISSIONED AGENTS, whose commissions are not revoked when their course is known. We would not refuse to join the American Tract Society, if we should discover that some of its members are Universalists, and preach Universalism, and publish Universalist newspapers. But if the society should appoint these men to act as its travelling agents, and continue to employ them, though they were known to take advantage of their agency to spread Universalism; if it should, at its anniversaries, year after year, and in disregard of all remonstrances, pass solemn votes, recommending those men to public confidence, and their papers to patronage; if its official publication, the Tract Magazine, should be crowded habitually with Universalism, both communicated and editorial; and if, in addition to all these offences, many of its tracts should be found to teach Universalism; in such a case we would not join the society. And such has been the course of the ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY in respect to the errors and faults mentioned in these Appeals. They have been committed in the OFFICIAL PULICATIONS and by the AGENTS OF THE SOCIETY, and in papers which this society has recommended to public patronage. The commission of these faults has been a great part of the work which THE SOCIETY has done. And such being the case, THE SOCIETY IS NOT TO BE EXCUSED AND JOINED, on the plea that a great part of its members secretly regret these errors. The society is not to be judged by the private opinions of its members, but by its acts and publications; by its annual reports; by the Emancipator, the Human Rights, the Friend of Man, the Liberator; by its quarterly and other publications; by Messrs. Garrison, Phelps, Thompson, Goodell, Elizur and Henry C. Wright, and others whom it holds up, in various ways, to public confidence. The society is as much responsible for these, as the American Tract Society is for its tracts, or the American S.S. Union for its publications and missionaries. In our opinion, every one who strengthens such a society by joining it, is in a greater or less degree a partaker of its sins. Even the 'Appeals' from Boston and Andover will not render their signers innocent, if the society continues unreformed, and they continue to be members.    Judge whether it is right to express by word or deed, so much approbation of such a society as is implied in the act of joining it   It is not against the errors of individual members that we protest every one who strengthens such a society by joining it, is in a greater or less degree a partaker of its sins they continue to be members   

       Agreeably to a provision in the constitution of the N.E.T.C. the various auxiliaries connected with, or which intend writing to the New-England Temperance Society, are hereby informed, that its annual meeting will be held in Boston, on Monday, September 18th, at 10 o'clock, A.M. at which time and place, members and delegates from other Societies, and all others interested in the cause, will please to attend.As the subject is one of great importance, it is earnestly hoped that a full delegation will be in attendance. Delegates, on their arrival, will please report themselves at No. 20, Brattle St. where they will be conducted to suitable boarding places.       Per order.J.W. LEWIS, President.   President.   J.T. HILTON, Secretary.  Secretary.   

 Taking Right Ground. Several Clerical abolitionists in Boston and vicinity, have felt obliged to express their public disapprobation of some of the Garrisonism of that region. We give a few extracts from their public appeal as published in the New England Spectator. Let abolitionists generally come out and put down the spirit and practice of denunciation and abuse, and show a better example by speaking the truth in love, and converts to their cause will be multiplied.— Religious Intel.   Taking Right Ground Religious Intel   

       The annual meeting of the Boston Young Men's Anti-Slavery Society will be holden at No 46, Washington street, on Wednesday evening next, at 7 1-2 o'clock, for the choice of officers, and such other business as may come before them.     Per order.S. OLIVER TORREY,Secretary.    Secretary.   Boston, Sept. 1st, 1837.    

 Wm. L. Garrison, in consequence of the manly freedom with which he has exposed the duplicity of certain hypocrites, has been denounced and condemned by five clergy men in the Boston Spectator. Garrison's reply has made shipwreck of them; they have been driven on the rocks by the tempests of his indignation; the breakers of truth dash over their shattered hulk, and wash away what little consistency of character they possessed, on commencing the voyage of life.They must now stop their subscription to Garrison's newspaper, and then they will have given the climax to their characters for liberality.— Pawtucket Chronicle.     Pawtucket Chronicle   

       Harvey Clapp, B. Colman, Asa Fairbanks, W.R. Bixby, Abraham Andrews, Jr. H.A. Woodman, Catharine Swan, Isaac C. Irish, Isaac Winslow, T.J. Odenbaugh, H.H. Brigham, S. Jones, T. Todd; I. Whitney, I. Tolman, (cannot furnish the Nos. you want,) J. Cady, J.P. Jewett, J. Fallenton, Harvey Clapp, J. Cunningham, A. Fairbanks, J. Stevens 2nd, B. Russell, J. Cary, C.K. Bushnell, 1. Shaw Jr. D. Greene, B. Hurlbut & Co. George S. Gould.    

 'The New England Spectator' indulges the fancy that it will grow fat upon what it represents to be the faults of others. It has commenced an attack upon all true abolitionists— upon all that have sense enough to identify the sinner with his sins, and soul enough to rebuke iniquity under its proper names in high places. The intrepid Garrison and the Liberator would it gladly silence, that the nation's slumbers might not be disturbed, nor the church's repose be interrupted. The priest of Mohammed with his cimetar, and the priest of Juggernaut urging his deluded victims to throw themselves under the wheels of the car, are to be strongly censured, but the dearly beloved priests, who with manacles and whips scathe, emaciate, and murder the unprotected-poor, by a more slow but more cruel process, are not to be the subjects of remark; but rather to be welcomed to our pulpits and to the table of the Lord without rebuke. The junto of pretended abolitionists, with White, Blagden, and Baxter behind the curtain, are in the tail end of the rank led on some time since by Leonard Bacon and Co. called the 'American Union,' and are now making a last effort to extinguish the light that flashes so vividly around them. Not an abolitionist in the world will countenance their hypocritical scheme. But their prayers will be louder and longer for the success of honest TRUTH.— Christian Witness.   Christian Witness   

       George Coffin Jr. 2, Thomas Keyes 2, Martha Thurston 2, Moses Richardson 2, Harvey M. Bancroft 2, Charles Hadwin 2, Joshua Perry 1, W.C. Bond 2, Isaac Rice 2, Sarah C. Herrick 2, Alice Williams 2, Susan Dunton 2, Eliza B. Clifford 1, Daniel McGugin 2, Dr. A.C. Hamilton 2, James McClintock 2, Thomas Martin 2, Joseph Bell 2, A.R. Reed 1, J.W. Newhall 1, Frederick Stocker 1, Luther Cate 1, G.E. Willard 2, Keys and Adams 2, J.P. Jewett 2. J. Brown 4, E. Crane 2, S. Sawyer 1, 80, H. Brackett 2, Parks and Trafton 2, A. Allen 1, L. Eames 1,94, W. Haughton 2, W.S. Balch 2, C.P. Rollins 2, J.P. Hassard 2, W. Berry 2, W.P. Ripley 2, M. Longley 2, J.S. Bacon 1. J.W. Brown 2, S. Lovell 1,08, E. Jones Jr. 2, Lord and Woodward 1, I. Shaw Jr. 2, B. Hurlbut and Co, 2, George S. Gould 2.    

 I pass by what A & B has said of Mr. Garrison's views of the Sabbath, with only this remark; that while Mr. G. is as orthodox on that subject as was John Calvin. I believe the views which they have both promulgated are incorrect; but I am no more ready to exclude Mr. Garrison from the pale of charity on account of his sentiments in relation to the Sabbath, than I am to deny that Calvin was a great Reformer, because he held the same views. The Anti-Slavery Society, moreover, is not responsible for Mr. G's sentiments on that subject. Your correspondent would appear to be extremely sensitive in relation to any thing that invalidates the sabbath; and yet he is not at all alarmed to see the church tolerating a system which not only tramples on that holy day, but on every commandment of the Decalogue! Strange inconsistency! Surely this is 'straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel.'— Correspondent of the Dover Enquirer.   both his he system Correspondent of the Dover Enquirer   

 DIED in Fitchberg on Friday the 25th inst. of a consumption, Miss. Myra, youngest daughter of Mr. Azariah Fuller, aged 27.     

       MR. GARRISON:DEAR SIR— As Messrs. Fitch and Towne tell us that they are receiving information from all parts of the State, approving of their Appeal, I thought it might be well to let you know the feeling in this part of the State, in regard to that singular document; and I would say, that we are, in this vicinity, pretty well abolitionized. I have, myself, had an opportunity to inquire of others in towns adjoining, and have not seen an abolitionist who approved of the Appeal as a whole; nor have I seen one that approved of that part of the article, in regard to going into a brother's pulpit: that doctrine they all condemn. I think that, on reflection, our brethren Fitch and Towne must see, that such principles will not do to carry out. It may be, they supposed they were doing God's service; but, after all, they may possibly find a little of the 'old man' lingering about them. Human nature is the same every where, and it is human to err. I think, after all, that our cause will not suffer on account of that document: it may possibly correct errors among us, in regard to some of our measures; and, as I said of the brethren, so I say of abolitionists as a body— there is a little of the old man among us, and our liability to err, the same as other men; and I think we ought to have the same lenity shown us that other people have who do wrong. I have always contended, that abolitionists are not under higher obligations to be perfect than other men. They ought to do right, and so had our opponents. All I wish of them is, that they would set a better example for us to follow; for you know, Mr. Editor, that we are rather tractable.Here I will leave the subject, hoping we shall see 'eye to eye' on this subject, and give the monster no rest, until our fair inheritance shall be entirely rid of this abomination.Respectfully yours, &c.           J.B.   P.S. You may depend upon there being no desire among abolitionists, for a new organization, in this part of the State. We stand upon the old platform of immediate repentance. If, in acting on this principle, we have done wrong, we will try to correct our course, and may God speed the right.West Bradford, Aug. 28, 1837.      

 The Subscriber has this day assigned to Mr. John Williams all his property for the benefit of all his creditors, by an indenture of this date, in pursuance of an act entitled, 'an act to regulate the assignment and distribution of the property of Insolvent Debtors, passed April 15th, 1836.' A copy of the assignment may be found at No 17, Kilby St. where creditors are invited to call and sign their names.      CHARLES PATTEN   Boston, Aug. 29, 1837.    

       That meets my views, zackly '   FRIEND GARRISON:The shout of triumph and approbation which the enemies of abolition set up, on reading the Appeal of Mr. Fitch and his coadjutors, reminds me forcibly of a well-known temperance anecdote. A meeting was held in the early days of the temperance reform, in a country town, and a resolution was offered, that all who joined the temperance society should pledge themselves to abstain from ardent spirits. Esq. B., after hearing many arguments in favor of the measure, got up and said that he could not approve of it; that it was going too fast and too far; that a little ardent spirit was good and useful, on certain occasions; and, for himself, although he was a great friend to temperance, he could not sign the proposed pledge. As soon as the Esq. had sat down, a miserable drunkard who was present got up, and reeling and hiccoughing said, 'Mr. Chairman, I think the 'Squire is right! He meets my views zackly!'    great friend He meets my views zackly    O.Z.     

            Genius of Liberty! to thee The bondman lifts his eye;And wilt thou not with willing wing, Swift to his rescue fly?While Freedom's gift to thee ascends, Like some vast incense cloud—And where pride boasts of liberty, In tones deep, long and loud,There mingles with the choral song Of those who sing to thee,The wailing of a fettered man, That's sighing to be free.Bound to his tasks by cruel chains, What charm hath life for him?Can his soul join the anthem sung, While chains confine each limb?—Shall woman, bleeding from the lash, And severed from her mate,Mingle her offering with the free, Her heart crushed, desolate?Thou Genius of the happy free, Abroad thy pinions fling,Till toil-worn slaves, like other men, Rejoice beneath thy wing;Till, o'er the vine-clad earth, and foam-crowned sea,Heart joins with heart to keep one general Jubilee!                        other     general Jubilee!    E.P.D.     

       DEAR BROTHER GARRISON,With emotions of heartfelt gratitude, the genuine Abolitionists in this vicinity welcome the 'Layman's Reply to the Clerical Appeal.'— We deprecate the course of the 'Clerical five.' We disclaim fellowship with them, as Abolitionists, who would gladly go to the bottom, for the sake of 'sinking the ship.' What will they say next? Has their censorship expired? Will their next article be headed, 'The Clerical Apology for the 'Clerical Appeal'?O, my heart is weary, my soul sickens, to see those who should be doers of the law, aspiring to be its judges— to see blear-eyed man, fumbling for an imaginary 'mote in his brother's eye'— to see 'blind guides strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.' Verily, it makes me shudder to see the unsightly hoo[ ] stealing out beneath the sacerdotal robe— to see ambassadors from the court of heaven, commissioned by the King of kings on an errand of benevolence, forgetful of the high trusts committed to their care, stop by the way to fight a duel of words, for the defence of their dignity. How pitiful! We would say to all such in the language of Immanuel, 'We unto you, Scribes and Pharisees, for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.' But I must not trespass too long upon your patience. If ONWARD be our watchword, success will be our attendant, for our Helper is almighty.Yours, truly, in bonds of Abolitionism,Abington, Aug. 28.    Clerical Apology Clerical Appeal'?   doers judges        E.P.D.     

          What! our petitions spurned! The prayer Of thousands— tens of thousands— castUnheard beneath your Speaker's chair! But ye will hear us, first or last.The thousands that, last year, ye scorned,Are millions now. Be warned! Be warned!Turn not, contemptuous, on your heel:— It is not for an act of graceThat, suppliants, at your feet we kneel— We stand:— we look you in the face,And say— and we have weighed the word—That our petitions SHALL be heard.There are two powers above the lawsYe make or mar:— They're our allies.Beneath their shield we'll urge our cause, Though all your hands against us rise.We've proved them, and we know their might:The CONSTITUTION and the RIGHT.We say not, ye shall snap the links That bind you to your dreadful slaves:Hug, if ye will, a corpse that stinks, And toil on with it to your graves!But, that ye may go, coupled thus,Ye never shall make slaves of us.And what, but more than slaves, are they Who're told they ne'er shall be deniedThe right of prayer; yet, when they pray, Their prayers, unheard, are thrown aside?Such mockery they will tamely bear,Who're fit an iron chain to wear.'The ox, that treadeth out the corn, Thou shalt not muzzle.'— Thus saith God.And will ye muzzle the free-born— The man— the owner of the sod—Who 'gives the grazing ox his meat,'And you— his servants here— your seat?There's a cloud, blackening up the sky! East, west, and north, its curtain spreads:Lift to its muttering folds your eye! Beware! for, bursting on your heads,It hath a force to bear you down:—'Tis an INSULTED PEOPLE'S frown.Ye may have heard of the Soultan, And how his Janissaries fell!Their barracks, near the Atmeidan, He barred, and fired;— and their death-yellWent to the stars,— and their blood ranIn brooks across the Atmeidan.The despot spake: and, in one night, The deed was done. He wields, alone,The sceptre of the Ottomite, And brooks no brother near his throne.Even now, the bow-string, at his beck,Springs round his mightiest subject's neck.Yet will He, in his saddle, stoop— I've seen him, in his palace-yard—To take petitions from a troop Of women, who, behind his guard,Come up, their several suits to press,To state their wrongs, and ask redress.And these, into his house of prayer, I've seen him take; and, as he spreadsHis own before his Maker there, These women's prayers he hears or reads:—For, while he wears the diadem,He is instead of God to them.And this he must do. He may grant, Or may deny; but hear he must.Were his Seven Towers of adamant, They'd soon be level'd with the dust,And 'public feeling' make short work—Should he not hear them— with the Turk.Nay, start not from your chairs, in dread Of cannon shot, or bursting shell!These shall not fall upon your head, As once* upon your house they tell.We have a weapon, firmer setAnd better than the bayonet:—A weapon that comes down as still As snow-flakes fall upon the sod;But executes a freeman's will As lightning does the will of God;And from its force, nor doors nor locksCan shield you:— 'tis the ballot-box.Black as your deed shall be the balls That, from that box, shall pour like hail!And, when the storm upon you falls, How will your craven cheeks turn pale!For, at its coming though ye laugh,'T will sweep you from your hall, like chaff.Not women, now,— the people pray. Hour us— or from us ye will hear!Beware!— a desperate game ye play! The men, that thicken in your rear—Kings though ye be— may not be scorned.Look to your move! your stake!— YE'RE WARNED.     will             Ye   all         may  us.      unheard,        man                          He,    women,            must  hear                            people  from       * 'When the British entered Washington in the war of 1812-'15.     

        Unless the Lord his arm of power Had o'er our heads extended;Unless the Lord in peril's hour His chosen had defended;When fierce with mingled rage and pride, Up rose the foe around us,Deep plunged beneath their swelling tide, The waves of wrath had drown'd us.Wake, Israel! wake the grateful strain, His praise be sung and spoken—For thee the snare is laid in vain, The fowler's net is broken;Hosanna! bless the living Lord, Each heart to fear a stranger;The glories of His name record, Our stay in every danger.That power at whose creative call Sprung forth to form and motionThis universal frame, and all That people earth, sky, ocean;That Being whose resistless will Holds nature in subjection,In mercy flings around us still The shield of His protection.                              

        Slavery must die! those scenes of peace and joy,When nothing more may hurt, nor more destroy:When swords, the source and signs of wrong, shall cease,Beaten to ploughshares, implements of peace;When spears no more shall arm a tyrant's hand,But, turned to pruning-hooks, blest every land;When knowledge of the Lord o'er earth shall beDeep, boundless, chainless, as the flowing sea:These cheering hopes, these visions from on high,Give blessed assurance, SLAVERY SHALL DIE!              

            By Harriet Martineau, author of 'Illustrations of Political Economy.' 2 vols. 12mo. (vol. 1.) New York, Saunders and Otley. 1837.The views we expressed of this admirable work in our hasty notice in the last number of this paper, are confirmed by an attentive perusal of the portion now before the public. We are struck with surprise, in reading it, at the vast amount of information she gathered during her short sojourn in our country, the accuracy of her details, and the happy talent of generalizing from particular facts, which her book every where displays. This surprise is increased by the reflection that she labored under the great disadvantage of partial deafness, a fact which would never be guessed from her work, if the express allusions to it she herself frequently makes were struck out.Her opinions on the political frame of our government display both knowledge and sagacity beyond what could have been expected. But a small portion of our legislators bring to the discharge of their public duties so comprehensive an acquaintance with political science, viewed in its true light as the most important branch of morals; and but few are animated with so cheering and well-grounded a trust in that great maxim of liberty on which our institutions are founded, the equality of the rights of man. Her confidence in the universal capacity of the human race for self-government, and in the soundness of the dogma, as one of universal application, that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, is one of the most interesting features of this book.The opinions which Miss. Martineau expresses on the subject of slavery, do honor to her intelligence and philanthropy. She considers that subject, both in its moral and economic influence on our country, and in both respects treats it, with great copiousness and force, as a most deplorable evil. But it is one which she does not survey with despondency. Her confidence in man upholds her in the belief, that the day is fast coming when this stain on our national character will be wholly effaced, and when the great boast of our political theory will not be reduced to the bitterest of mockery, by being mingled with the clank of the bondman's chain.The descriptive and narrative portions of the book are written for the most part with great felicity of expression, and some passages rise to a very high order of eloquence. On all subjects, she speaks her opinions freely and openly, in that spirit of philosophical frankness which is best calculated to promote the great ends of truth. This plainness of speech is never exercised, however, on any topics which are not proper subjects of public disquisition, and ought not, therefore, to give offence. But, unfortunately, a large class of readers in this country desire to render the institution of slavery a tabooed question; and one who discusses it with the freedom and unreserve which Miss. Martineau displays, will certainly encounter great asperity of treatment. She saw enough of the press in this country, and enough of the despotism of opinion on that particular subject, to be well aware what sort of comments her book would provoke; and the attacks which have already been made upon her, in a number of the journals devoted to the interests of the slaveholders, should they ever meet her eye, will not occasion her the least surprise. Her work, however, will do good, much good, on the very question her freedom in treating which, will cause it to be most strongly denounced; for she does not oppose the evils of slavery with sounding declamation, but by the calm statement of truths so clear and unanswerable, that they will sink deep even into those minds in which they excite temporary anger, and will ere long bring forth good fruit. Every truth, calmly and soberly spoken, by one to whose sentiments so much respect naturally attaches, is an important addition to the cause of sound public opinion. We thank Miss. Martineau for the service she has rendered on the side of freedom in the great struggle which is now going on in this country.There is nothing of the flippancy which characterizes ordinary tourists in this book. Its author set about recording her observations with a deep sense of the obligations which rested upon her; and at times, fearful that she might be led to false conclusions by her glimpses of American society and institutions, and unintentionally swell the amount of inter-national misconception and prejudice, she was almost on the point, she says, of abandoning the idea of saying any thing in print on the subject.'Whenever I encountered half-a-dozen irreconcilable, but respectable opinions on a single point of political doctrine; whenever half-a-dozen fair-seeming versions of a single fact were offered to me; whenever the glow of pleasure at obtaining, by some trivial accident, a piece of important knowledge, passed into a throb of pain at the thought of how much must remain concealed where a casual glimpse disclosed so much; whenever I felt how I, with my pittance of knowledge and amidst my glimmerings of conviction, was at the mercy of unmanageable circumstances, wasted now here and now there, by the currents of opinion, like one surveying a continent from a balloon, with only starlight above him— I was tempted to decline the task of generalizing at all from what I saw and heard. In the intervals, however, I felt that this would be wrong. Men will never arrive at a knowledge of each other, if those who have the opportunity of foreign observation refuse to relate what they think they have learned; or even to lay before others the materials from which they themselves hesitate to construct a theory, or draw large conclusions.' By Harriet Martineau, author of 'Illustrations of Political Economy.' vols. mo. (vol. ) New York, Saunders and Otley. 1837.               

 EMIGRATION.— A correspondence has been commenced between the Mayors of Boston and New York, with a view to procure the adoption of measures to check emigration to the United States. Congress will, we suppose, be petitioned to repeal the naturalization laws. Some men whenever they are in power, show their selfishness and hostility to the rights of man. They cannot realize the idea, that the earth was made for the whole human race; that the boundaries of States or Nations, as agreed on, are only lines run by man; and that, in resisting emigration, we imitate the savages we so heartily despise. Acting on the principle, that God made the earth to produce the greatest amount of good to the greatest number of his children, we have driven the Indians from the shores of the Atlantic to the Rocky Mountains— yet we find men ready, when foreigners seek to better their condition by coming to this country, to drive them back to the miserable homes they had left in the over-populated kingdoms of Europe. We question the right of nations to counteract the design for which the omnipotent fertilised and watered the hills and vales, and believe such as venture to do so will be scourged for their unfeeling and uncharitable conduct. Thus far, this country has welcomed the suffering of every clime to her generous bosom— thus far we have gloried in the thought, that the United States is an asylum for the oppressed of all nations— and our growth, prosperity and happiness have been such, under our free institutions, as to produce a general conviction that it has pleased the Creator of all to make us the most favored and powerful of the family of nations. Let us not depart from a course which seems to have drawn down upon us the smiles of that Providence which fathoms the most hidden designs and watches over all the movements of his creatures.— Louisville Advertiser.    Louisville Advertiser.   

 An African Fable.— It is a fact, known to all, who have travelled much in Africa, that nothing will frighten an Elephant, quicker than the bleating of a goat. However hotly he may be pursuing an object, the bleating of a goat, or a noise resembling it, will at once arrest him and send him bounding from the object of his vengeance. An African being asked the reason of it, related the following fable. In old times, a Goat bet an Elephant, that he could out eat him. They commenced, and soon a spacious plain bore testimony to the capacity of their maws, by being completely denuded of its verdure. On the approach of night, the Elephant wearied with nipping and grinding, forgot his bet, in a doze in the midst of the plain. About midnight, he was aroused by a grinding near him, and finding it was his rival, enquired what he could be eating as he was confident he had devoured every vestige of vegetation before he lay down. Eating,— replied the 'Goat, why I am eating all the rocks, and when I have finished them, I intend to commence on you. The Elephant no sooner heard that,' than he took to his heels, and has ever since been shy of a Goat.   An African Fable.   

 Character of the Texian President Houston, by a Texian.— He is obstinate and arbitrary, and knows how to make himself obeyed by the numerous rascals that have fled to Texas; he handles well a rifle and a pistol, can fight even with a white bear, smokes a cigar, chews tobacco and drinks a julep as frequently as any man in the country.   Character of the Texian President Houston, by a Texian.   

         It is with pain and anguish of soul, that we have seen the southern tier of pews, in Broadway Tabernacle, crowded with our colored brethren. We should rather worship God at our own churches or in our own houses, than to occupy proscribed seats in any other churches. We cannot recognize the man as a brother who oppresses us in the house of GOD.He, certainly, is an oppressor of the worst kind, who denies a sinner or a saint, the privileges of his master's house. His tyranny exceeds that of an earthly despot's, in the same proportion as the value of the soul exceeds that of the body, and without repentance, all things being equal, his punishment must be graduated by the same proportionate rule.The crowds of our people should not go to the Tabernacle, for the following reasons with others, which might be offered:—1. Because in doing so, they sanction their own degradation. They strengthen the cord of caste, by baptizing it in the house of God, and acknowledging it before the saints. Of all other places, the fallen, guilty nations of the earth should meet together on a level in the sanctuary of God. Self abasement, christian identity and brotherly kindness should be the pervading and all prevailing emotions of the soul, when we meet to humble ourselves before HIGH HEAVEN, in the sanctuary, and to confess our sins. And why should we as people, go and worship under the proscriptions of religious tyranny?2. Because there is a wiser policy that should be pursued by us. We are not living, merely for ourselves, but for posterity. We have not only our own good and happiness to consult, but the interests and happiness of the whole. We are not to suffer sin upon our neighbor, but while we would rid ourselves of disabilities, we should 'be wise as serpents, and harmless as doves,' in winning even our spiritual oppressors to Christ, by repentance and an amendment of their ways.Brethren, if you will go to the white churches, (and we have nothing against your going, if you do not neglect duty at home, and injure your own churches by it,) scatter yourselves. We invite fifty to go to the TABERNACLE— twenty-five to Dr. Spring's church, twenty-five to Mr. Pott's, twenty-five to Dr. McElroy's, twenty-five to each of the Dutch churches, and the Episcopal churches, the Methodist, and the Baptist churches, and so forth throughout the city.But, brethren, be careful never to go into the proscribed negro pews. Stand in the aisles, and rather worship God upon your feet, than become a party to your own degradation. You must shame your oppressors, and wear out prejudice, by this holy policy. God demands it of you in proportion as HE gives you light, and opportunity. If you pursue this measure with all modesty and christian demeanor, the time is not distant, when the necessity of separate churches will be superseded, by all becoming ONE in Christ Jesus.3. The third reason why our people should not go in such crowds to Broadway Tabernacle is because by it, we know they are neglecting their own churches. They weaken the hands and discourage the hearts of their ministers, by leaving them to preach to empty pews. They also by so doing, withhold their mites from the contribution boxes, and leave the Trustees almost single handed, to sustain the pecuniary interests of the church. The example likewise is bad; its effects on our children and the world may be fatal.4. The fourth and last reason we shall offer is, that we can never assume our privilege in crowds. We may, eventually, gain our rights in the mass, but until then, we should worship in small numbers at the same church, we should reside scattered throughout the community, and we should travel individually or in very small companies. If we do otherwise, pursue any other policy, the DEVIL or some of his IMPS, will be sure to insult us.              careful proscribed negro pews.       

       The editors of the Boston. Daily Advertiser have received a Proclamation of President Boyer, of Hayti, issued on the 20th of July, in consequence of the embarrassments under which the people of that country are labouring, from the depressed state of commerce and credit, and the scarcity and dearness of the means of subsistence. This is attributed partly to the financial difficulties in foreign countries, particularly the United States, and partly to drought which has affected the different parts of the Republic and cut off its principal resources. He exhorts the Haytiens to apply themselves by their industry, and a prudent economy, to ensuring the means of subsistence for themselves and their families— to rely upon their own resources, without depending for the supply of their wants upon foreign commerce, which may be again struck with the same disasters which paralyze it at present, and its relations may be suddenly interrupted by unexpected wants. He exhorts them particularly to apply themselves to the cultivation of the earth, and to the raising of those nutricious roots which are safe against the fury of hurricanes, long continued drought, or an excess of rain. He calls upon the public functionaries to watch over the execution of the laws, to exhibit in their example a zeal in the cultivation of the earth, to repress idleness, and to see that the rights and property of their fellow citizens are every where protected.    

 THE POISONED VALLEY OF JAVA.— The usual meeting of the Royal Asiatic Society, took place on Saturday; the Right Hon. W.W. Wynn in the chair. A paper was read by Col. Sykes on the poisoned Upas Valley at Betur, in Java, extracted from a letter by Mr. Loudon, containing a description of his visit to the place in July, 1830. According to the statement of Mr. Loudon, this valley is twenty miles in extent, and of a considerable width: it presents a most desolate appearance, the surface being sterile and without any vegetation. The valley contains numerous skeletons of mammalia and birds. In one case the skeleton of a human being was seen with the head resting upon the right hand; according to tradition, it is said that the neighboring tribes were in the habit of driving their criminals into the valley to expiate their crimes. Mr. Loudon tried the experiment of lowering some dogs and fowls into the valley, and in every case, animation became quickly suspended, although life was prolonged in some instances for ten minutes. The valley proved to be the crater of an extinguished volcano, in which carbonic acid gas is generated, like the Grotto del Cane, at Naples. The fabulous influence imputed to the Upas tree is, therefore, without foundation, the mortality being caused solely by the deleterious agency of the gas.— London paper.   London paper.   

 USURERS, LOOK AT THIS. At Jamaica, says a correspondent of the New-York Times, lives a man who is upwards of eighty years of age, and original in his character. He is wealthy and childless; his wife and six attached negro followers, not slaves, sit with him at the same table. He is shrewd in his dealings, and prospers; he recognizes no 'currency' but coin— will receive and pay nothing else. The last land sale at Jamaica was made by him— nine acres, at $1000 the acre, one half down, on delivering the deed. He required this to be paid in specie— which, as he had always done, he lent on mortgage at five per cent. He never takes more, declaring that to be all that the use of money is worth. He refuses more. He has now $50,000 or $60,000 lent on mortgage at that rate. A few months ago, he bought a cow of a neighbor for $27[ ]50. A week or two afterwards, he came to the seller and said that the animal was better than she had been represented to be; that it was his way to do, as to require justice in all his dealings; and he tendered the seller $2[ ]50 more. It was refused, of course, but the old man left the money among the children. These are but specimens of countless similar tales related of him. His frame bends under the weight of eighty-four years, but his health is unbroken, and his spirits are good; he totters under a green old age, down the hill of life, and if a conscientious observance of his rules of right can soften the pillow or ensure calm slumbers, that old man must have serene nights. What will our money-lenders think of a man who refuses more than five per cent.?   five   

 'My voice is still for war,' exclaims the ambitious and blood thirsty warrior. 'Peace on earth and good will to men,' is the motto and spirit of the gospel.— The following is taken from the New Orleans Observer, a religious paper, edited by a minister of Jesus Christ.— Buff. Spec.'Much as we deprecate the incalculable evils of war, we do believe that it is the clear duty of our government to prove to those Mexican robbers that the United States are both able and willing to protect our citizens against all their rapacity, were the perpetrators in the heart of the city of Mexico.'   religious Buff. Spec.     

       The Mid. Co. Anti-Slavery Society held its third quarterly meeting of the present year, agreeably with public notice, at Westford, on Tuesday, Aug. 15. At 9 o'clock, A.M. the Society assembled in a hall, and were called to order by the President. Rev. Mr. Bourne of New York city, opened the meeting with prayer.— The Secretary being absent, Rev. Mr. Barnaby, of Townsend, was chosen Secretary pro. tem. Rev. Messrs. Barnaby of Townsend, Thurston of Lowell, and Wilder of Concord, were chosen a Committee of arrangements. The Secretary having arrived, read the Constitution and the minutes of the last meeting. During the absence of the Committee of arrangements, the Society listened to some interesting remarks and statements from Rev. Mr. Gould, Agent of the American Anti-Slavery Society. The report of the Committee of arrangements (consisting of a series of resolutions,) was then read and accepted. Adjourned to the Rev. Mr. Luce's meeting house. Prayer by Rev. Mr. Burnap of Lowell. There were more clergymen and a larger number of delegates from the towns in the county, than were ever present before at a quarterly meeting. Among the clergymen present were Rev. Messrs. Bourne of New York city. Phelps and Gould of Boston, Burnap and Thurston of Lowell, Wilder and Reynolds of Concord, Harding of Waltham, Brigham of Framingham, Woodbury of Acton, Blake and Luce of Westford, Barnaby of Townsend, Brown of Shirley and Cross of Boxborough. There were large delegations from the above mentioned towns in the county, and from Groton, Chelmsford and Carlisle. The following resolutions were read, ably and eloquently supported by most of the Clergymen present, and by Messrs. Westall of Lowell, Gould, Agent of the A.A.S.S. and Jackson, Agent of the Maine A.S.S. and unanimously adopted.1. Resolved, That the right of petition is one of the most sacred ever enjoyed by man; and as that right is now jeoparded, it is the indispensable duty of every freeman now to rally round it, and preserve it from immolation.2. Resolved, That it is necessary, that the friends of liberty should be willing to make personal sacrifices in the circulation of petitions to Congress and to our State Legislature, and thus rescue our country from the fetters of Slavery.3. Resolved, That immediate measures should be adopted by the friends of emancipation, throughout the county, to have it thoroughly visited and organized for vigorous and efficient action in the promotion of the cause.4. Resolved, That the meeting take measures to carry the resolutions into immediate effect.The following gentlemen were chosen a Committee for that purpose, Rev. Messrs. Barnaby of Townsend, Burnap and Thurston of Lowell, Brigham of Framingham, Harding of Waltham, Woodbury of Acton, and Cross of Boxboro'.The towns in the County were assigned as follows:To Barnaby— Townsend, Pepperell, Groton and Ashby.To Burnap and Thurston— Lowell, Dracutt, Tewksbury, Chelmsford, Dunstable, Billerica and Tyngsbury.To Brigham— Framingham, Hopkington, Holliston, Sherburne, Natick, Wayland, Weston, Lincoln, Sudbury:To Wilder— Charlestown, Cambridge, West-Cambridge, Lexington, Waltham, Watertown, Brighton and Newton.To Woodbury— Acton, Concord, Bedford, Wilmington, Woburn, Medford, Stoneham, Reading, South-Reading and Malden.To Cross— Boxboro', Carlisle, Littleton, Shirley, Stow and Westford.5. Resolved, That while we compassionate the poor slaves under their cruel and unrighteous bondage, we are bound also, in view of the character and circumstances of their masters, to make them subjects of holy solicitude and fervent prayer.6. Resolved, That the interests of humanity, the Union of the United States and the permanence of our free institutions alike demand the universal and the determined resistance of the people to the proposed annexation of Texas to this country.7. Resolved, That the inhabitants of this county be hereby requested without distinction of party, to remonstrate immediately and earnestly against said annexation.8. Resolved, That while as abolitionists we regard the great principles, of our associations, righteous principles and as demanding the vigorous efforts of the friends of humanity and religion, we would approve only of righteous measures; and express our unfeigned regret that any individuals have attached to this cause, subjects utterly foreign to the principles of abolition, such as 'views on the subject of peace,' 'human and family government,' 'the appropriate province of woman,' and of the 'Sabbath,' with which, as abolitionists, we have nothing to do.9. Resolved, That this cause requires the truth to be spoken with firmness and perseverance, but in the spirit of love and christian courtesy.10. Resolved, That we as abolitionists, in view of the present crisis of things now pending, pledge ourselves anew to one another and to God, that come civil persecution or ecclesiastical denunciation, come prosperity or adversity, life or death, we will persevere.11. Resolved, That this Society pledge itself to raise the sum of one thousand dollars, the present year, in the aid of the cause of emancipation.12. Resolved, That the officers of this Society be authorised to apportion to each town in the county, the sum, which it ought to raise, and communicate the same to the committee of visitation and organization, that the money may be raised forthwith.Voted, That the proceedings of this meeting be published in the Concord Freeman and the other papers published in Middlesex county, and in the Liberator, the New England Spectator and Recorder published in the city of Boston.The hour having arrived,— half past four— previously named for the dissolution of the meeting, it was accordingly dissolved.    Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved,       To Barnaby   To Burnap and Thurston   To Brigham   To Wilder   To Woodbury   To Cross   Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved, as abolitionists,   Resolved,   Resolved, we will persevere.   Resolved,   Resolved,   Voted,      JOSEPH WARREN CROSS, Secretary. Secretary.     

         The annual meeting of the Cambridgeport Anti-Slavery Society was holden at the house of Dexter Fairbank, Esq. on Monday evening July 31st, when the following gentlemen were elected Officers for the year ensuing.President, Dexter Fairbank.Vice Presidents, George Cummings, Edward Brown, Jr.Sec'y. & Treas. John Dallinger, Jr.Counsellors.— Rev. J.W. Parker, Dea. William Farwell, Messrs. Loa. Richardson, H.M. Chamberlain, J.S. Barbour, Joseph W. Alden.The annual report was read and accepted, but owing to its length, it was deemed improper at this time to offer it for publication.The following resolutions were offered by Mr. John Dallinger Jr. and unanimously adopted.Resolved, That the Legislatures of this State and New-Jersey, at their last sessions, in enacting laws to secure a trial by jury of all its citizens who may be claimed as fugitives from Slavery, have shown their attachment to the fundamental principles of the American Revolution, and set a worthy example to every free state in this republic.Resolved, That although we, as christians and republicans, cannot justify the unrighteous practice of holding our fellow men in bondage, yet we recommend to our brethren of the free states, that in expressing their sympathies for the slave, they should not forget that those who hold them in bondage are our constitutional brethren, and in all our labors we should be tempered by wisdom, prudence and love.Resolved, That the bold and fearless stand taken by the venerable Ex-President Adams on the floor of Congress, in defence of the sacred right of petition, entitles him to the sincere gratitude of every freeman, who regards the interests of his fellow-men and the welfare of his country.The following, offered by Dr. S.A. Toothaker, was adopted unanimously.Resolved, That the admission of Texas into the Union is a step uncalled for in the present state of our country— that it would throw the balance of power into the slaveholding states, and thus place at a still more distant period the day when all the American people shall be a free people, and liberty echo throughout the land.Voted, To raise one hundred dollars to be paid over to the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society.The society was formed in July, 1835, and thirty-two names were enrolled in the cause of the oppressed. Opposition in every form, and from every point, has been our lot. Ministers and People, Christians and Infidels, have (with some few honorable exceptions) raised the cry— 'Down with the fanatics! They will destroy the church, ruin the country, and bring us down to a level with the brutes and negroes!' In other words, they feel alarmed lest the negro shall be raised to a level with themselves. Yet the cause has progressed— numbers have been added— and all who are now enlisted in the cause of the dumb, have thus far proved themselves true and faithful soldiers in the great moral conflict of removing the sin of slavery from our land.    President,   Vice Presidents,   Sec'y. & Treas.   Counsellors.       Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved,      Resolved, free   Voted,       DEXTER FAIRBANK, President. President.   JOHN DALLINGER, JR. Sec'y.  Sec'y.   

          Winthrop, July 24th, 1837. Winthrop, July th,   MR. CUMMINGS,— Will you please to give the enclosed Resolves an insertion in the Mirror, and oblige the committee of the Society?     SAMUEL BENJAMIN, Rec. Sec'y.Per order. Rec. Sec'y.     At the anniversary of the Winthrop Anti-Slavery Society, held on the 4th inst., at which an address was delivered by Rev. George Storrs, the following resolutions were unanimously adopted.Resolved, That the foundation principle of abolitionism is, that Slavery is a sin— and therefore ought to be immediately abandoned.Resolved, That by immediate emancipation we do not mean immediate freedom from all such restraints as are necessary to compel him to do right and conduce to his own and the public weal, but we derive the authority to restrain, not from ownership of property in man, but from wise and humane enactments of law— these two sources being as distant from each other as robbery and right.Resolved, That the pulpit is recreant to its high duty, unless it 'cry aloud and spare not' against the abominations of slavery.Resolved, That while we deeply regret the interruption of the long continued and faithful services of the Rev. DAVID THURSTON as a minister of Christ in this town, we rejoice to know that this able and pious man of God, is now engaged in the cause of abolitionism— in pleading for the dumb, and in pouring out his spirit into the ears of God and man for the down-trodden slave, and that we believe if he falls a martyr to the cause, his will be a martyrdom for the sake of humanity and truth.Resolved, That we have undiminished confidence in the righteous principles and unflinching integrity of William Lloyd Garrison— we respect his character, we respect his moral energy, constancy and perseverance, and viewing slavery in all its forme to be clear robbery, we cannot censure the severity of his language when speaking of the crime of man-stealing.Resolved, That professed regard for the cause of abolition which exerts its energies in lamenting over the supposed or real rashness and indiscretions of its friends, is more injurious than open opposition, and that the 'hail, master,' and the kiss of abolition Judases, ought to be classed with the 'crucify him' of the multitude.Resolved, That charity for those who claim to be friends of the oppressed, while they refuse to cooperate in measures for their deliverance, will soon cease to be a duty.Resolved, That the people of the free States, laden with memorials and petitions, ought immediately to knock at the doors of Congress, and ask for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, and also of the slave trade, and if Congress will not hear, to seek relief at the ballot box.Resolved, That he who gives to this cause gets the best security, for he that giveth to the poor lendeth to the Lord.Resolved, That the proposed annexation of Texas to the United States is fraught with danger to the Union, and that it is the duty of every good citizen to do what he can to prevent it.    Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved, man-stealing.   Resolved,   Resolved, charity   Resolved,   Resolved,   Resolved,    SAMUEL BENJAMIN, Rec. Sec'y. Rec. Sec'y.     

 THE EXCISION.— A correspondent of the Cincinnati Journal says:The delegates from the slaveholding states have been foremost, and with some exceptions, very unanimous in these extraordinary proceedings, by which more ministers are excluded, or declared so, from the Presbyterian church, than are to be found in the entire states of Kentucky, Virginia, North and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas and the District of Columbia. From all the above States, I find on the printed minutes of 1836, the names of only four hundred and fifty-seven ministers. And yet the delegates from this vast moral waste, have voted to discourage the operations of the American Education Society and American Home Missionary Society in the Presbyterian church. I have no doubt but what one southern minister spoke the mind of many when he told me, he had acted cheerfully and from a sense of duty in what he had done, and if the vote was to be put, he would vote to cut off every abolitionist from the Presbyterian church. He said the church was founded by slaveholders, and anti-slavery men had no business in it.(Truly here is a new religious test introduced. Why not as well say the P.C. was founded by men who drank rum and wine, and tee-totalers have no business in it?— ED. EVAN.)         

 APOPLEXY IN THE AGED.— It is said that apoplexy has become more frequent of late years than formerly, and the effect is ascribed to increased civilization and the consequent increase of intellectual exertion. Mr. Farr, as quoted by McCulloch, says: 'After sixty-five, a man should undertake nothing requiring great intellectual exertion or sustained energy; warmth, temperance, tranquillity, may prolong his years to the close of a century; a rude breath of the atmosphere, a violent struggle, or a shock, will suffice to terminate his existence. The apoplexy of the aged can with care be averted for several years; but it is, perhaps the natural death, the euthanasia of the intellectual: their blood remains pure, the solids firm to the last, when a fragile artery gives way within the head, the blood escapes, and by a gentle pressure dissolves sensibility at its source forever. The life is no longer there: the corporeal elements are given back to the universe.'     

 The British brig Harpy, commanded by C. Clements, captured off the north end of Martinique a Portuguese schooner called the Florida, after a chase of several hours, with a crew consisting of twenty-two Portuguese and six slaves. She had a cargo of 280 slaves on board. The master of the slaver had left the coast of Lagos with 315 slaves, and would have had 330 but for the upsetting of the last canoe with fifteen, who were drowned— thirty died from sickness— she had been chased by seven men of war at different times, but escaped to fall a prize to the Harpy. When captured, the crew of the slaver were intoxicated, having become so when no prospect of escape presented itself. They had cut through the gunwales in several places, and taken the wedges out of the masts to improve the sailing, which latter circumstance nearly caused them to go when she hove to, which was in lat. 14 58, long. 61 43; the bowsprit was also sprung.     

 Mr. Adams delivered an Independence oration in 1793, an extract of which was published in the old school books. This year, forty-four years afterwards, he has delivered another on the same anniversary. Probably no other instance can be found, of one man having delivered two orations on that occasion, so far apart. No other man in the United States began public life so early, or has continued in it so long, and we hope it may be said hereafter, that no one continued to so late a period of life.— We believe it may now be said, no member of Congress ever exhibited such untiring industry, or accomplished more, or did more good to the public.— Lynn Record.   forty-four years may be Lynn Record.   

 The New Orleans American says: 'The inimitable laws of Nature must have ordained that the wild Red Man and African should fall before the intellectual European. Indeed are the works of Providence inscrutable.' This is the kind of argument by which tyrants always justify themselves. It is the miserable plea of might against right. The same 'inimitable laws of Nature,' we suppose, ordained that the Frenchman of St. Domingo should fall before the intellectual negro! 'It is a poor rule, &c.'— Boston Times.   Boston Times.   

 Mulberry Trees.— There are in the vicinity of Burlington, New Jersey, about three hundred and twenty thousand mulberry trees under cultivation, The Messrs. Cheneys have about 200,000; Hon. Garret D. Wall, in connection with Mr. Chauncy Stone, about 40,000; Samuel Gummere and Caleb R. Smith, 40,000; and Israel Kinsman 40,000.In order to favor the production of silk, these gentlemen are preparing cocooneries, intending to commence feeding worms the present season.   Mulberry Trees.     

 The Quadruple Alliance. It is not a little remarkable, that among the parties to the quadruple alliance, there should be no less than three female sovereigns, neither of whom much exceeds the mature age of eighteen— namely, the Queens of England, Spain and Portugal. The fact is unprecedented in the annals of diplomacy.   The Quadruple Alliance.   

       ON Anti-Slavery Measures, &c. &c. Just published by ISAAC KNAPP, 25 Cornhill in pamphlet form. Appeal of Clerical Abolitionists on Anti-Slavery Measures— Reply by Editor Pro tem. of the Liberator— Mr. Garrison's Reply— Reply to the Appeal by Rev. A.A. Phelps— Appeal of Abolitionists in the Theological Seminary at Andover. Mass. Price 10 cts. single, 75 cts. per doz.      

       Editor.   NOW ready for delivery in any quantity. Orders solicited from any part of the United States, and promptly answered by ISAAC KNAPP, 25 Cornhill.Price— $30,00 per 1000— $3,50 per 100— 50 cents per dozen. No deviation from these prices.Orders for the Almanac should be forwarded as early a day as possible.         Aug 25.     

       FFANCIS WILES, wishes to inform his friends and the public that he has opened a Boarding House, at No. 19 West Broadway, where he will be happy to accommodate respectable people with board and lodging on reasonable terms. His house is situated in a pleasant part of the city, and he will endeavor to see that all who patronize him, have comfortable accommodations.New York, Aug 9. 1737.    New York, Aug   

       R. BAYNES, Dentist, would respectfully announce to his friends and the public, his removal to No. 1 Pitts Street, Boston, where he would be happy to attend to all operations embracing the latest improvements.  Dentist,    aug 4.     

       H.C. HOLMES, from a long experience of thirty years in the above business, feels himself prepared to execute work in the neatest manner, and with the best of materials. He will work on reasonable terms and meet his orders promptly. He solicits a share of patronage from the abolitionists and the public generally. If my friends should have painting to be done in the city or out of the city, I will promptly attend to it. All orders left at 25, Cornhill, will be promptly and thankfully attended to.Boston, July 28.      

       TO procure, situations for three colored girls, whose parents are not living. They are now in the South, and should situations be obtained, they will be sent for this summer. The persons taking them will be required to take the whole charge of, and keep them until they are grown. Country situations would be preferred. The oldest is 13— next 11, and the youngest 7 years of age. Written or personal applications at this office will be attended to.Boston, July 28.      

       A lad of sixteen years wishes to obtain a situation as apprentice at the carpenter's business, or farming, in some town, not over thirty miles from Boston. For habits of industry, morals, character, &c. he will give satisfactory references. Address J.C. No. 25, Cornhill. Boston Mass.July 21th, 1837.       

       MRS. C.J. LEWIS has removed her boarding house, from No. 7 West Centre St. to No. 2. Bridge Court, George st. where she is ready to accommodate genteel persons with Board on reasonable terms. Inquire at J.W. Lewis's Black-smith shop, No. 70, Cambridge st. or at the Anti-Slavery Rooms, No. 25 Cornhill.     July 21.     

       A FEW COPIES only for sale at 25, Cornhill, Debate on 'Modern Abolitionism, in the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, held in Cincinnati, 1836. With Notes.'June 30.       

 SALT WATER BATHS. BRAMAN'S Salt Water Baths, at the foot of Chesnut street, are now open. Such alterations have been made in this Bathing establishment as to insure at all hours Salt Water Baths of any temperature that may be wished.      is july 14     

       AN ESSAY on Slavery and Abolitionism, with Reference to the Duty of American Females, Addressed to Miss. A.E. Grimke, by Catherine E. Beecher. For sale at 25, Cornhill.June 30.       

       JUST published, at No. 25 Cornhill, a neat pamphlet of 36 pages, entitled Slaveholding weighed in the Balance of Truth, and its comparative Guilt illustrated. By Rev. Charles Fitch, pastor of the First Free Congregational Church, Boston.In this work the author, in a very clear and lucid manner, institutes a comparison between several practices, generally acknowledged to be flagrantly wicked, and shows beyond the possibility of cavil, that they fall far short of slaveholding in guilt. Price $5 per hundred, 75 cts. per doz., 3 cts. single.      

       THE subscriber, one of the signers of the articles styled the proceedings of the male members of the 'Abyssinian Church and Society of Portland,' published in the Portland Daily Evening Advertiser, of the 24th of May last, denying the authority of the Rev. Samuel W. Chase, to act as agent of the 'Abyssinian Society of Portland,' and another article published in the same paper bearing the date of the 27th of May last, charging Mr. Chase with travelling under false pretences, with collecting money and appropriating it to his own individual purposes. This certifies that in the opinion of the subscriber, the imputations and insinuations against the said Chase, contained in said articles are wholly without foundation, and I further say, that it appears by the records of the 'Abyssinian Religious Society of Portland,' which have been submitted to my inspection, that Mr. Chase was, at a legal meeting of the said Society, appointed the agent of the same to solicit and obtain funds for the payment of debts for which the Meeting house of the said Society is mortgaged— in which capacity I am informed and believe that he has discharged his duty faithfully, uprightly, and honestly; and I am of the opinion that Mr. Chase is worthy of respect and confidence.     TITUS SKILLINGS.   Portland, July 19, 1837. aug. 4.    

       MESSRS. GERRISH & EDWARDS:HAVING left the city for the purpose of soliciting aid to relieve the 'Abyssinian Religious Society of Portland' from embarrassment by debt, and, having noticed during my absence an advertisement in the Daily Evening Advertiser, of Portland, said to be the proceedings of the male members of the 'Abyssinian Church and Society,' the object of which is obviously to defame my character, and retard my progress in procuring funds for the use of the 'Abyssinian Religious Society of Portland,' I returned to this city for the purpose of defending my character against that unjust attack, and since my return I have noticed another article published in the Daily Evening Advertiser, charging me with travelling under false pretences; of collecting money and with appropriating it to my own individual purposes. I think it my duty to state that I have instituted a suit against the authors of said libelous articles, which will be tried at the next term of the Supreme Judicial Court, in Cumberland County, and as the case will undergo a judicial investigation I shall not at present remark farther upon those libelous publications. I will however, state, that as it regards my standing as a minister of the gospel, I have sufficient testimonials to substantiate my claims to that character, and, also, to show that I am fully authorised to act as an agent for the Abyssinian Religious Society of Portland.       SAMUEL W. CHASE.   PORTLAND, June 21, 1837.    

       JUST PUBLISHED, by ISAAC KNAPP, 25, Cornhill, a Sermon, preached to the Second Church in Scituate. Mass. by SAMUEL J. MAY. Published by request.ARCHY MOORE. A few copies remain unsold at 25, Cornhill.CHLOE SPEAR. Memoirs of Chloe Spear, a native African. A Sabbath School book. Only a few copies for sale at 25, Cornhill. Price 25 cts.June 30          

