 Our colored friends in this city have done a good thing in causing the Introductory Lecture, delivered before the Adelphic Union, Nov. 19, 1838, by Edmund Quincy, to be printed in pamphlet form. It contains much excellent advice, conveyed in a pleasing and instructive manner, which they will do well to heed. An extract hereafter.    

 The Address of the Managers of the State Society deserves to be considered and acted upon without delay by the local societies in the State. It is to be lamented that there should be any collision between the Parent and State Societies; but the forceful proceedings of the N.Y. Executive Committee are alone the cause of it. It is strange they are unwilling to listen to the voice of the Board, and allow their financial agents to act under its direction. We hope the abolitionists of Massachusetts will resolve to carry out their pledge under the relation agreed upon in May last.The insanity and liberty hating spirit of the Legislature of Ohio exceeds all bounds. (See 1st page.)      

        The following is the very scurrilous petition that was presented to the Massachusetts Legislature, some days since, from Lynn. The representative who presented it ought to be ashamed of his conduct; and the House, in receiving and referring it to a committee, have not only degraded themselves in the eyes of all upright men, but made a mockery of the right of petition, and invited fresh insults to virtue, decency, justice.To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of Massachusetts in General Court assembled.Gentlemen— Your petitioners, the undersigned, beg leave most respectfully to represent, that inasmuch as we have noticed that a petition has been presented to your Honorable Body, by Miss Caroline Augusta Chase, and seven hundred and eighty-five other females of this town, praying that 'all laws may be forth with repealed which make a distinction between the citizens of this State on account of difference in color.' We therefore humbly pray that in your legislature you will, as soon as convenient, pass an act, granting a free and full privilege to the said Caroline Augusta Chase, and the seven hundred and eighty-five of the females excluding all those who are not of lawful age,) to marry, intermarry, or associate with any Negro, Indian, Hottentot, or any other being in human shape, at their will and pleasure, provided they do not in any way transgress the law over and above the petition.By the passage of such an act, you will confer a favor on your petitioners, who, as in duty bound, will ever pray.   To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of Massachusetts in General Court assembled.       Samuel CurtisJohn Estes  Benjamin CliffordJames Phillips Jr.  Charles ChesterLewis A. Lauriat  H.C. ColburnJesse L. Attwill  Jon D. PhillipsSamuel P. Collins  Samuel W. KimballSamuel G. Ashton  Albert B. IngallsWm. H. Wilson  Darius ParryWm. Tarbox  Thomas CollyerAndrew Kelly  Samuel B. CollyerS.S. Bancroft  William StoneWilliam Hart  Mark H. DavisJohn Kirke  John LowJohn H. Dodge  --- Gibbons, Jr.B.R. Sanborn  John GilsonLarkin Woodbury  S.P. FlintDavid Capen  Harrison ParrottBradley Keys  Samuel HendersonIsaac A. Mansfield  James NeallStephen Norton  John H.B. SwaseyLevi Robinson  Wm. Wiggin, Jr.John Fisher  Thomas ChapmanJames Simonds  Henry PerkinsAugustus Gouldhurst  Samuel TwisdenBenjamin Coats  John TaylorNathan Balch  Samuel TaylorCharles Rodgers  Benjamin H. WilsonSilvanus Balch  Lermond LewiesIsaac H. Tarbox  John R. BarrottJohn C. Dow  Jonathan CurrieAaron Newhall  Edward ThayerJohn Caldwell  Joseph G. TaylorEben Parrott  William BulfinchJohn Gomes  John W. PirkettJames C. Lamphier  Benjamin H. JacobJohn Stone, 3d  Cornelius WheelerJames Dennis  Joseph RobbinsSimon Wilkins  Alfred ChadbournThomas C. Haskell  John MerrittThomas Stone  John CollinsNathaniel Ingalls,  John BrownEnoch Curtis  A.J. TarboxSamuel Larrabee  Enos A. BreedTimothy Alley, 3d  Robert GilkerfieldWm. Scarborough  John F. HallLeonard Emerson  A.F. BreedAmos Holt  Gen. W. WheelerNelson R. Atwill  Amos BurrillJohn Douk  Timothy JewettJoseph B. Wipper  John MarstonWarren Burrill  Moses NishettMark Alley  Wm. B. RichmondEdwin Atwill  --- GriffinSamuel Choate  Hugh StaplesL.B. Bher  John C. StimpsonNath'l Boynton  Benjamin IngallsDavid L. Neall  James R. AdamsJonathan Simonds  Wm. C. PhillipsThomas Chapman, Jr.  Harley NewantWilliam Stone  Thomas VickwaySidney B. Pratt  John PearsonChristopher Harris  Wm. LowDavid Harwood  Richard AlleyDavid Kent  Harvey MonroE. Atwell  John F. HiltonIsaiah Hitchings  Frederick PearsonIsaiah Hacker  Gilman HaynesSamuel Viall  James C. JewettLevi C. Wentworth  Geo. J. Burrill.B.J. Phillips  Wm. Phillips, 3dThomas C. Harney  F.H. GarrickJohn Walker  Wm. L. StilesGeo. Stowers  Anitt ConnerDaniel Gilman  James B. Ball, Jr.Thomas Nuphey  Geo. S. IngallsJoseph Payne  Moses WitheeMoses Kimball  Archer MeroleterS.D. Demeritt  James M. CurtisJohn H. Ealder  John HebstenstallMatthew Phemstead  Sam'l B. WormsteadEdwin Brackett  George Jackson.Amos Reed, Jr.  Benjamin ChurchJoseph N. Bornell  Wm. HadleyJohn G. Sleeper  Daniel C. WattsDaniel Walden  Wm. SimondsW.N. Hunnewell  Wm. GouldBenjamin H. Johnson  --- MoultonGeorge Munroe, Jr.  John HillJacob B. Alley  Herman WinslowHenry Wordwell  Henry LarrabeePeter Coar  Geo. H. JillsonOliver Chick  W.H. ChaseJudah Delano  Thomas PhillipsJohn Galerian  Ebenezer L. HoltWm. Phillips  Aaron LamphierEzra Brown  Enos PhillipsA.C. Field  Nathan M. PhillipsW.H. Wiggin  [ ], Jan. 15, 1839. Jan   

 TO ANTI-SLAVERY EDITORS. We send TWO copies of the Liberator to each of our anti-slavery contemporaries, and would like to receive the same number regularly from them. Some of them send us but one. Will they look to it?   one.  

        The following is the bill, as it passed the House of Representatives on the subject of reclaiming fugitives from service.A Bill relating to Fugitives from labor or service from at her States.Whereas, the second section of the fourth article of the Constitution of the U.S. declares that 'no person held to service or labor in one State under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall in consequence of any law or regulation therein be discharged from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be due: 'And whereas, the laws now in force within the State of Ohio, are wholly inadequate to the protection pledged by this provision of the Constitution to the southern States of this Union: And Whereas, it is the duty of those who [ ] the largest measure of benefits conferred by the Constitution to recognize to their full extent the obligations which that instrument imposes: And whereas, it is the deliberate conviction of this General Assembly that the Constitution can only be sustained as it was framed, by a spirit of just compromise; therefore,Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, That when any person held to labor or service in any of the United States under the laws thereof, shall escape into this State, the person to whom such labor or service is due, his or her agent or attorney is hereby authorized to apply to any judge of any court of record in this State, or to any justice of the peace, or to the mayor of any city or town corporate, who on such application supported by an oath or affirmation of such claimant, agent, or attorney, that said fugitive has escaped from his or her service, or from the service of the person for whom he is agent or attorney, shall issue his warrant under his hand and seal, and directed to the sheriff or constable of any county in this State, authorizing and directing said sheriff or constable to seize and arrest the said fugitive who shall be named in the said warrant; and in case the said fugitive shall be arrested in the county in which said warrant may be issued, to bring him or her before said officer issuing said warrant, or in case the said fugitive shall be arrested in any other county than the county in which the warrant may be issued, then to take him or her before some judge of a court of record, or justice of the peace, or mayor of a city, or town corporate, residing in the county in which such arrest is made. Provided however, That no such warrant shall be returned before any officer residing out the county in which the same may have been issued, unless the official character of the judge or justice issuing the same shall be duly authenticated by the seal and certificate of the clerk of the supreme court, or court of common pleas; and if issued by a mayor of any city or town corporate, the official character of said mayor shall be duly authenticated under the seal of said city or town corporate; which said warrant shall be in the form and to the effect following, that is to say:The State of Ohio, county, ss.To any sheriff or constable of the State of Ohio— greeting:This is to authorize and require you to seize and arrest the body of sworn or affirmed to be the slave or servant (as the case may be) of the State of and in case such arrest be made in this county, to bring such person so arrested forthwith before me; or in case such arrest be made in any other county in this State, then to take said person so arrested before some judge of a court of record, justice of the peace, or some mayor of a city or town corporate of the county in which such arrest may be made, to be … as the law directs.By virtue of which warrant the said fugitive named therein shall be arrested by the officer to whom it is directed, in any county of this State.SEC. 2. The said fugitive when so arrested, shall be brought before the officer as directed in the first section of this act, and upon proof to the satisfaction of such officer, that the person so seized and arrested doth, under the law of the State from which he or she fled, owe service or labor to the person claiming him or her, it shall be the duty of such judge or other officer aforesaid, to give a certificate thereof, to such claimant, his or her agent or attorney, which shall be sufficient authority for removing the said fugitive to the State from which he or she fled: but no such certificate shall be valid as a sufficient authority for the removal of such fugitive, unless the official character of the officer giving the same, be duly authenticated according to the provisions of this act, in relation to the issuing of warrants.SEC. 3. If any person or persons shall, knowingly, obstruct or hinder such sheriff, constable, claimant, agent or attorney in the seizing, arresting or removing such fugitive from labor or service, under the provisions of this act, or shall rescue or aid and abet the rescue of such fugitive from such sheriff, constable or claimant, agent or attorney, or shall assemble together with the intention to interrupt such sheriff, constable, claimant, agent or attorney in the due execution of this act, every person so offending, shall on conviction thereof by indictment be fined in any sum not exceeding five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the jail of the county not exceeding sixty days at the discretion of the court, and moreover be liable in an action at the suit of the owner of said fugitive for damages.SEC. 4. If the claimant of said fugitive, his or her agent or attorney, shall not be prepared for trial on the return of said warrant before the said judge or other officer as aforesaid, and shall make oath or affirmation that he does verily believe that the person so arrested is a fugitive from labor or service in another State, and that if allowed time he can produce proof that he or she does owe such labor or service, it shall be the duty of said judge or other officer aforesaid, to postpone the trial to such time as he may deem expedient, not exceeding sixty days, provided the party making the affidavit shall pay down the costs of the trial; and in case of such postponement, the party arrested shall be committed to the jail of the county where the trial is pending until the day fixed for trial by the said judge or other officer aforesaid, unless he or she will give bond with one or more sufficient securities in the penal sum of one thousand dollars to the person claiming such fugitive, with a condition that he or she will personally appear at the time of trial, and then and there abide the decision of such judge or other officer aforesaid; and the said judge or other officer aforesaid, shall in like manner give time for the production of evidence on behalf of the party arrested if he shall be satisfied from the affidavit of the said last mentioned party, that he or she, does not owe labor or service to the claimant, and that he or she can, if time be allowed him or her, produce evidence to that effect; Provided, That he or she shall give bond and security in the penalty aforesaid, with a condition for his or her personal appearance at the time of trial, in the same manner as if the other party had procured the cause to be postponed, otherwise, the party arrested shall be committed to jail, and there detained until the time fixed for trial as aforesaid, and in either case the party arrested shall pay down the costs of trial; and in case there shall be a breach of the condition of either of said bonds, the claimant shall have a right of action thereon, and recover as in other cases.SEC. 5. It shall be the duty of the said judge or other officer, at the time to which the case is postponed as aforesaid, to proceed to hear the parties, and if it shall be proven to his satisfaction that the party arrested does owe labor or service to the claimant, he shall give such claimant, his or her agent or attorney, a certificate of that fact, which shall be a sufficient authority for his or her agent or attorney to remove such fugitive from the state: but no such certificate shall be valid as a sufficient authority for the removal of such fugitive, unless the official character of the officer giving the same be duly authenticated according to the provisions of this act in relation to the issuing of warrants; and if the party thus arrested shall not appear according to the conditions of his or her bond, it shall be the duty of said judge or other officer as aforesaid, to deliver the same to the claimant, his or her agent or attorney, to enable him or her to bring suit thereon.SEC. 6. If any person or persons in this state shall knowingly counsel, advise, or entice any other person who by the law of another state shall owe labor or service to any person or persons, to leave, abandon, or abscond from, any person or persons to whom such labor or service according to the law of another state is or may be due, or knowing such other person or persons to owe labor or service as aforesaid, shall furnish money or other things, or conveyance of any kind, or any other facility with intent and for the purpose of enabling such other person owing labor or service as aforesaid, to escape from or elude the claimant of any such other person, to whom according to the laws of such other state, such labor or service is or may be due, such person or persons who shall so counsel, advise, or entice, or furnish money or any other thing, or conveyance of any kind, or any other facility as aforesaid, shall, on conviction thereof by indictment, be fined in any sum not exceeding five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the jail of the county not more than sixty days, at the discretion of the court; and shall moreover be liable in an action at the suit of the party aggrieved, for damages.SEC. 7. If any person or persons shall, without proper authority, knowingly give to any other person who by the laws of another state shall owe labor or service to any person on persons, any certificate or other testimonial of emancipation, or shall knowingly harbor or employ any such person owing labor or service as aforesaid, who may have come into this state without the consent of the person or persons to whom such service is or may be due as aforesaid, or shall in any manner prevent, let or hinder, any person or persons in the lawful recovery or reclamation of any fugitive from labor or service, every person or persons so offending shall, upon conviction thereof by indictment, be fined in any sum not exceeding five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the jail of the county not more than sixty days, at the discretion of the court, and shall moreover be liable in an action at the suit of the party aggrieved, for damages.SEC. 8. Any Sheriff, or constable, who shall execute any process directed and delivered to him under the provisions of this act, or any clerk of a court, or mayor, who shall authenticate any certificate or warrant under the provisions of this act, shall receive the same fees as are now allowed by law for similar services in other cases.SEC 9. It shall be the duty of all officers proceeding under this act to recognize without proof the existence of slavery in the several states of this Union in which the same may exist by law.SEC. 10. If any person in any deposition or affidavit, or other oath or affirmation, taken pursuant to the provisions of this act, shall wilfully and corruptly depose, affirm, or declare, any matter to be in fact knowing the same to be false, or shall in like manner deny any matter to be fact, knowing the same to be true, any person so offending shall be deemed guilty of perjury and upon conviction thereof, shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary, and kept at hard labor not more than seven, nor less than three years.SEC. 11. If any person or persons shall in any manner attempt to carry out of this state, or knowingly be aiding in carrying out of this state, any black or mullatto person, without first obtaining sufficient legal authority for so doing, according to the laws of this state, or of the U. States; any person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be confined in the penitentiary at hard labor, not less than three, nor more than seven years.SEC. 12. It shall be the duty of the several Courts of Common Pleas in this state, at each regular term thereof respectively, to give this act in charge to the Grand Jury.SEC. 13. That so much of the second section of the 'Act to prevent kidnapping,' passed Feb. 15th, 1821, as is inconsistent with the provisions of this act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.SEC. 14. This act to take effect from and after the first day of May next.The yeas and nays, upon this bill, in the House were as follows:YEAS— Messrs. Andrews of Franklin, Andrews of Lorain, Axtell, Blair, Branch, Brough, Brown, Buchanan, Burns, Camp, Chambers, Comings, Corwin, Creighton, Donally, Elliott, Everhard, Flood, Forbes, Fowler, Gamble, Garret, Goddard, Hanna, Hegler, [ ] son of Stark, Kilbourne, Kyle, Leedom, [ ] McNary, Millikin, Patterson of Highland, Rea, Ripley, Roller, Skinner, Smith of Columbiana, Smith of Montgomery, Trevitt, Van Hook, Waddle, Welch of Sandusky, Welch of Stark, West, Witten and Speaker — 54NAYS— Messrs. Briggs, Bronson, Casad, Chester, Codding, Curtis, Fitch, Ford, Hamilton, Howe, Johnson of Cuyahoga, Lloyd and Taylor— 13; all whigs.   A Bill relating to Fugitives from labor or service from at her States.   And whereas, And Whereas, And whereas,   Provided however,               Provided,                            

 GOOD. The following is among the resolutions adopted at the third annual meeting of the Washington County, (Vt.) Anti-Slavery Society on the 6th inst.Resolved, That slavery is the only 'no-government theory' now extant in the United States.     no-government theory  

 MR. CLAY'S SPEECH.— The Speech of Mr. Clay on the subject of abolition, has given great satisfaction to his friends in this quarter, as well as to many who do not claim to be his particular friends. Great efforts have been made at the South to produce an impression that Mr. Clay is an abolitionist, (in the modern sense of the term,) and not without some success. His speech will show to the nation where he stands in relation to this great subject, and will much increase his chances in the approaching Presidential contest. The abolitionists have always been his bitter opponents, and will be so still. They are however but a small affair politically, as is evidenced by the recent elections, and in none of them more clearly than in that held a few days since in the 4th Congressional district of Massachusetts, (one of the strongest abolition districts in the country,) where, after the most thorough drilling, added to all the influence of Extra Liberators, they were only able to poll about 700 votes, out of a total of 8800.    

 TO CORRESPONDENTS. A letter from J.G. Whittier, and another from A.A. Phelps, in our next number. We have on hand less than a bushel of communications, waiting for an insertion. Patience, good friends!Our correspondent TRUTH-TELLER places the conduct of our friend Wise in rather an inconsistent attitude.The proceedings of our colored fellow citizens in behalf of the Samaritan Asylum, next week.DAVID STOWELL. This gentleman admits all that we aimed to prove respecting the hostility of his feelings towards the Liberator. Perhaps some friend in Townsend can tell us something more on this subject.BRYAN MORSE. An excellent spirit pervades the communication of our esteemed friend; but he is certainly mistaken as to the friendliness of certain individuals to the Liberator. 'Times change, and men change with them.' His reasoning respecting the recent aid extended to this paper is defective.CONGRESSIONAL RUFFIANISMS. The Duncan affair in the House of Representatives, (see proceedings in another column,) has ended in laying all action on the subject upon the table. Fearful and bloody scenes yet remain to be witnessed in Washington.Mr. St. Clair has sent in his resignation as an agent of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. His labors have been abundant during the past year.                

        NORTHAMPTON, Feb. 15, 1839.     DEAR BROTHER GARRISON,— Elliot Cresson has recently been in this region, boasting that he is no paid agent, and striving to win golden opinions by his eloquence and philanthropy. The southern residents in this town almost suffocated him with hospitality. Slavery and Colonization always draw towards each other like magnet and steel.Mr. Cresson's first lecture was in the afternoon. It was very polite and plausible, and nothing was said that could not be generally assented to by all descriptions of persons. It was in fact merely a theatrical harangue upon the horrors of the slave trade; four-fifths of which he said was carried on by the citizens of the United States. When these ships came near the coast, a signal-gun was fired, and a physician came on board. He examined the cargo, and pointed out such as would not endure acclimating; straight-way they were thrown over to the sharks, that were coursing round in expectation of their customary meal. For all this, and much more, Colonization was the only effective remedy. Yet he stated that 200,000 were now annually carried off from Africa; and if this be true, there has been an increase of 100,000 a year, since they have begun to apply their specific.When it was proposed to appoint a second meeting in the afternoon, he, with great urbanity of speech, said experience had convinced him that meetings were much more fully attended in the evening. His wish was complied with, and he had quite a large audience. In this second meeting, he launched into considerable invective, and indulged in some jocosity. It seems to have been his practice, in the towns around, to call a meeting in the afternoon, and address a few with pathetic generalities and uncontroverted principles; this answers for an advertisement to a second meeting in the evening, where a larger audience may listen to denunciations against English and American abolitionists. He rails against 'Dan O'Connell,' calls England 'Mother Britain,' says George Thompson was 'a slandering emissary, sent here on purpose to split the American Church, and divide the American Union;' and declares that 'England did not emancipate her slaves from motives of benevolence. She did it merely from hatred and jealousy of this country. She wanted to promote civil war here, and thus overthrow our blessed institutions.' This attempt to destroy the moral influence of England, seemed to me almost as wicked as the malicious act of the priest who administered poison in the sacrament.He called the abolitionists 'traitors;' and said Virginia would have emancipated long ago, if she had not been vexed by their interference. In illustration of which, he told of an old black woman, who, over-hearing the doctor say she was dying, called out, 'Doctor Rush! Doctor Rush! I say I won't die now, out o' spite'! To heighten the effect, the orator imitated [ ]r voice and manner. I thought to myself, if the contest was between Dr. Rush and the poor dying old woman, it was pretty clear which would carry the point. He said the abolitionists wanted to argue the matter with him; but he answered them as Nehemiah did Suballat: 'I am doing a great work. Why should the work cease, whilst I leave it and come down to you?' He hoped his hearers would do something more than talk and consider; and then, with amiable facetiousness, he repeated, 'There was a piper had a cow,' &c. But I will not write any more of this, which can neither be new, useful, or entertaining. His address, as usual, abounded in contradictions, which some perceived, and many did not. I have been told that the Colonizationists here feared his efforts would rather tend to injure their cause.A week after he left, Dr. Nelson, formerly of Missouri, came here to raise funds for his Missionary College. Before he left, he delivered a lecture on the subject of slavery; for which he was not paid. He commenced his remarks by stating, that the black and white races were mixing very fast in the slave States. He had been accustomed to hear young men boast so generally of profligate connexions with slaves, that when he was first told such attachments would be disgraceful in the free States, he could not believe it. The gradual lightening of complexions among the slaves was strikingly observable, even within his own recollection. He knew people, married and settled in the free States, who had once been slaves; but they were so perfectly white, that none suspected their origin. He said when he was surgeon in the army, during the last war, an officer, who messed with him, one day stepped up to the ranks, and laying his hand on a soldier, said, 'You are my slave!' The man dropped his knapsack and musket in a moment, and cooked for them during the remainder of the campaign. He was lighter than his master, who happened to have a dark complexion. His astonished comrades would exclaim, 'Why, Julius, is it possible you are a slave? You used to be a very respectable and thriving man in Ohio'! To which the 'chattel' replied, 'And I mean to be respectable and thriving again, before I die. Honesty and industry will help a man up in the world.' When his master urged that he ought to serve him several years, in consideration of his kindness, and the money he had paid for him, Julius answered, 'Perhaps I may for a little while, master; but I can't stay long; freedom is too sweet.' Dr. N. mentioned having talked with a slave, who said he had run away in obedience to his master's orders. 'My master was always very kind to me,' said he; 'and when my mistress was first married, she was very kind; but as her children grew up, the neighbors observed they looked just like me. Then she began to dislike me, and had me punished often. But the older the children grew, the more we looked alike. At last, she said I must be sold to New Orleans. Then my master told me to tie up my clothes and run away.'The inferences deduced from these facts were, that slavery tended to promote a rapid amalgamation, while freedom checked it; and that if the admixture of the two races went on in as rapid a ratio as it had done [ ] for us to judge whether our citizens were slaves or not, by their complexions.The speaker next alluded to the strong local attachments of the colored race. He had frequently met emancipated or runaway slaves, who said, 'How I do long to go back where I lived when I was a child! The climate suits me better; and more than that, all my friends and relations are there. Oh, if slavery was only abolished, so that we could all be free there, I'd be back quicker than I came.'This was intended to show that there was no danger of colored people all flocking to the North, in case of emancipation, and leaving the South without laborers.Dr. N. expressed surprise that he had been asked to lecture in New England, because he knew so much about slavery. 'Why, my dear friends,' said he, 'there are things which the smallest boy in this room knows just as well, perhaps better than I can tell him. A dear sister in Christ lately asked me, if I did not think the slaves would cut their masters' throats, if they were freed at once. Said I, 'Dear sister, you shall answer that question yourself, if you please. If you were compelled to work without wages, year after year— told when you might go to bed, and when you must get up— what you might eat, and what you might wear— should you think it just and right? Suppose your master at last became troubled in conscience, and said, 'I restore your freedom. Forgive the wrong I have done you. Go, or stay, as you please. Your earnings are henceforth your own. If you are in trouble, come to me, and I will be your friend.' Do you think you should feel like cutting that man's throat? She eagerly replied, 'Oh, no, indeed I should not.' My dear fellow travellers to eternity, these things must be just as plain to you, as they are to me.''I lived many years without having a suspicion that there was any thing wrong in holding slaves. Even after I had an interest in Christ, there seemed to me nothing amiss in it; just as pious people went on making and selling rum, without troubling their consciences about it. Oh, that I then could have had faithful christian brethren, to rouse me with the voice of exhortation and rebuke! I should not then have approached the table of our Lord with fingers all dripping with the blood of souls! I will tell you what first called my attention to this subject. My wife came to me one day, and said that Sylvia (one of our servants) had told her we had no right to hold our fellow-beings in bondage; she had worked six years for us, and she thought she had fully paid for herself. I gave some rough answer, and turned away. A few days after, my wife again remarked that Sylvia said the holding of slaves could not be justified by the Bible. Don't mind her nonsense,' said I. By and bye, my wife said, 'Sylvia brings arguments from the Scriptures, which I find it hard to answer.' Well, my friends, the end of it was, that Sylvia made an abolitionist of my wife, and my wife made an abolitionist of me.''When my feelings were thus roused on the subject, I was anxious to discover some way by which we could benefit the colored race, and best alone for the wrong we had done them. I thought I discovered this in the Colonization plan; and for seven or eight years I labored in that cause with as much zeal as I ever felt on any subject. If you ask why I did not, during this time, boldly remonstrate with others against the sin of slavery; I must answer, that, in addition to the natural depravity of my own heart, I was prevented by the conviction that I was doing enough of my duty by working for Colonization. After a time, my views began to change. I will tell you briefly how it happened. If you differ from me in the inferences I draw, I have no controversy with you, my brother. Work in your own way. I only tell you what effected a change in my own mind. I had from the very beginning been occasionally pained by remarks I heard. When I recommended the scheme to slaveholders, they entered into it warmly, and said they should be right glad to get rid of the free-colored people; they were convinced such a movement would render their slave property more valuable and secure. These things pained me a little. Still I thought I might do good by laboring for Colonization; and I did labor zealously, until the discussion at the North forced upon me the knowledge that the Society had been working sixteen years to carry off one fortnight's increase of the slaves! Then I was discouraged; and my hands dropped by my side. A visit to the Cherokees gave me some thoughts concerning Colonization as a Missionary enterprise. Many of the Indians had become converts to Christ; they had improved in the arts of civilized life; and there was a light in the eye, always kindled when men begin to think about the soul and its existence in a future life. But the difficulty was, the same county which sent them messengers of the blessed Gospel, likewise sent among them cart-loads of rum. I remembered how missionaries in Pagan lands dreaded the arrival of a ship from their own country; because where there was one sailor that would speak to the natives of God and the Bible, there were six who would lead them into drunkenness and debauchery. Why, my dear hearers, I should be afraid to take any congregation, in the most moral town— even this audience, if you please,— and set you all down in the midst of a heathen land, as missionaries there. I should be afraid you would not all be fit for your work.'The lecturer neglected to point the moral; but he obviously meant to ask, 'What then can be expected of ship-loads of ignorant and degraded slaves, landed on a Pagan shore?''After I emancipate all my other slaves,' continued he, 'I still held one man in bondage several years. He seemed to be incapable of taking care of himself. My friends said it would be wrong to emancipate him; he was so stupid, he would suffer if he had no master to provide for him, and would soon come upon the county. He certainly did seem to be very stupid; so I continued to hold him as a slave. But oh, how I bless God that a voice of warning and rebuke reached me from the Free States! Oh! I expect to sing about it through all eternity! It led me to ask myself, are you not deceived in thinking you keep this man from motives of benevolence? Is it not the fact that you like well enough to have him to black your boots, and catch your horse? I called him to me, and said, 'I give you your freedom. Whatever you earn is your own. If you get sick, or poor, come to me. My house shall always be a home to you.' About a year after, I met him riding on a poney. Well, said I, how do you like freedom? Oh, massa, the sweetest thing in all the world! I've got a hundred silver dollars stowed away in a box! The last time I talked with him, he had laid by six hundred dollars. If you let a man have the management of his own concerns, though he is stupid, he will brighten up a little.'When I was three or four years old, I could say off all the alphabet, and spell some small words; but it was soon discovered that I had learned all this by rote, and did not know one of the letters by sight. I was taken from school, and one of my father's young slaves became my principal teacher. He would lead me out under a shady tree, and try to impress the letters on my mind, by saying, 'That's great O, like the horse-collar; that's H, like the garden-gate; that's little g, like your father's spectacles. He was much brighter than I was; but I was sent to college, and he was sent into the cornfield. He became dull and I dare say if I could now find him, somewhere in Alabama I should find him stupid and ignorant. Yet if he had gone to school and college along-side of me, he would have been as much superior to me, as I am now superior to him.''I have been asked concerning the religious instruction of slaves; and I feel safe in answering, that in general it amounts to little or nothing. Hundreds and thousands never heard of a Saviour; and of those who are familiar with his name, few have any comprehension of its meaning. I remember one gray-headed negro, with whom I tried to talk concerning his immortal soul. I pointed to the hills, and told him God made them. He said he did not believe any body made the hills. When I asked him about Jesus Christ, I found he had heard his name, but thought he was son of the Governor of Kentucky. One of my pious Presbyterian brothers charged me with being too severe upon him. He said he certainly did instruct his people; he did not suffer them to grow up in heathen ignorance. I soon after asked one of his slaves if he could tell how many Gods there were. 'Oh yes, massa; there are two Gods.'Being asked concerning the treatment of slaves, Dr. N. said, 'I have not attempted to harrow your feelings with stories of cruelty. I will, however, mention one or two among the many incidents that came under my observation as family physician. I was one day dressing a blister, and the mistress of the house sent a little black girl into the kitchen to bring me some warm water. She probably mistook her message; for she returned with a bowl full of boiling water; which her mistress no sooner perceived, than she thrust her hand into it, and held it there till it was half cooked.I remember a young lady who played well on the piano, and was very ready to weep over any fictitious tale of suffering. I was present when one of her slaves lay on the floor in high fever, and we feared she might not recover. I saw that young lady stamp upon her with her feet; and the only remark her mother made was, 'I am afraid Evelina is too much prejudiced against poor Mary.'My hearers, you must not form too harsh a judgment concerning individuals, who give way to such bursts of passion. None of you can calculate what would be the effects on your own temper, if you were long accustomed to arbitrary power, and hourly vexed with slovenly, lazy, and disobedient slaves. If sent on an errand, they would be sure to let the cattle into the cornfield; and if they gave the horse his oats, they would be sure to leave the peck measure where it would be kicked to pieces. Such is the irritating nature of slave service.''I am asked whether Anti-Slavery does not tend to put back emancipation. Perhaps there is less said about it in Kentucky, than there was a few years ago; but the quietus seems to be this: in answer to my arguments, slaveholders reply, 'Why, Christian ministers and members of churches, at the North, say they do not think slavery is so entirely wrong. Now, they certainly have a better chance to form an impartial judgment than we have.' This operates like a dose of laudanum to the conscience; but the effects are daily growing weaker. I do not know how it is, but there seems to be a class at the North much more ready to apologize for slavery, than the majority of the slaveholders themselves.Much is said about the excitement produced. For the sake of the little boys here, I will illustrate this by an example. The Greeks were a cultivated and refined people; but it was a part of their worship of Diana to whip boys at her altar, until their sides were worn so thin, they could see their bowels; and their parents were not allowed to weep, while they witnessed this cruel operation. When the apostle Paul came among them, he lifted up his voice against their Pagan rites, and told them their gods were made by the hands of men. Then they all began to scream, 'Great is Diana of the Ephesians!' Some good people, hearing the uproar, might have said, 'See how Paul puts back the cause of Christianity! None of the other apostles will dare to come here to preach. Paul himself had to run! Yet what was the result? The images of Diana were finally overthrown, and Christ was worshipped in her stead. Just so it will be with the slaveholders. They scream, because they feel the sharp points of truth prick their consciences; but they can't stand there and scream forever. The postmasters may try to shut out information; but it is like piling up a bar of sand across a rushing river. Let the broad stream roll on, and it will soon carry the sand before it. I am glad of organized abolition, because I believe that over all the din, some portion of truth even now reaches the slaveholder's conscience. Already, many have learned that every thing is safe and prosperous in the British West Indies, and that property is fast rising in value there; more will learn it soon. I hear of one acquaintance after another, who begins to feel uneasy about holding human beings in bondage. Members of my former church in Kentucky beg me to print more letters about slavery; and when I tell them the postmaster will destroy them, they answer, 'Then seal them up in the form of letters; we are willing to pay the postage.' Already it is observable that professors of religion are afraid to sell their slaves. This shows that the wedge has entered. It will enter deeper yet.''Am I asked what is the remedy for slavery? I can only answer, that I have known very many emancipated slaves; and I have never known or heard of one instance where freedom did not make them more intelligent, industrious, and faithful to their employers. Their grateful affection for old master and mistress almost amounts to worship. They seem ready to kiss the very ground they tread on. The plan I propose is, that each and every slaveholder try this blessed experiment. But some inquire, ought they not to be compensated for their property? Sylvia said she had paid all she cost me, when she had worked for us six years; and she said truly. Now a large proportion of slaves have been held three and four times as long; and of course have paid for themselves three or four times over.''What is the duty of Christians at the North? Dear fellow travellers to eternity, need I remind you that Jesus has said, inasmuch as we neglect the least of his brethren, we neglect him? Jesus is the Brother, as well as the Redeemer, of the human race. If you neglect the poor slave, when he lies in prison, sick, hungry, and naked, how will you answer for it at the judgment seat? Surely it is a solemn duty for Christians at the North to rebuke and persuade Christians at the South, with all affection, but still with all faithfulness and perseverance.''I have stated only what I myself have seen and known, in Kentucky, Missouri, Virginia, and Tennessee. To illustrate each point, I have selected one or two instances where I might relate a thousand. If any man doubts my evidence, I think I could convince him of its truth if he would travel with me in the states where I have resided.'This is a hasty abstract of Dr. Nelson's lecture; but I believe it is correct. The audience apparently listened with a great degree of interest. These anecdotes of things personally known to the lecturer are excellent illustrations of principles, and are highly attractive. I have often wished that James G. Birney [ ]. he       consider;   he 'chattel' will         you     sixteen years one fortnight's increase of the slaves!              much     they   sell           Yours truly. L.M. CHILD.     

        The MASS. HARMONIC SOCIETY will give a concert of sacred music at the Belknap-street Church on Monday evening, March 4, at 7 o'clock. The proceeds will be appropriated to the Samaritan Asylum for indigent colored children. Mr. Garrison is expected to deliver an address on the occasion, Admission 12 1-2 cents. Tickets to be had at the School-Room on the evening of the performance.  

     SALEM, 24th Jan. 1838.    ESTEEMED FRIEND,      At every period of your eventful career, the colored people have desired to sympathize with you; but have been restrained, by fear of retarding emancipation, owing to the prejudice against our color, and the advice of the whites, who, with a few noble exceptions, suggested the propriety of our keeping on the back ground, until the cause should become popular, lest those who were not thoroughly abolitionized should be disgusted with our forwardness, and they prevented from entering the doubtful contest. But the distinguished efforts of our beloved Thompson, Channing, Adams, and Grimkes, united with your own, have removed the objection; and now there is no danger of jeopardizing the interests of the cause, we would express our sympathy, affection and gratitude to you our greatest earthly benefactor.When we read the Clerical Appeal in the Salem Register, our indignation was excited at its inconsistency; for we had never heard harshness from your lips. But, not long before, Rev. Mr. Fitch preached in Howard-street church, and many of us went to hear him; and, notwithstanding our obtuseness, his harshness grated dreadfully on our ears. I inferred from his description of hell, that it was constructed on a plan similar to our Lyceum, and understood him that rich slaveholders, who had rode thither in gilt carriages, were on the lowest seats, whilst the intemperate, impure and profane were gazing complacently at them from their high elevation. The minister, who sat in the pulpit, afterward told one of his church, it was unendurable. When Rev. Mr. Tow[ ]e was vacillating between Salem-street and Howard-street churches, we went down en masse to hear him. In the afternoon, he came into our Sabbath School, and said he was exceedingly gratified to see so many of us there— that he liked to have us know who our friends were, &c. We were surprised at the indelicacy of the hint; for neither the great apostle of Temperance, nor his disinterestedly benevolent church, had ever suggested an intimation for us to leave our beloved pastors and churches, because they were our friends. They were not capable of such narrowness of soul.We differ, most of us, from your views of the Sabbath; our parents and guardians have taught us to keep one day holy to the Lord. But, if you obey the Saviour by keeping every day holy, then are you more consistent than those orthodox ministers, who ride twelve miles on the Sabbath to preach and discuss their pecuniary affairs in the evening.Recently, our hearts have been wounded again by reading a letter in the Liberator from Rev. Orange Scott, impeaching the motives of those distinguished worthies, who were impervious to the influence of clergy and laity, who bid defiance to the gentlemen of property and standing. If it had been one of the proslavery party who had attributed their avowal of high and holy principles to your influence, and the silence of prudent but intrepid abolitionists to cowardice, then would it not have agonised our sensibilities. But, for him, our dear brother— one of the persecuted party— to assume the spirit of his persecutors, and become guilty of the very acts of injustice he had so loudly exclaimed against; that a minister of the glorious dispensation of the gospel, one who professes to be a follower of Him whose whole life was a scene of moderation and charity— who laid down his life for his enemies, and prayed for his murderers— that he should impeach the motives of his fellow christians, is a consideration equally melancholy and amazing.Though your Peace standard is elevated above our limited views, our confidence in you is not diminished; and we congratulate you on that superior vision which now stimulates you to hold up the standard of NON-RESISTANCE against so much opposition. The battle between holiness and sin must become warmer and more decisive before the millennium. The holy laws of the kingdom of God must interfere more visibly and palpably with the customs and maxims of the world of darkness; and this clashing of holy precepts and examples with the spirit of it, these aggressive movements by distinguished abolitionists will develope more fiercely its opposition, and call out its determined and violent resistance; and you, our dear brother, and your coadjutors, will need to have on the whole armor of God. Be assured of our prayers and ardent affection, at this crisis. The latter you would not doubt, could you see us daily directing the attention of our little ones to your portrait, which ornaments many of our dwellings, and hear us teach them in their cradles to lisp the name of W.L. Garrison. Thus are we daily making abolitionists, who will defend our sacred rights, when you shall have ceased from your labors; and when that painful period arrives, we shall perform a pilgrimage to your resting-place, that we may evince our deep-toned affection, and have the luxury of watering your grave with our tears.We owe you more than we can express, for the many privileges with which we are favored. We have societies for moral and intellectual improvement; one, which comprises several white members and officers, has a colored President and Treasurer. Then we have a flourishing day-school, which our former Mayor said would compare with any other free school in the city. Our Sabbath school, which originated with a few devoted women, was established under favorable auspices. At its commencement, several Baptist and Episcopal gentlemen lent us their aid in superintending, singing, teaching, &c. They also gave us books and painted cards for the infant department. Hon. L. Saltonstall presented fifty books from the North Church Sabbath school. We have since received valuable assistance from various religious denominations. We have had a concert of prayer on the second Monday evening of every month, at which a collection is taken up for the slave. But, lamentable as is the fact, its success excited the envy of others; and, last winter, strenuous efforts were made to disband it, which might have been successful, if our father and counsellor, W.B. Dodge, had not come to our relief. He said the time had not arrived for its dissolution; for the churches were not prepared to receive us into the parish schools on an equality with the whites. Like yourself, we acquired additional strength by being assailed, and obtained a new library of one hundred and twenty-one volumes, which cost, with the cambric to cover them, and case to put them in, thirty-five dollars. They were selected with great care; and there are none of those useless, and I may say worse than useless books, found in all the sabbath school libraries which I have seen. The children appear very much pleased, and I hope they will prove of real use in improving their taste for substantial reading.How happy you must be to know, that you, under God, have been instrumental in procuring all these precious privileges for us who have been despised and insulted in our own houses! We have been annoyed by the intrusion of southern slaveholders, who have tried to bribe our husbands to become the enemies of the slaves; and when they could not succeed by offering their hundreds, nor by pretending to be abolitionists, they have tried to intimidate us by bringing a constable to search our dwellings. Well for us and them, that we were fortified against these gross attacks by peace principles introduced by you into the Liberator.But I forbear intruding longer on your valuable time.In behalf of the colored people of Salem, Mass.     every more orthodox pecuniary    he   above     peace principles you        LUCRETIA LAWRENCE.     

        The lecture on Tuesday evening, March 5th at the Smith School Room, will be delivered by Mr. Thomas Cole. Subject— The intellectual capacity of colored men, and the Theory of gradation. To commence at 7 o'clock    JOHN T. HILTON, President. President.    WM. C. NELL, Sec'ry. Sec'ry.   

     LOWELL, Feb. 6, 1839.    DEAR BROTHER GARRISON:      Since reading the account given by you of the doings of the State Convention in the last Liberator, I have thought it my duty to suggest a few thoughts for your consideration; and before I commence, I wish you to understand, that my sympathies (so far as I know) are all in your favor.I am aware that you have stood almost single-handed and alone; vindicating human rights in general, and the rights of the down-trodden slave in particular.The history of your sufferings, and the manliness with which you have borne them, when coming from open or secret enemies, are indications of a strong mind and a well-disciplined temper.Your non-resistance principles, (excepting so far as human governments are concerned,) I hope to be the last to be found opposing. I have no faith in scholarship at war, nor have I much confidence in fighting christians. And I am extremely sorry that the proposal to get up a political paper in this State should have carried you and [ ] your principles, as to induce you to resist every inch of ground taken by those, who, in my opinion, thought it their imperious duty to start a political organ for political effect, which they were conscious the Liberator would not be likely to produce.The unhappy disorders of the meeting I was extremely sorry to witness. That a fearful amount of responsibility rests upon those who were the cause of it, there can be no doubt. But, sir, as you seem to think that all this disturbance was the result of a proposition for a new paper— before you charge all these disorders upon these brethren, it will be well for you to ascertain, with some degree of certainty, what was the occasion of the disturbance— the proposal for a new, and, as they thought, a necessary political organ, or your opposition to the measure. The responsibility, perhaps, should be mutually divided between you, and possibly it should be charged altogether to one party. I suppose you think the charge should be put to the account of brothers St. Clair, Phelps, Stanton and Torrey. I have some acquaintance with all these gentlemen, except brother Torrey; and it would require almost as much testimony as would be placed upon the paper containing the thousands of petitioners to Congress for the removal of slavery from these United States, to make me believe that they were the cause of them, with any motive to put down the Liberator or its worthy editor. They are men of too much good sense not to know, that it would be to their eternal disgrace to undertake to put down the Liberator with its editor. Such base ingratitude to one who had done for the cause what you have done and suffered, would stamp them with everlasting infamy in the estimation of all true-hearted abolitionists. You must be mistaken, sir, as to their motives. Charge what you please to their indiscretions; but I beg of you not to impugn their motives.When the subject of a new paper was first suggested to me, my mind immediately turned to the Liberator:— how will it affect the Liberator? In considering the subject, I came to the conclusion, that, in the room of its injuring it, it would have a tendency to enlist a greater amount of sympathy in its favor, and increase its subscription list, as subsequent facts have already proved. Were not the $500 presented by the good ladies of Lynn one of the fruits of the doings of these brethren? as also the $160 contributed with the 42 new subscribers?A good cause, sir, well managed, will always be successful, however many enemies may oppose it; and I think you have little to fear from your supposed enemies, unless you should be decoyed so far from your principles, as to be found fighting, (at least with hard and bitter censures,) and thus prove that your principles and measures are at variance one with the other.I know not to whom you allude, when you say 'that the Liberator was a highly injurious publication, having abandoned their standard'— or that its editor had proved recreant to the slave, unless it was the brethren above named; and these, as I understood them, only so far as the editor's conscientious scruples were concerned on political action; and no blame was intended to be attached to the editor or the paper on this account— but that, under these circumstances, it could not supply the place of a political anti-slavery organ. These brethren professed their strong attachment to you and your paper; and I am sorry to find you questioning the sincerity of their motives. Such charges, sir, against such men, going abroad to the world from you, (under the circumstances of the case,) must be extremely injurious to the cause of the oppressed. Would it not have been better, sir, to have treated them as brethren, and kindly admonished them of their wrong, than to treat them with such virulence and suspicion? Had you taken this course, your conduct would have been in keeping with your non-resistance principles:As to the subjects of debate, I know not that my name would not have been found among the 198 yeas; for, I confess, I could not see the necessity of re-commitment, from what I heard before I went out of the meeting. But, in the case I am now commenting upon, I must stand with the 24. It happens to be my misfortune to be frequently found on the weak side as to numbers.You can judge of my motives, sir, in sending you this article, as you please. Conscious rectitude of principle and practice, so far as you and your paper are concerned, or identified with the interest of the down-trodden slave, is my shield against any imputation of insincerity which may be awarded me for the above remarks.BRYAN MORSE                       

        A young lady, of good character, and requisite qualifications, is desirous of obtaining a situation as a teacher in some institution. Satisfactory recommendations will be given. Address the Editor of the Liberator, for further information    Feb. 1.     

     TOWNSEND, Feb. 18, 1839.    FRIEND GARRISON,      Pardon me for requesting a short space in your paper, to set at right one or two incorrect expressions in the Liberator of the 15th inst. The 'friend,' I presume, did not intend to misrepresent my remarks. Pains seem to be taken to announce that I am an orthodox congregational minister. Very true I am, honestly and conscientiously, too. If it be a reproach, I cheerfully bear it. To my God I am accountable for it. I am reported to have said, 'that a copy of the Liberator was sent me gratuitously.' True I did. But that I said, I was careful not to let any of my family read it, is incorrect. They read it when they choose. I did, however, say, that I made no effort to circulate it, and that when any one wished to borrow it, I was careful to request them to return it to me when they should have read what they wished. And why? Because I would not appear to sanction its circulation. But why not? Not because I object to its anti-slavery principles, but because it advances and advocates sentiments in relation to other important subjects, which I conscientiously and solemnly believe incorrect, and contrary to the word of God. Now, friend Garrison, you say you would sooner part with limb or life than abandon your anti-slavery principles. So would I. But when we converse respecting the sabbath— the ministry— human government— non-resistance— perfectionism, &c. we are at variance. You honestly think you are in the right; so I think I am right. My views and principles, in relation to those subjects, I hold dear as life. Now, how can I consistently and honestly patronise or sanction the circulation of a paper, advocating sentiments which I believe to the unscriptural and injurious to the best interests of man, for time and eternity? I cannot do it. I shall not do it.Again you say, 'Of course, I am zealous in favor of a new paper.' The inference is neither necessary nor correct. Multitudes entertain similar views respecting the Liberator, that I do; but they are no zealots for or against a new paper. Some of them will probably subscribe for it. So shall I, if it be purely anti-slavery. But you say, I made a 'labored speech' to persuade ALL who take the Liberator in Townsend to discontinue their subscription. This is wholly incorrect I never made a speech either private or public, either to dissuade any from subscribing, or persuade to discontinue their subscriptions. Indeed, I did not know that there was more than one subscriber to the Liberator in town, till within a few days. With him I have made no effort to have him drop the paper. If there are indeed other subscribers, they have never heard me say any thing on the subject, one way or the other. Thus stands the case.Yours for the slave, incorrect.       DAVID STOWELL     

        Several volumes of the Liberator— the first volume of Sancho's Letters, London edition— a volume of English Tracts, with engravings, title not recollected— volume 1, of the Genius of Universal Emancipation— Portraiture of Domestic Slavery, together with other Books and Pamphlets, have been leased by the subscriber. They are now much needed. Please return them    ISAAC KNAPP.    Feb. 22.        

        DEAR BROTHER GARRISON,     Permit me to explain, through your columns, what may appear to be contradictory in my course relative to the 'new paper.' During the few months, in which I have had the honor to act as agent for the Mass. A.S. Society, I have felt an increasing conviction, that there existed an imperious necessity for a 'new paper.' The fact that the mass of abolitionists were without an anti-slavery paper, seemed to my mind sufficient to settle that point. For many and various reasons, these abolitionists never would and never will take the Liberator. A paper from another State, evidently, does not meet their wants and wishes; consequently, they must go unsupplied, or a new paper must be established.With this view, formed without any communication with the plot-masters general, who have been so mercifully flagellated with your … and advocate of another paper, believing that it might be effective, where the Liberator could never get admission, until your 'Watchman, what of the night?' startled me by the springing of his rattle, and his alarming cries of 'Plots! Treachery! Clerical schemes! Sectarian plans!' &c. At first, I supposed this alarm to be a mere 'Quirk,' that Queen Mab had breathed into his ear in some soft hour of slumber; but, on inquiring of a member of the Board, I was solemnly assured that the evidence of the plot was clear and decisive, and would soon be made public. Upon this I determined to oppose the new paper, thinking it better that the mass of abolitionists should go without a paper, than that a new one should go into being as the mere tool of some sectarians— the fatal instrument of destruction to our noble organizations. Hence, at Dedham— the County meeting,— I spoke strongly and decidedly against the plan, friends and foes being witness.But, sir, 'matters and things' assumed a new aspect at the convention. From conversations with persons of many sects, and from the lucid explanations(!) of Bros. St. Clair and Torrey, I became satisfied that the rumor of a plot was, like Colonization, a complete humbug— the mere romance of abolition— a suspicious idea, conjured up by the wizard influence of certain incidents, that seemed to look plot-wise. Hence, sir, my fears of a plot being scattered to the four winds, I immediately took hold heart, hand and pledge in the 'Massachusetts Abolitionist.'But, sir, I feel grieved, wounded, hurt at the spirit with which you have opposed the friends of the 'Abolitionist.' Wholesale charges have been poured upon us from your (non-resisting) battery. Indirectly, we are charged with hypocrisy! And why? Because we declare what is the solemn truth! viz: that we are not desirous to throw Wm. Lloyd Garrison, like another Jonah, out of the ship. Sir, I repudiate the charge as unjust, untrue, and unkind. Is friendship to the Liberator and its editor antipodes to friendship with the Abolitionist? Then has Br. Garrison thousands of as warm hearts as ever glowed for the slave against him. But I do not believe it. We love you, sir, as one of the pioneers of our army. We value the Liberator as the old bell that tolled its loud and solemn peal when all was gloom and midnight— as the successful alarmist of a people who were almost dead to the claims of the slave. And still we say to those who like it, 'take it.' But, sir, though we love you, we do not love to be unjustly charged, nor to be proclaimed as traitors and clerical plotters, for following out the honest convictions of our hearts. Pursue your course of denunciation, and you compel every friend and supporter of the Abolitionist to become your opposer, or to be stigmatised as a traitor— and who will bear this— ay, who? If you suppose that we shall be scared out of its list of friends, you certainly have mistaken the character of some of us. Our motto is, duty, regardless of consequences; and though it cost us the loss of our greatest champion's friendship, we say DUTY. And duty to the slave demands at our hand the support of the Massachusetts Abolitionist.Hoping that you will soon cease your hostility to the new paper, and regard it as a co-worker in our noble and hallowed enterprise, I remain,Yours for the slave,Quincy, Mass.   mercifully      duty,         DANIEL WISE     

 DR. MECHLIN. Joseph Mechlin, M.D. formerly Governor of Liberia, died in New-York city on the 6th inst.Death of Rev. Dr. Fisk— A letter from Middletown states that the Rev. Dr. Fisk expired at 15 minutes before 10 A.M., Friday.— New Haven Herald.DIED— In Andover, Feb 22, George, Thompson, aged 2 years, son of John Smith.      Death of Rev. Dr. Fisk—  New Haven Herald.    

     DORCHESTER, February 11th, 1839.    FRIEND AND BROTHER GARRISON:      Is the Rev. Daniel Wise, of Quincy, a regularly constituted agent of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society? Does he receive a salary from the Society for his services? Does the Massachusetts Anti Slavery Society pay him from its treasury for using every effort in his power, ay, every scheme, whether honest, or mean and contemptible, to destroy the long-tried and faithfully conducted Liberator, and the influence of the poor, despised, down-trodden slave's earliest and most efficient advocate and unflinching friend? It so, I invoke the Society, through the Liberator, to let be known far and wide. If, sir, the Liberator is to be destroyed or supplanted, then farewell, a long farewell, to the glorious prospects of entire and universal freedom in our beloved country. The gentleman alluded to, is sowing discord and contention, producing divisions and strife, in the great and holy cause he professes to love and advocate. The friends [ ] the cause of abolition invited him to deliver an address on slavery at the Methodist meeting-house in this [ ], some two weeks since. After his address, he took his coat, or put on a new one, and zealously called for subscribers and friends to a new political abolition newspaper; and again last evening in the Baptist meeting-house, pursuant to an invitation given him, after I, as secretary of the society, in this town had given general publicity of the meeting, in order to call out a full audience, he delivered an address, and then in the disorganizing manner which has characterized the proceedings of the friends of the new project, [ ] out and presents the paramount claims and the great importance of the new paper, which is to be (professedly so, at least,) devoted to the cause.Look at the consistency of this gentleman's movements. At the first annual meeting of the Norfolk Anti-Slavery Society, the preamble and resolutions which follow were introduced, and warmly and vehemently advocated by this same advocate for a new paper:'Whereas the Liberator, in the hands of William Lloyd Garrison, has been for eight years the most indefatigable pioneer, and the sharpest sword in the anti-slavery war; and whereas, neither the Liberator, nor its manly and talented editor, has departed from the heaven-descended principles of our common cause; therefore,Resolved, That we sternly repudiate any measures which may be taken to supplant either that paper or its editor, and we hereby pledge ourselves to our utmost to sustain them both.'Any remarks or comments on the above would be superfluous.The same gentleman who presented the above, and advocated its adoption by the Society, (and it would have been adopted by a large majority, if the question had been taken, no doubt,) is now acting in diametrical opposition to his own concocted and adopted sentiments.I intended to have communicated some facts connected with the annual meeting of the Norfolk County Anti-Slavery Society; but its being now somewhat late in the day, I will not trouble you with them. I will only say in regard to them, that the Rev. Mr. Torrey was on hand, and monopolized about one half of the whole time of the meeting, and prevented the Society from doing the business which was important and highly necessary for the advancement of the cause in Norfolk County. I will add, that now, while the tempest is beating with violence and fury— while a dark and gloomy cloud, charged with thunder and lightning, comes blackening around, and threatening the destruction of the good and safe ship ABOLITION, in the name of humanity, in the name of Heaven, I beseech all good men and true on board to act well their part, do their duty, and unfurl nothing but the MAIN SHEET to the tempest, and she will gallantly outride the storm, and land us all safely in the long-wished for and joyfully anticipated haven of universal and perpetual Liberty     has departed from the heaven-descended principles of our common cause;         Heaven,    ORIN P BACON     

          'Slavery will be abolished in the French colonies. The measure will be begun perhaps even before the year 1840. The ministry will be forced to undertake the measure, bon gre, mal gre. As soon, at least, as this end is achieved in Martinique and Guadaloupe, it will be pursued in the Spanish islands.'— Mr. Walsh, Jr. Sec. Am. Legation. bon gre, mal gre.  Mr. Walsh, Jr. Sec. Am. Legation.       Ed. Emancipator. Ed. Emancipator.    Our country latest at the goal Where liberty is won!Let not the tale be told in Gath, Nor heard in Askelon.She who was foremost in the ranks Her wrested rights to gain,Until her spangled banner waved In freedom on the main.The pride of nations she became; And countries from afar,Hail'd with delight the kindling flame Of that peculiar star.*But now, from 'rice-swamps, dank and lone,' Such exhalations rise,The beacon that so brightly shone Is dim to foreign eyes:And high-souled men, across the wave, Where southern fame has gone,Now deem a cordial welcome due To Northerners alone.**At such a canker in her heart, Such plague-spots on her brow,E'en Russia's haughty Autocrat Smiles in derision now.If on our northern altar-fires No flame is burning yet,That star on which the nations gazed In slavery's night must set.Arise, my country, for the right, In panoply divine;Rekindle Freedom's dying light, On other lands to shine!      ADA.   * It has been my lot, during the past fifteen months, to learn much of the change which has taken place in the estimation in which we are held, as a nation, by enlightened and good men in Europe. Having formerly passed two years there, I was prepared to appreciate the change. At that time, the face of a liberal European would brighten at the name of 'American,' and he would seize the first moment of conversation to express his admiration and hopes of our country. During my recent sojourn, I have heard very little interest expressed in us, except to have explanations and arguments suggested, by which it could be shown to Europe that our conduct is not the consequence of our principles.The leading causes of the change to which I refer, are,1st. Our mobs.2dly. The wider knowledge, which, chiefly through their instrumentality, has been diffused in Europe, of the existence and horrors of American slavery.3dly. Our treatment of the Aborigines. In Great Britain, France and Germany, we are regarded as the most cruel and rapacious people, since the days of Cortez and Pizarro.— D.L. Child.** George Thompson was one day in the House of Commons, accompanied by a friend of his from America. I believe it was G.B. Cheever, but am not confident. O'Connell was at the same time in the lobby, leaning against a pillar. Thompson, with his friend, approached him and said, 'Permit me, sir, to introduce you to my friend, ----- ----- from America.' The great agitator raised his head, threw it back against the pillar, and placing his hands behind him, said not a word. Thompson, suspecting the cause of this unusual conduct, added, 'I ought to have informed you, sir, that my friend is from the northern states, and is a good abolitionist.' The mien of the orator changed in a moment. He relaxed from his position, and, extending his hand, gave the American a hearty welcome.— Letter from Europe.     D.L. Child.   Letter from Europe.  

        MARSHFIELD, Feb. 22, 1839.     BRO. GARRISON,— The war against the non-resistants has already begun; and that from a quarter whence we should least have expected it— from some of those who call themselves abolitionists! And it seems intended to be, so far as they can effect it, a war of extermination.The Rev. Daniel Wise came down here last week, ostensibly for the purpose of delivering a course of lectures on slavery; but, in part at least, to get subscribers for the 'new paper,' and to fight against the principle of non-resistance. He was exceedingly modest in his mode of procedure; for when he asked people to subscribe for a paper, he generally commenced by inquiring if they did not wish to take the Liberator, the Emancipator, or the 'new paper.' He was asked which he would prefer any one should take, the Liberator or the new paper. After some hesitation, he re[ ] more closely, he said he could say with a man at a certain tavern, who discovered hairs in the butter, 'that he preferred having the hairs served up in one plate, and the butter in another.' Yet this is the man, who, the very day before the annual meeting at Boston, declared 'that the Liberator, in the hands of William Lloyd Garrison, was the sharpest sword in the anti-slavery war— that neither the Liberator, nor its manly and talented editor, had departed from the heaven-descended principles of our cause— and who sternly repudiated any attempt which might be made to supplant either that paper or its editor.' It seems, however, that a change has since been wrought in his views. Then he could swallow butter, hairs and all, (to use his own elegant comparison,) but now he does not wish to do either. Let it be understood, that nobody disputes the right of Mr. Wise, and those who labor with him, to establish as many papers as they please; but it is asked, for the sake of consistency at least, that they will not pretend to friendship for the Liberator, while they are branding its editor, and all who think with him, as recreants to the cause of freedom. If they really wish to destroy the Liberator, let them honestly confess it; and they will find enough who would call themselves real dyed-in-the-wool abolitionists to aid them, though they might lose the assistance of some of those who are now striving to build up the new paper, in the fond hope that they shall thereby advance the cause of the slave.Friend Stanton remarked, with some degree of truth, at the annual meeting, that the ground of his objection to the Liberator was not that it admitted questions not connected with slavery into its columns, but it was the question. And he might have said, with equal truth, probably, that it was not merely the question to which he objected, but the side of the question. For while it is considered treason to the anti-slavery cause to say any thing in favor of non-resistance, it is perfectly in order to speak against it. Though Mr. Wise opposed the Liberator for advocating this principle, yet he had something to say in opposition to it in every lecture he delivered. Not that he reasoned against it, for reason was something that he seemed to scorn the use of in discussing this question. All that he did say consisted of positive assertions, and an attempt at ridicule. Thus, he compared those who believe in this principle to men at a fire, refusing to work an engine on the ground that they were opposed to engines, and could not help put out the fire in that way; but they would stand with their hands in their pockets, saying to the fire, 'Fire, go out.' Again, speaking of voting, he wanted to know how long it has been since people found out that it was wrong to vote? Answering the question himself, he said, 'Ever since the last Peace Convention.' These are the arguments used to put down non-resistance. Here are two of his assertions. 'It is a moral duty to go to the polls; and every true abolitionist will go to the polls.'  Pray, Mr. Wise, how do you make it out that it is a moral duty to go to the polls? 'O, because it is political action— we have agreed to use political action.' We have agreed to use moral action, too. This, of course, would comprehend action in churches. Ergo, it is my duty to join a church, and that particular church, too, in which I can the most effectually aid in the destruction of slavery. But we have agreed to use political action. Well, voting is not all the political action a man may do. War comes under the head of political action. Let us suppose that Congress should pass a bill to-morrow, abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia and the Territories. Probably the slaveholders would resist the law. An armed force is necessary to put the law in force. A call is made for troops. Does friend Wise, who is a professed minister of the gospel of peace, feel prepared to shoulder his musket, and march down South to liberate the slaves, vi et armis? This is political action. Does he feel it a moral duty to use it? If he does, I presume there are many besides the nonresistance folks, who would rather hesitate about adopting such a measure as this. And yet, if it is true that a man is morally bound to go to the polls, because the anti-slavery societies have agreed to use political action, it is equally true that he is bound to liberate the slaves by force in a certain contingency.It was stated by some one at the Convention, I believe the Rev. Mr. Cummings, of Duxbury, in reply to an objection against going to the polls on the ground that many did not believe it right, that every man was bound to believe it his duty to go to the polls. Now this may be true, or it may not. It is merely a matter of opinion, about which we may honestly differ. He may believe it to be my duty to join the Methodist church; but he would hardly think of arguing that fact in an anti-slavery meeting. Yet he might do so with as much propriety as he can insist that it is my duty to vote. For, whether it is or not, will depend upon the truth of a general principle which must be established on grounds totally independent of the abolition question. When he has convinced me of the truth of this general principle, he may then, as an abolitionist, rightfully urge upon me the duty of applying it to the case of the slave. But, until then, any attempt to do so will be travelling from the record, violating the compact, and leaving the common ground of anti-slavery union. This course is so clearly and obviously wrong, that I am surprised to see men of sense supporting it, and can account for it only by supposing that their hatred of non-resistance has obscured their mental vision. Still, however much they may hate this principle, I do not yet believe a majority of the abolitionists can be made willing to ostracise all who cannot engage in this particular kind of political action. It savors too much of the time'When a pillory held a Papist's ears,And the gallows-rope a Quaker woman,'to suit the meridian of the nineteenth century.Friend Wise stated that some had said there was division in the anti-slavery ranks. 'This,' said he, 'is not the fact. There is no division. There will be none, unless we are driven to it by those who oppose the new paper. There is a limit to human endurance, and even a worm, when trodden upon, will turn upon the aggressor.' What he means by being trodden upon, I cannot conceive, unless it is the refusal to make use of the elective franchise. They tell us there need be no division, if we will bow down and worship at the ballot-box! Dean Swift represents Lord Peter (the Pope) as concluding not to call in neighbor Dominic with his red hot tongs to seize upon Martin and Jack, providing they would confess that a crust of brown bread was a leg of mutton. So, if we will consent to go to the polls, very good; otherwise, we are to be drummed out of the ranks, and ultimately handed over to the tender mercies of Hubbard Winslow's 'brotherhood!'But there is a division in the anti-slavery ranks, Mr. Wise's assertion to the contrary notwithstanding. And it has been caused solely by this attempt to bind men's consciences, and destroy individual freedom by the despotic law of an association. Here is the great evil of combinations. There is generally too little regard for individual rights— too much of a disposition to swallow up the unit in the great mass. It is an evil which cannot be too carefully guarded against. The only way to heal this division, is to retain the broad platform upon which our societies were originally formed— which admits all, of every name, sect, or party, who believe in the universal sinfulness of slavery, and the duty of immediate emancipation. If this be done, we may still go on in harmony and love in the work of universal freedom. But, if this new doctrine is persisted in, and its friends succeed in inducing the anti-slavery society to declare that every man is morally bound to go to the polls, then there must be a permanent separation, and on their heads will be the consequences.      the the side favor against advocating opposition attempt every true abolitionist will go to the polls.'  moral particular peace, vi et armis?   believe         is   TRUTH TELLER.     

         The labors of the day were past, And, wearied with its toil and care,I'd reached my own hearth-side at last, And threw me in my easy-chair.There, as I sat and mused upon The changing state of man's affairs,My mind was saddened with the gloom Which every earthly prospect wears.Sleep stole my senses, one by one; When is his chariot of airImagination bore me on, And dropt me in your Still-House Square.The place was gloomy as the grave, And from a dark and dismal den,Not distant far, there came forth sounds, As from a group of drunken men.And with them curses mingled oft, And nearer drew the sounds, and soonThere seemed a man approaching slow, Seen dimly by the midnight moon.And while the group more distant sang, And shouted forth their haw— haw— haw,This man drew near, and thus exclaimed, 'My curse upon the license-law!'With that he stamp'd upon the stones, With which were paved the public way,And still spoke on— I caught the tones, And thus he said, or seemed to say:—Alas! for the days of our glory are past,And the long-dreaded evil has reached us at last!We must now our respectable traffic give o'er,For our license is out, and we cannot get more.No more shall the poor, oppressed laborers comeTo our shops, to replenish their bottles with rum:Oppressed by tyrannical laws, they may sighAnd mourn over joys that are past, and go dry:But they must not blame us, for we've often declared,That we would still fill up their jugs if we dared.No— they must not blame us; if they find that theirdoomIs to spend all their long tedious evenings at home,With a rabble of children, and a sad, peevish wife,Without even one gill of the comfort of life.Then from each toper's throat the hot curses shallpour,Before which all these temperance fanatics shallcower;Repent their rash acts with a hearty good will,Give us what we contend for— a license to kill.He passed— and next the drunkard came,With blood-shot eyes and face of flame,With drivelling mouth, with pimpled nose,With crownless hat and tattered clothes,With trembling hand, with unshod feet,That sought, by turns, both sides the street;With zig-zag step he strode along,Unmindful of the tittering throngOf thoughtless fools of various sort,That followed, just to enjoy the sport.Sudden he stopped, as he were lost,And leaning 'gainst a friendly post,While round him closed the gathering crowd,Thus belched his troubles forth aloud:'Nabers and frinds, and can this be?And shall we be no longer free?Say, has the time, long-draded, come,When we can't have one drap o' rum?If that's the case, it beats creation,And I'll up stakes and quit the nation.Why, sir, if we submit in quiet,The next they'll rigilate our diet,And say, by law, we shan't eat carrin,Or flesh of beasts that died of murrin.'Tis very strange that men should thinkTo rigilate, by law, our drink.In laws like these there is no merit,They rouse up our New England sperit.We'd have folks know that we're born free,Our fa'hers fought for liberty;And 'fore our nat'ral rights we'll yield.We'll shoulder arms and marche the field,Assert our rights, as freemen should,And battle for the public good.But not alone shall we go forth;Our frinds will come from South, from North,From East, from West, good sturdy fellers,Led on by BOSTON LIQUOR SELLERS.               Still-House Square.              haw— haw— haw,   license-law!'               go dry:              a license to kill.                                           

       8 Duncan-street, Newington.EDINBURGH, January 5, 1839. Duncan-street, Newington.    MY DEAR FRIEND:I was truly delighted to recognise, once more, your handwriting, annexed to Mr. Burley's letter, of the 24th November. Most entirely do I reciprocate your sentiments of unalterable attachment. I sometimes feel very culpable in not keeping up a regular correspondence; while, at other times, I feel to some extent exonerated by my circumstances. Let me tell you the … writing, I have, for the last two years, been in a very ill state of health, my indisposition increasing progressively, down to the present time. Hard work, in the way of public speaking, constant high excitement, and considerable anxiety occasioned by the posture of our West-India question, have wrought their effects upon me, and reduced me to a condition of great and distressing physical disorder and debility. Hence I have taken up my pen only when absolutely compelled. The state of my feelings has induced me to put off whatever admitted of procrastination, so that my debts have been continually increasing, and I am at last obliged to declare myself insolvent, and ask my friends freely to forgive me, having nothing to pay. Can you thus remit the heavy debt I owe you?I am now taking strong medicine, and resting for a short time from my public labors, in the hope of recovery. Already I feel myself better, though unfit for any intellectual occupation. Pardon, therefore, the imperfections of this miserable scrawl. Your friend is an invalid, with a weak stomach and a weak head. If permitted, in the good providence of God, again to go forth and plead the cause of the oppressed, I trust I shall be able to exercise some degree of restraint over myself. To preserve my health, it will be necessary to act by rule. I must speak neither so often, so loud, nor so long, as I have been accustomed to do.It grieves me, as it will grieve all your friends in this country, to learn that you are suffering from bodily affliction. It is, however, matter of joy, my dear brother, to behold the now resistless progress of those great truths which you were, under God, so instrumental in propagating and applying when your countrymen were almost universally indifferent or disaffected to the claims of the slave. How great the reward of your sacrifices, and labors, and perils! The little one has become a thousand, and the small one a strong nation. There is now lying open before me, the first volume of the Liberator, dated January 1st, 1831. On the first page you say, 'Aid me, NEW-ENGLAND!' New-England has aided you. Your native State is 'politically and morally regenerated upon the question of slavery.' What hath God wrought! Well may you be hopeful. 'The kind God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many as ye are, and bless you as he hath promised you!'Do not think, because I do not write to America, that I do not think of America. I devour with eagerness every thing in the shape of information respecting your anti slavery movement. I am disposed to believe that I am as familiar with the details of the question, as it is possible to be on this side of the Atlantic. The education I obtained, during my short residence in the United States, enables me to understand pretty well the bearing and comparative importance of the events recorded in your anti-slavery periodical, and by constant and regular reading, I keep up with you in your glorious career, and complete from time to time my historical knowledge.You express a wish to have me by your side. O, with what sincerity and fulness of desire I could exclaim, 'Amen, with all my heart!' To keep on this side the water is an act of daily self-denial. I am only reconciled to my painful separation by the consideration that the little I can do for the cause of universal freedom is, for the present, better done here than it could be with you. I cherish, nevertheless, a strong and confident hope that I shall see you again, and be allowed to do and suffer something more in the field of warfare, which is endeared to me not less by the insults and injuries I received, than by the kindnesses and proofs of affection so abundantly furnished me by my fellow-soldiers.Since the abolition of the apprenticeship in the West-Indies, I have been engaged, as my health allowed me, in bringing before the public the claims of the London Aborigines Protection Society— a most praiseworthy and valuable institution, founded by Mr. Buxton and other philanthropic individuals, with a view to the improvement of the condition of the native inhabitants of our Colonies, and the world at large. I have sent you several newspapers containing a pretty full exposition of the principles and plans of this new society. While advocating its claims to public support, I am by no means precluded from pleading the cause of the slave. On the contrary, the slavery of India, the slave-trade of Africa, and the freedom and welfare of the Negro wherever found, are matters of special and legitimate interest. It is likely, however, that the present state of British India will be that part of the great subject which we shall feel it our duty to press upon the immediate attention of the people and parliament. In consequence, my recent public addresses have had a particular reference to the oppressions practised by British rulers upon one hundred millions of our fellow-subjects in our Eastern empire. We hope by a vigorous effort to effect an early alteration in the administration of public affairs in India— such an alteration as will relieve the bulk of the natives (the cultivators of the soil) from the existing evils of the revenue system, and lead to the abolition of slavery throughout the country. This will be another glorious achievement.Remember me to all friends in Boston, and ever believe me with growing affection,          education          Your devoted friend,GEORGE THOMPSON.      

          NEW YORK, Jan. 28th, 1839.   FRIEND GARRISON:Is the condemnation of sin sure to prevent it? We know it is not, otherwise there would be no sin in the world; for all sin is condemned. Consequently, Paul did not think differently from me; and you misapply the passage which you quoted from him in your last, on this point.I have not said that the forgiveness of injury is the removal of governmental restraint. But it argues no non-forgiveness, no revenge, to protect— I will not now say one's self— but the helpless, unconscious infant, for example. On the contrary, benevolence would prompt such protection. Are you prepared to say, that community ought not to use restraint, to prevent infanticide? Evade not this point by talking of punishing by proxy. The infant has no agency or will in the case. Say, then, friend Garrison, ought not the community to defend the infant against infanticide? And would not such defence argue revenge or non-forgiveness on their part?I have already referred to a passage of scripture, to prove your non-government principle unscriptural: I will now quote it.'Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers; for there is no power but of God. The powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever, therefore, resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God; and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou, then, not be afraid of the power? Do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same. For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake. For, for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor.'— Rom. xiii. 1 to 7.And how do you meet this passage? Simply by saying, that you find no proof in it, that to endure grief, suffering wrongfully, is unscriptural. And who has said that it is? Not I. But in this, you dodge the point. Do you find no proof here, that your non-government views are unscriptural? If to be of God, to be ordained of God, to be an ordinance of God, to be a terror to evil works, to be a minister of God for good, is not proof of Divine sanction of the institution of human government, and of the consequent unsoundness of your non-government theory, will you be pleased to show wherein it is not so, and what terms would be such proof; instead of flying off in a tangent, and talking of non-resistance?You say your principle is, that Christ should reign, and not man; and, therefore, that you are for government of some kind. Agreed. Still you are opposed to human government in itself, when you say, that man is neither authorized nor qualified to govern man by physical force. Were this the case, man ought not to rule even those who do not submit to the reign of Christ. Thus you leave those who do not submit to Christ without any government. It is this your opposition to human government in itself; this letting loose men who are not under moral restraint; that is particularly objectionable and unscriptural. All will admit, that those who voluntarily do right, need no compulsion. Scripture itself says, that law is not made for the good, but for the bad.You mistake when you say, that you have my own authority for saying, that I do not forgive my enemies. I have not said, that it was my duty to punish my enemies. For me to screen an infant from destruction, or to have the drunken tormentor of a family put into a house of correction, or the man who attempts his own life prevented from suicide, is not to punish my enemies. I do this on the principle of compassion, not of enmity— and of compassion both to the injured and the aggressor. True, I would fain induce them to desist from evil from proper motives; but if they will not do this, then would I call for the aid of 'God's ministers,' that are 'a terror to evil doers,' and that 'bear not the sword in vain.' But, mind ye; I have not said I would do this in my own behalf, against my enemies. So you need not say again, that I do not forgive my enemies— at least, till you have better reason for it than this. Nor need you charge me with resisting evil offered to myself, because I would avert it from helpless infancy.Do you undertake to say, friend Garrison, that Pilate was under nothing but legal obligation to with-hold Christ from the Jews? He was Governor: he had power to release him. Now, under these circumstances, was he not morally bound, beyond his mere oath of office, to screen him from the unjust rage of the Jews? If not, then he did no moral wrong, in itself considered, in giving him up. What say, friend Garrison? yea, or nay? By the way, will you name the passage where Christ has prohibited the use of the civil sword to his followers?You seem to misapprehend the principle of non-resistance taught by Christ. 'Whose shall smite thee on the one cheek, turn to him the other also.' This injunction shows, that it is one's own injuries that are the topic of the discourse, and that a man is not to be revengeful. Even the letter of the passage goes no further than this. It has, therefore, nothing what-ever to do with the principle of government, that institution ordained of God for good, and not on principles of private hate— for protection to others, and not for revenge to one's self. These principles are anti-podes to each other.I have repeatedly told you, that we merely disclaimed your non-government principle in an emphatic manner, that we might remove all suspicion of our sanctioning it. If you call this departing from our single object, we do not, nor will the community at large. And as to calling your association a non-government society, I do this on the principle of calling things by their right names. The non-government principle is its characteristic, and by that it should be, and will be designated, whatever you may nominate yourselves. The non-resistance principle is held by many others, as well as by you. You are not, therefore, to monopolize that title, and put those into the predicament of appearing to oppose non-resistance, who oppose you. If you wish to be called by the name you take, let that name be the appropriate one. I have no idea of calling the Mormonites Latter Day Saints, though they call themselves so— nor your Society the New England Non-Resistance Society, when all the Friends, and many others, are non-resistants, as well as you. But you are entirely welcome to the title of non-government— the title perfectly significant of your distinctive principles, and, therefore, the proper one.You say Paul went armed. Such trifling as this deserves severe rebuke. How did Paul go armed? Look at Ephesians VI. to which you refer, and then keep your countenance, if you can. Is this the way to treat religious subjects? I told you I did not go armed. You knew I was speaking of carnal weapons. In reply, you say, 'Paul did;' knowing at the same time, that his were spiritual weapons. This, then, is your extra sanctity. With all my 'lack of faith,' I would not be guilty of such trifling with scripture as this— nor of such rash judging, nor of such apparent lack of that which is greater than faith itself, namely charity, as you have been, in presuming to pronounce upon my spiritual standing with my God. It is not your prerogative, presumptuous man! to say whether I have faith or not. As to yourself, whatever your faith may be, remember, O remember, that without charity, you are nothing.I have neither said nor implied, that unbelievers are not bound to forgive their enemies. I say that government ought to do them justice. Do you say otherwise? I say that government ought to protect them. It ought to protect all; that is government's duty; the duty of an individual Christian is another subject.The forgiveness of injuries is not anarchical, but the dissolution of government would be so.If the man of the world does not become a disciple of Christ, he is nevertheless entitled to common justice. I would, indeed, prefer to have him a Christian, rather than a worldling; but I would have justice done to him at any rate— and to the Christian likewise, unless he waived his right.You have not succeeded in showing that my resolution was inconsistent, absurd, and false, in charging your non-government principle with a tendency to anarchy; nor have you attempted to show, that the arbitration principle of the New York Peace Society tends to your non-government principle. Please to attend to these points.Yours as ever,                     we                ORIGEN BACHELER.     

        MIDDLEBURY, Vt. Feb. 21, 1839.     DEAR FRIEND GARRISON:After a tedious ride of two days, I arrived at this place late on Tuesday night, whither I came for the purpose of attending the fifth annual meeting of the Vermont Anti-Slavery Society. The Society commenced its session yesterday morning, and the proceedings have now (Thursday evening) just been brought to a close. Although much fatigued, and suffering for want of sleep, I must not fail to redeem my promise by giving you a brief statement of the proceedings.A large number of the hard-handed, honest yeomanry of Vermont were present, notwithstanding the extreme badness of the travelling; and the meeting, as a whole, was decidedly one of the best that I have ever attended. The delightful harmony that prevailed, and the zeal and devotedness manifested by the delegates, reminded me of our never to be forgotten Convention of young men at Worcester. It was indeed a glorious anniversary, and the proceedings cannot fail to give a fresh and powerful impetus to the anti-slavery cause in the Green Mountain State. The meeting was chiefly a homespun affair[ ] brother Orange Scott and myself being the only individuals present from any other State; and as we are both Vermonters by birth, we can hardly be considered an exception to the remark. The speeches were generally excellent; the more so from the fact that they were short and to the purpose. Each individual was limited, by a rule, to twenty minutes; and to this judicious regulation, taken in connection with the promptness and energy of the President in despatching the business, the meeting owes, in no small degree, its interest. Among those who were present, to participate in the proceedings, were the fire-tried Murray, whom you once justly pronounced the Clarkson of Vermont, Chauncey L. Knapp, the Secretary of State, a good speaker, and a fine specimen of our Vermont young men, Edward D. Barber, an old pioneer and able defender of the cause, who, amidst all the cross-currents and hurricanes of party, has proved inflexible in his attachment to the great interests of humanity, and the bold and fearless Miller, who signalized himself by his efforts in behalf of Greece, and who is a real sui generis. Mr. Barber, the corresponding Secretary, as you well know, is one of the most prominent members of the democratic party in this State. The Annual Report, which was from his pen, contained a searching examination of Atherton's gag resolutions, which, when it is published, I intend to send to Mr. Van Buren and the editors of the Washington Globe, and Boston Morning Post, as a specimen of Vermont democracy. The resolutions were all of the most ultra stamp, and the discussions which they elicited were intensely interesting. Here are a few of the most important of the resolutions, which I must transcribe without further comment.Resolved, That northern churches and professing christians, by holding fellowship with southern slaves, … them into their pulpits and to the communion table, and by apologizing for their 'unfortunate relation,' do more to strengthen the bonds of slavery and arrest the current of public opinion against it, than all its sophistical casuists and chivalrous defenders of the South.Resolved, That slaveholding, under all possible circumstances, is a SIN, and ought to be immediately repented of and abandoned; and hence every philanthropist and christian— in short, every moral agent— is under the most solemn obligation to use all means sanctioned by law, humanity and religion, to effect the immediate abolition of this sinful relation.Resolved, That we have no fellowship with that opposition to slavery which only manifests itself by opposing abolition.Resolved, That Charles G. Atherton, a member of Congress from New Hampshire, by introducing his gag resolutions in the House of Representatives of the United States, on the 13th of December last, has secured for his name a conspicuous place on the roll of infamy; and that all those members of Congress from the free States, who voted for said resolutions, have proved themselves unworthy the confidence of a free and christian people.Whereas, the Hon. Henry Clay, in his recent speech in the United States Senate, has characterized the 'ultra abolitionists of this country' as person, 'who are resolved to persevere in the pursuit of their object at all hazards, and without regard to any consequences, however calamitous they may be;' and that, 'with them the rights of property are nothing— the deficiency of the powers of the general government nothing— civil war, a dissolution of the union, and the overthrow of a government in which are concentrated the fondest hopes of the civilized world, are nothing;'— and whereas, we consider ourselves as 'ultra' as any abolitionists in the United States— Therefore,Resolved, That the foregoing extract contains allegations which are contradicted by all our declarations and all our measures as a body or as individuals, and are gross and infamous slanders upon our character; which we cast back with indignation upon the Senatorial libeller.Resolved, That if, in the language of Mr. Clay, it is the first duty of Congress, in its legislation over the District of Columbia, to make the District 'available, comfortable and convenient as a seat of government of the whole union,' still we deny that any spot can be an 'available, comfortable or convenient' place for the seat of government for a free republic founded in the 'unalienable rights' of man, where the representatives of freemen meet to legislate in favor of human liberty, within the bounds of which about one sixth of the population are slaves, and where slave-auctions[ ] slave-prisons, slave-drivers and slave-ships exhibit it to the scorn and reproach of civilized nations as the greatest slave mart in christendom.Resolved, That we are as much as ever convinced of the great sin of African Colonization, which was founded in an unholy union of slaveholding and inveterate prejudice against the colored American; and that the recent attempt to re-enlist the sympathies of the North in favor of its cruel and unjustifiable schemes, after its wickedness had been so fully developed, and its utter hypocrisy exposed, and after its condemnation had been so repeatedly and unequivocally pronounced by all the most intelligent of that class whose special benefit it professes to regard, can be viewed in no other light than a hopeless struggle to sustain a sinking reputation, rather than frankly to acknowledge an error, and co-operate with those who have discovered the fallacy of their scheme and honestly rebuked its wickedness.Resolved, That we have learned with deep regret the manner in which the resolutions of this State on the subject of slavery, the slave-trade and the right of petition, were treated by our Senators in Congress, on their presentation of them in the Senate of the United States; and that we regard their conduct on that occasion with unqualified disapprobation, as a betrayal of the high trust reposed in them, and as a cowering down to the dark spirit of slavery, wholly unworthy the representatives of Vermonters.These resolutions show the soundness of Vermont abolitionism. Depend upon it, the cause here is onward. The Society has been very active, and has accomplished much during the past year in various ways. The liberality of the delegates was shown by their pledges, which amounted to more than [ ]2,000, notwithstanding most of them are farmers in moderate circumstances. Among the donations was a valuable gold necklace, presented by the mother of Alvan Stewart.Yours affectionately,                               OLIVER JOHNSON.     

     HARWICH, Feb. 9th, 1839.    FRIEND GARRISON:I heartily concur and truly rejoice in the principles of the Non-Resistance Society; and I believe, that all real abolitionists must and will adopt them. Anti-slavery and non-resistance must be united:* therefore your paper must be open to both. These principles lay the axe to the root of all sin; or of all that is opposed to the will of God. This manifests the perfect edition of God's law: these are the principles, or laws, of the kingdom of heaven: these exhibit the law and spirit of that kingdom, over which God himself is the governor. This, in my opinion, is the stone spoken of by Daniel, which was to smile the image, and become an exceeding great mountain, and fill the whole earth. This is to break in pieces all other kingdoms, and continue forever. The error of the opposite lies in this— that power gives right; or, that numbers, or the majority, make a thing right. Let two individuals go into what they call the house of God, to worship; and but few would object to their equality of right to judge, each one for himself, what is pleasing to God, whom they both profess to worship; but let five hundred be against one, and how it alters the case, in the minds of nearly all the people; yea, of nearly all professors of Christianity! It is an undeniable fact, that God requires the same of bodies politic, of all ecclesiastical combinations, and of all societies or combinations of men, of whatever name, as he does of individuals. And it is certain, if it does not abide in this spirit and principle— i.e. renouncing its own will, and abiding in the will of God— it becomes anti-christian: and this was the very thing that turned the professed christian church into a beast, having seven heads and ten horns; and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his head the name of blasphemy. The beast was like a leopard, had feet like a bear, and his mouth was like a lion. This anti-christian power has assumed different shapes and forms since John saw it; the 2d form was the beast's image; 3dly, its mark; 4thly, the number of its name, which is its last form or modification. And I believe we live in this last stage of its existence. How dark the mind must be, not to see that the christian language is universally confounded! Christendom is evidently a Babel of confusion. I have a great desire, that all the people in christendom, and more especially all professed ministers and church members, would read, and seriously consider, the following declaration. Rev. 14 chap. from the 6th to the 13th verse. But more especially the 9th, 10th, and 11th verses: and for fear that some will not turn to it, I will write it:'And the third angel followed him, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone, in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the lamb: and the smoke of their torment ascendeth up forever and ever; and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.'According to the Bible, the majority has always been on the side of the serpent, or opposed to righteousness. And from the days of Cain down to this day, have used violence and employed physical force to gratify their own wills, and to carry their own points: assuming that power is right. But let God be true, if so doing contradicts every creature in the universe, or makes man a liar. God is long-suffering, and will bear with rebels, till they fill up the measure of their cup; and then he will judicially destroy them. This we learn from the scriptures of truth, that contain many awful examples. How strange it is, that rational man can think that numbers, or public opinion, can alter the mind of the infinitely just, and righteous, and unchangeable God! But not receiving the truth in the love of it, and having pleasure in unrighteousness, will blind any man, or number of men. The strong man will get armor, and hold it till he is bound; his armor cannot be taken from him till he is first bound. This strong man is own will. I am persuaded the time is at hand, when the covering cast over all people will be taken off. The scarlet whore that sitteth upon many waters will be stripped and made naked. The shaking has commenced, and those who are on the side of righteousness rejoice at it. I rejoice that there is one paper, that lays its columns open to receive despised and down-trodden truth. I hope there will be virtue enough to sustain it. I trust you will stand fast (I judge of the future from the past.) I have never seen the righteous forsaken. If God be for us, who can be against us? One shall chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight. The righteous are as bold as a lion, while the wicked flee when no man pursueth. The righteous holdeth on his way; and he that hath clean hands, shall wax stronger and stronger. The Lord qualify you for your great and arduous work.Your fellow laborer, in his humble sphere,       own will.    ELKANAH NICKERSON.    * That is, in spirit— though not necessarily in the anti-slavery organizations, as such.— ED.    

          WASHINGTON, Feb. 9th.     In the Senate, to-day, we had from Mr. Morris, of Ohio, a very long and energetic      I doubt much whether a single Senator was willing to endorse Mr. Morris' views. His own views on the subject, so far as his resolutions went, were before the public some days ago. What are we to come to when Senators come into the national councils to make war upon the Constitution,— and upon States of the Union.(!!) When the Constitution was formed a majority of the States were slaveholding States. The power of the Union has now passed into the hands of the non-slaveholding States, and how little of unanimity or justice is there in using that power for the oppression and insult of the Southern States. Mr. Morris, it seems, goes home to make an appeal to the people;— to set a light on every hill, as he said, and to bring upon us nobody knows what sort of an [ ] from that quarter. It is not in the nature of [ ] for the South to submit namely to these attacks. Retaliation— resentment— must be expected, in one form or other. (Terrible!)Having no notes of Mr. Morris' speech, I do not undertake with any precision to give his expressions nor to state, even in substance, his views. He offered a number of abolition petitions, which, he said looked to three things: abolition of slavery in this District, the prohibition of the inter-State slave trade and the refusal to admit into the Union any new State tolerating slavery. In presenting them, he had to contend against the strongest feelings of the human being— interest;— the decided disapprobation of the body which he addressed; and the opinions of the people of this District, who had asked that his constitution might not be heard. (Here signs of uneasiness and disapprobation were strongly manifested, on the floor by loud talking, &c.) Mr. M. proceeded, unabashed. He would be obliged, he said, to lift his voice amid noise and tumult, but he would rise above it all. He had not moved in this matter without being aware of his position. His feet were on the rock of justice and humanity. When the resolutions of the Senator from S.C. (Mr. Calhoun) were introduced, some sessions ago, with the avowed object of putting an end to petitioning, how were they treated? They were received with all possible respect, printed and debated. But when he offered his own resolutions on this great question which still agitated the country, how were they treated? Let the record of yesterday answer. The poor privilege was allowed, of suffering them as to go to the table. What were the doctrines contained in these resolutions, that they could not go to the world? Were slaveholders afraid or ashamed to meet them? The Senator from Kentucky, the other day, brought in a remonstrance against the right of petition; and did any one make a question of color upon that? A great and vital question agitates the country, and we are suffered to have only one side. One class of petitions are read and debated, while even reception is denied to the other. Not for himself, but for his State and his country, he was aggrieved at this condition of thingsThe Senator from South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) had congratulated the eloquent Kentuckian, the Senate, and the nation, that abolition is dead— that the country has passed through it. I congratulate him on his belief. But it is not so. Let me tell him, it is not so. Child as he was in intrigue, he saw, now, new moves on the political chess-board. Where was the Sub-Treasury, which in all candor and honesty he had supported! Laid aside for other things to take its place. Is abolition dead? Thousands of living witnesses deny the assertion. He held in his hand the leading Administration paper of Kentucky, a paper that speaks by authority, and it declared that abolitionism was stronger than ever in Ohio, and was not confined to the poor and humble, but was espoused by the educated and wealthy and influential. This he would say, on behalf of those whose petitions he had presented, that they were influential, intelligent, pious, and opposed to slavery— not merely in the abstract— but to its actual existence. There were some poor, grovelling politicians in Ohio, who attempted to get into power by representing that petitions could be treated with scorn and contempt, without any evasion or denial of the right of petition; but the people of Ohio had too much sense for thatMy constituents ask that slavery may be removed from the Capital of their country, as unwise, [ ] improper, incompatible with the spirit of free government, withering, and blighting to the fairest prospects of the nation. Shall they not be heard. He had been called the high priest of abolition in some of the Whig papers. But there were others who held those views, far transcending him in power to maintain them. If he was the high priest of abolitionism, where did he imbibe its doctrines? Who taught me this love of freedom? The author of the Declaration of Independence— every word of which was deeply engraven on his heart, and could never be [ ] from it. Yes, Sir, it was from Jefferson, a great apostle of liberty, whose statue, in the Rotunda, I never pass without involuntary homage,— he it was who taught me that, in this contest, the Almighty had no attribute that could take part with the white men. Do I use words too strong for gentlemen? I have heard the words of the author of the Declaration of Independence. How often have I heard these petitioners branded as incendiaries? What a lesson is here to Christian America? This is not the language of the humble individual before you, but of the immortal Jefferson, to whom the world is more indebted for precepts of civil liberty than to any living being. Was he an incendiary? Did he call for rivers of blood! Desolation, such as the senator from Kentucky, in his eloquent oration, pictured to us? Let the world answer. As he went along, Mr. M. gave the President a rub. He had often, he said, heard him called the Northern man with Southern feelings. Was this a character to give the Chief Magistrate of this great country? He wanted to see a President of the nation not of the slave party, or of the bank party, or any party. He then turned around to Mr. Silas Wright, and asked him if one of the cabinet had not written a book in favor of slavery? 'Indeed,' said Mr. Wright, 'I cannot say.' Yes, Sir, continued Mr. Morris, a work in favor of slavery was written by John K. Paulding; a work that fell still-born from the press— which he had at his house in Ohio— a piece of worthless furniture. rotting on a dirty shelf. He alluded also to the other officers of the Government. The Judiciary, all of them, he said, were either slaveholders, or the friends of slavery. The presiding officer of that body, the Speaker of the other House, and the majority of the Judges of the Supreme Court, were all slaveholders;— and what from them could be expected on this subjectHe treated the question whether slaves are property; and after alluding to some facts, he declared that the doctrine was contrary to the principles of our government, to the opinions of the people of his own State, and to the sense of the whole christian worldHe maintained that the 'ten miles square' belonged to the nation— and that the people of Ohio had a right to come here, bringing their wives and children, without being shocked at the sight of men and women chained together, and driven into hopeless slavery, &c. He said much about the border difficulties between Ohio and Kentucky, growing out of slave questions, and remarked that they had been the means of changing the politics of the State, &c. On the right of petition, he dwelt very earnestly, and said that he should now go home to set a light on every hill— to arouse the people to a sense of their wrongs, &c. &cThe question of reception was made on the petitions, and that question was laid on the table     abolition is dead   favor   slavery?        

     PENNSGROVE, (Pa.) 1st mo. 27, 1839.    BROTHER GARRISON:Having a few sheets of paper untainted with the stain of slavery, we use this to transmit thee an expression of the heartfelt satisfaction experienced on the announcement of the organization of the advocates of the christian principle of non-resistance, in a visible society; sensible that an undeviating adherence to it will evidence that their building hath that foundation which will stand when the rains descend, and the floods come, and winds blow, and beat thereon, but it falleth not, for its base is immutable, even Christ, the word of God, and the power of God.Brother, having since the period when the unfaltering step of the infant Liberator shook the nation, slumbering in its guilt over the elements of destruction, felt that sympathy and interest which are awakened on behalf of those who are calumniated and persecuted for daring to plead the cause of the perishing, who have none to stand for them— for faithfully and fearlessly proclaiming truth, whether it justifies or condemns those in exalted stations or the humblest walks of life— we view thy espousal of the non-resistance principle as a fresh emanation of that spirit of love which prompts to every good thought, word, and action, and brings the certain reward for each act of duty, of that inward peace that the world knows not of. You have been charged with seeking the subversion of human government, which we had almost said is no government at all— being, in fact, mere animal strength, compelling submission from the weak; very nearly allied to that species of dominion the slaveholders exercise over their subjects; while the true secret of governing lies in operating upon the judgment, reason and understanding of the rational creation, in controlling the actions, through the influence of the power of love on the heart.And, again, you are called a Perfectionist. Is it, then, worthy of contempt, that you strive to obey the injunctions of our immaculate pattern— 'Be ye also perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect?' Or is it to be supposed he would have given a command, the fulfilment of which was an impossibility? Let us beware whose character we libel. Persevere in well-doing, unheeding the applause or censure of men— keeping your eyes single to the manifestations of duty, that so your whole body may be full of light, and the blessing pronounced upon the peacemakers be emphatically realized by you, and the only true government established which shall rest upon the shoulders of the 'mighty God, the Prince of Peace'— hastening the period when the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ.But, we ask, why is it that some among you are so slow to perceive or acknowledge, that the lever which propels the car of slavery onward, is the consumption of the produce of slave labor? Why is it that the friends of the slave are not called upon to labor actively, effectively and untiringly, in this department of the cause? Are we not required to be not partakers of other men's sins, and to be consistent in all things? It is more than time that this subject was faithfully attended to. We rejoice to say that it is spreading in this region, from 'grey beard eld to fiery youth,' while the lisping child catches the emanation of the principle, and, with a firmness worthy of mature years, resists the temptation to participate in the gain of oppression. Conventions have been held, societies formed, stores established and encouraged. The work must go on; but we need the influence of presses devoted to the cause. Much yet remains to be done.Thine in the cause of the oppressed,               THOMAS & A.E. HAMBLETON.     

     MONDAY, Feb. 18.    The House were chiefly engaged in the reception of petitions. The House ordered they should be received in a lump, at the clerk's table, without any call of the States. This triumph was, however, obtained after a long struggle. Mr. Adams rebelled against the procedure, and refused to offer his petitions— he had only one hundred and one of them— but, at length, be sent them to the clerk's table, on the condition that they should be journalized by the morning, and the journal read as it must be as a matter of course, unless the reading be dispensed with unanimously. So Mr. Adams will bring each petition to the notice of the House. By the way, he has a private journal of these petitions, made by himself. I saw a portion of it today, and I much admired its neatness, method, and accuracy. A wonderful man is this John Q. Adams.  

       BROTHER GARRISON— In No. 3 of the Liberator, you gave an invitation to all who voted for the Declaration of Sentiments, at the Peace Convention, to call at the Anti-Slavery office, and sign the Declaration, as it is now engrossed on parchment. Will you allow me to state, through your columns, my reasons, very briefly, for declining to do so?Since the time the Peace Convention met, I have thrown from me, and renounced forever, the greatest war and slave-making, gagging, bribing and corrupting instrument ever known, or that ever will be known by man— I mean MONEY. And being determined neither to ask, make or tempt any man to become my slave, and bow down and do my bidding, and even sell his conscience and soul, as well as his body, to me, for a time agreed upon, for a paltry pittance of corrupting coin, I can no longer take the slave-driver's whip into my hand, nor occupy the station of master, to lord it over my fellow-man, but choose rather than be the slaveholder to be the slave, if it must come to that. Therefore, I hold that men should serve one another for love, all potent love, and for love only.With these views, you see that I now differ with that part of the Declaration, which implies, that certain measures are to be carried out through the agency of the oppressor's rod— money. I cannot contribute, in any way, to the support of those measures, which would make an angel of light, if such a thing could be, a salaried hireling. There are salaried hireling priests enough in the land already. May the Lord soon deliver the world of these prophets of Baal, who prophesy for a reward, teach for hire, and divine for money. Every one who adopts the non-resistance principle in truth, will be a true agent, a living epistle, read and known of all men. But if we must hire men with the devil's currency to be agents, living epistles, the principle, the living sentiment, the spirit will be shut out, shadows will be clutched at, and the devil, in the shape of hireling priests, etc. etc. will come in, by and by, and take the lead of this, as he has done in all the great, oppressive, bloated, empty, windy, fat-starved 'benevolent' societies and churches of the present day. If any man is called of God to go here or there, stay here or there, to speak the truth, let him obey; and if he is of Christ, I doubt not he will get as good shelter, food and clothes, as his elder brother Jesus, and his seventy disciples, got. But if he has got to look out for his influence, take care of his reputation, keep 'caste,' have his slaves to black his boots, carry his valise, bundles, etc. etc. he will want a pretty good hold of the oppressor's rod. He will want to be made 'independent,' (What a charming word independent is in this world!— but the difficulty is, every one is striving to be independent at the expense and on the toil of his neighbor,) even at the expense and on the fruits of the midnight toil of poor, oppressed females, and upon the proceeds of the slave labor of all those, who serve the monopolizers and perverters of the things God has given for the use and benefit of all.As to societies, I from this time henceforth can join no society, nor be instrumental in forming one, unless it be a society of Universal Benevolence; the preamble of which shall be, love and good will— the constitution, love and good will— the officers, love and good will. Every one of my fellow-men, my brethren, my neighbors, shall join it; and each one will strive so much to exalt his neighbor, and esteem it more blessed to give than receive, that we shall stand an equal chance of being exalted. Some people say, we should want as much governing, and ruling, and constitutioning, and creeding, and priesting, as there is now, if peace and love reigned among men. But there are some who have more faith in that from which originates the order and the harmony of heaven— namely, peace, good will, love. Love worketh no ill to his neighbor. Let us be united in the unity of the spirit, and in the bonds of peace, and we shall repudiate all other unions, all organizations.As to 'petitioning OUR state and national governments,' I acknowledge no allegiance to any human governments, and deny their authority to declare war or make peace, enact laws, or do any thing else as governments. I shall encourage no one to petition, nor ask any thing else of them, but to disband. I shall do what I can to make Christ, which is the Truth, destroy them, that the great originators and protectors of war and slavery may be destroyed. Christ is to put down all rule and all authority, and love and good will are to be the ruling, governing power.I will simply answer one question, and end this communication: 'What will you do? Set down and do nothing?' I answer, that faith and love, in perfection, lead us to do right, though self-righteous pharisees may accuse us of doing nothing, because we follow not them, or of turning the world upside down, of being mad and having a devil, of breaking the Sabbath, &c. &c. Faith and love do not build up, with one hand, what they pull down with the other. Human policy and human wisdom often do so. Faith and love will yet find some way to print and publish truth through its living epistles, without using hireling or slave labor, and the rod of oppression— money.When my brethren will print a paper without the aid of mammon, I will give that portion of my time, it is best for me to labor daily with my hands, in free labor, without money and without price, to aid in printing the same.I thank the Lord that he has led you and others of my neighbors and brethren to live out and speak out the truth so fully as you have. Our Father is good, and I know he will teach us all things, and lead us in a way we knew not of, into all truth. The LORD is my salvation. I find it better to trust in him than in mammon, or in princes, governments, organizations, societies, forms, or creeds. I will make my boast in the Lord— not in myself, or any thing else,— but the Lord, the humble shall hear thereof and be glad. O let us give thanks unto the Lord, and trust in him; for he is good, for his mercy endureth forever.   love only.   hire devil's currency fat-starved 'benevolent' 'independent,'       breaking money.     live   Your friend and neighbor,JOSEPH A. WHITMARSH.     Boston, Jan. 31st, 1839.   

        In the Senate, we had an unusual dose of Abolition, administered in the form of resolutions, by Mr. Morris. After some Abolition petitions had been presented, Mr. Morris rose and remarked that he had several of the same nature to present, which he had received from time to time, but he had forborne to present them from a fear that he should take up too much of the time of the Senate. He was desirous therefore of placing himself in the right on the subject, and, with this view, had drawn a resolution which he should send to the table with the motion that it lie and be printedThe resolution is a very long one, and I only give an abstract of itThe resolution asserts:— That the right of petition is a natural right, and that it is placed, in the Constitution, above the power of legislation, by which it cannot be controlled nor restrained, as to manner or matter; that any intelligent being who is subject to legislative action, ought to enjoy the right to its fullest extent; and that, as a certain portion of the people of the United States entertain the opinion that they have as good a right to petition Congress for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the District, and against the admission of new states tolerating slavery, as they have to exercise the right upon any other subject, all such petitions ought therefore to be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire1st. Whether the people of the United States have the right of petition on any of these subjects.2d. Whether Congress has the power to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia or in the Territories3d. Whether Congress can restrain any right, because its exercise may tend to call in question the justice and policy of slavery, or to weaken or abolish that system in any of the StatesThe next question goes still deeper into the matter, viz: whether Congress has power to protect the abolitionists, who, in their own States, speak, print, and publish their opinions against the institutions of another State, from trial and punishment in the State whose institutions such speaking, writing, &c. was designed to affect; and whether Congress can protect the persons and property of the citizens of any State from violence and injury being done such citizens when in another StateThe next question is, whether Congress has the power to declare what shall be or shall not be made property by any of the StatesOne question which would seem naturally to follow from these is admitted, viz:— How far these powers of Congress, if exercised, would be regarded by the States; and how long it would take the Abolitionists, aided by slaves, and, if they please, by England, to give laws to the slaveholding States. The final question is whether the removal of the seat of the federal government (to Cincinnati) is not expedient and consistent with sound policy, &c.The resolution also proposes to obtain some statistics relative to slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia.Some symptoms of uneasiness were manifested while the document was reading. Mr. Hubbard, who first got the floor, said he was totally opposed to the consideration of this resolution, or of touching the subject in any way in that body. He alluded to the efforts made in the other branch with a view to quiet this question, through resolutions of Mr. Atherton, and remarked that, though no individual had been more abused than Mr. A. had been, for his course, yet he had, in these resolutions, spoken the sentiments of nine-tenths of the people of his State. He held it to be our policy and duty to let this topic alone.Mr. Clay of Alabama, and Mr. Foster of Tennessee, made objections to the reception of the resolution, but the chair pronounced that it was now too late. When the resolution came up for consideration, the Senate could reject it. Mr. Morris withdrew his motion to print the resolution, and, therefore, the matter was necessarily dropped.             designed to affect;     powers        

        THE PETITION OF THE LADIES OF LYNN, praying our Legislature to abolish all laws making a distinction in color, has been the occasion of much malignity and falsehood, palmed upon the public for wit. In the Boston Post it was asserted, that 'Caroline Augusta Chase, and seven hundred and thirty-five other Ladies of Lynn, have petitioned the Legislature for the privilege of marrying black husbands.'No petition resembling this was signed by them. Yet the unqualified manner in which the assertion was made, led most people to believe it true. Even in this town, some ladies who would be thought respectable, did believe, or pretend to believe it true. And the 'Apothecary' and a comrade with him, it is said, went round town getting subscribers among the vile and vulgar to a scurrilous and indecent petition to the legislature.A forged petition, purporting, to be signed by Phillis Hathaway (colored) and others against the petition from Lynn, was actually presented to the legislature, and one person, (we believe the writer,) summoned before the legislative committee, for contempt. This falsehood, forgery, and low scurrility is altogether mean and disgraceful.Following is the Petition, word for word, as signed by the Ladies of this town—To the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, the undersigned ladies of Lynn, in the County of Essex, respectfully pray you immediately to repeal all laws in this State, which make any distinction among its inhabitants, on account of COLOR. asserted,   resembling   forged      

        Extract of a letter from a highly intelligent friend at the South:'You may expect me in Boston early in the spring. I am sick of the South. The more I see of it, the more I dislike it. There is nothing here worth living for. There is nothing but wrong, and oppression, and depravity, which must be witnessed in silence, or extolled as virtues! The most awful judgments of Heaven hang over this land! These people have, ere long, a dread account to settle for their violations of the righteous laws of God! I will tell you all when I get back. I have been obliged to burn my journal, and have nothing but memory to depend upon for retaining such facts as are worth preserving.'    

       guess.        Any one who watches the history and progress of the human race, will be struck with the fact that even the best and most religious classes of a community rarely, if ever, adopt a standard of morals higher than is required by public opinion and the laws. From time to time, a few individuals step forth (never from the ranks of 'chief priests' or 'rulers') and strive with honest zeal to establish new doctrines, at variance with the prejudices and apparent interests of society. Through obloquy, persecution, and perhaps through death itself, the idea that came from Heaven into the mind of one chosen messenger, gradually becomes the idea of a majority; and the standard of public opinion is changed.We are apt to feel surprised that the pure and meek Jesus met with such a reception from the Jews; it seems to us as if we should feel ourselves at the very gates of Heaven, if we could but see him, and listen with our own ears to his blessed precepts;— but should he again come among us in the humble disguise of a carpenter's son, should he eat with a class more despised than the publicans of old, should a belief in his doctrines lead to imprisonment, torture, and death, instead of being, as it now is, a badge of respectability, what proportion of his professed followers would continue his adherents? What effect, think you, such a test would have on the price of pews?When we hear all the civilized world eulogizing the abolition of the slave trade, we are apt to think that good men must always have abhorred that abominable traffic; but such a conclusion is very unphilosophical; for if all good men had heartily abhorred it, it could never have been legalized. The pious John Newton continued in the trade some time after he became religious; and though he has recorded his gratitude when 'God opened another door' for him to obtain a living, yet (if I mistake not) he speaks of 'sweet seasons of communion with his God,' at the very time that he was on the coast of Africa engaged in the slave trade.Fifty years ago, many of the most respectable mercantile houses in N. England, were openly engaged in this wicked business, without any sense of shame; for neither the laws nor public 'opinion were outraged. When the Rev. Mr. Hollis, of Hollis St. church, Boston, ventured to preach a sermon against the slave trade, some of his rich parishioners took it as a personal insult; and (as 'gentlemen of property and standing' now do, in the same church, when their minister makes remarks against the slave system) informed him that he must discontinue that style of preaching, if he wanted to keep his parish.Plain as the guilt of the slave-trade now is to every man, woman, and child, it was not so in the time of Clarkson. The rich slave-trading merchants in Bristol and Liverpool hated him as intensely as the Georgians now hate Garrison. He was loudly accused of being a French revolutionist, and of seeking to promote negro insurrection. Plots were laid against his life; and during a struggle of twenty years, every conceivable obstacle was put in his way, that could be devised by talent, wealth, and strong political influence.Hear the following remarks from Boswell, the biographers of Johnson, a worshiper of the genteel classes of society, and the echo of their opinions: 'I beg leave to enter my most solemn protest against Dr. Johnson's general doctrine with respect to the slave trade. I will resolutely say that his unfavorable notion of it was owing to prejudice, and imperfect or false information. The wild and dangerous attempt, which has for some time been persisted in to obtain an act of our Legislature to abolish so very important and necessary a branch of commercial interest, must have been crushed at once, had not the insignificance of the zealots, who vainly took the lead in it, made the vast body of planters, merchants, and others, whose immense properties are involved in that trade, reasonably enough suppose that there could be no danger. The encouragement which the attempt has received excites my wonder and indignation; and though some men of superior abilities have supported it, (whether from a love of temporary popularity when prosperous, or a love of general mischief when desperate) my opinion is unshaken. To abolish a status which in all ages God has sanctioned, and man continued, would not only be robbery to an innumerable class of our fellow-subjects, but it would be extreme cruelty to African savages, a portion of whom it saves from massacre, or intolerable bondage in their own country, and introduces into a much happier state of life; especially now, when their passage to the West Indies, and their treatment there, is humanely regulated. To abolish that Trade would be to shut the gates of mercy on mankind.'Men are now branded as pirates, and hung, for engaging in that trade which Boswell calls 'the gate of mercy.' How long before as general and decided a change takes place in public opinion, with regard to the slave system, of which the trade is only an incidental part?   we   had   slave trade, system   twenty years,   wild dangerous important and necessary a branch of commercial interest, insignificance God has sanctioned,   system,  

 SENATOR MORRIS. This fearless champion of liberty and genuine friend of humanity deserves something better than a statue of gold at the hands of his countrymen. We have received his speech in reply to Mr. Clay, on the subject of slavery in the District of Columbia, and shall lay it all before our readers next week. It occupies ten columns of the Washington Globe, and will of course be circulated through all the southern States. It is an able and most triumphant rejoinder, and puts Mr. Clay to open shame.— (See an imperfect sketch of it in another column.)    

          MR. EDITOR— One of the most interesting trials took place in this county on Thursday of last week, which has occurred here for a long time, some account of which will probably be acceptable to your readers. It was in the case of the People vs. La Roy Sunderland, for libel. The trial took place at Genesee on the 31st ult. and occupied the whole of the day.The indictment, it seems, was founded on complaint of David A. Miller, of Mount Morris, a year ago last June. It grew out of an account which Mr. Sunderland published of a mob which took place in Mount Morris, two years ago next March. It seems that Miller was afraid to risk the case in the hands of the District Attorney, and hence he engaged J. Young, Esq. to assist in the case. Mr. Sunderland appeared in his own defence, and conducted his case himself, with the assistance of a few legal suggestions made by Esq. Hastings. It was a novel sight, I assure you, to see the defendant, surrounded as he was by the lawyers and spectators, examining the witnesses and making his own defence, which, as the sequel proved, was a most triumphant one. Mr. Young, who plead against him, declared that it had never been his privilege to hear a more forcible, logical and eloquent appeal to a jury than that delivered by Mr. S. on that occasion. Indeed, he said the defendant needed no assistance, and Esq. A., an anti-abolitionist of Genesee, declared after the trial, a more able defense of any case had never been made in the county, than Mr. S. made of himself. He carried the jury and the spectators with him. The case excited great interest in the place; during the trial, the court-house was full, and on one occasion he was cheered by the spectators. The charge of Judge Smith to the jury was luminous and excellent. A number of the jury, I am told, were strong anti-abolitionists. After retiring about an hour, they returned a verdict of Not Guilty, which, as near as I can learn, is approved by all parties, without the exception of a single individual. The trial has done much to promote the anti-slavery cause in this county.        Yours for the slave,    Lima, N.Y., Feb. 3, 1839.    H.F.     

 Another petition, praying our legislature for the repeal of all laws of this Commonwealth, making a distinction among the citizens on account of color, has been signed and sent in, by the ladies of Dorchester, and presented by Mr. Bradburn, a representative from Nantucket, who made an able and eloquent address on introducing the subject, particularly on account of the low and scurrilous attempts, which had been made to render the signers of a former petition ridiculous. Messrs. Greenleaf of Bradford, and Thayer of Braintree, two among the weakest and most intolerably annoying members of the House, undertook to answer Mr. Bradburn, and to be very witty, but failed altogether. Have the people of Bradford no better man than this Greenleaf? Will they send him another year? Lynn Record.   Lynn Record.  

        On Friday night an inquest was taken before Mr. P.F. Currie, the coroner for this borough, on 28 persons found on the wreck of the Lockwoods. The course of events, up to the time when the survivors left the ship, was detailed by the chief mate and Edmund Tompkins, a mariner. Peter Roberts, an Irishman, belonging to Hoylake, deposed that on Thursday morning, he and others went, in a boat, to the Lockwoods. On the top of the poop deck they found 21 dead bodies— men, women, and children. The bodies were in all positions, some lying and some sitting up. Two other bodies were found on the main deck. They brought all the bodies, 23 in number, to Liverpool. They were taken to the work-house. When they left the wreck, there were two or three more bodies in the vessel, but so jammed in the rigging that they could not remove them.Joshua Howell, clerk to the commissioner of police, stated that he went on Thursday to the wreck of the Lockwoods, and found there two dead bodies, those of a woman and a boy, in the starboard mizzen rigging. Owing to the tide being nearly at its height, they could not discover any more bodies. He brought the two which he found to Liverpool. They were taken to the work-house.James Dowdall, governor of the work-house, deposed that on Thursday the bodies of 10 males, the apparent ages of whom were as follows: Two from 60 to 70 years of age; one, 50 to 55; two, 20 to 25; two, 15 to 17; one, 12 to 14; and two, 6 to 8; also the bodies of 15 females, two of whom appeared to be between 60 and 70; seven between 25 and 35; one, 14 or 16; one 12 or 14; and four, apparently between the ages of three and eight months— in all 25 bodies, were brought to the work-house.— Liverpool paper.      Liverpool paper.   

 A master in the parish of St. James, (La.,) undertaking to correct his slave, the latter plunged a knife through his heart, killing him on the spot.    

 A citizen of Vicksburgh, Mississippi, has invented a piece of machinery to save power in the propelling of steamboats. The Sentinel says that its application to steamboat navigation will prove one of the most important inventions of the day, as it will save nearly three-fourths of the fuel at present consumed in the generation of steam.     

            In making the following address to you in our official capacity as the Managers of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, we solicit your candid attention. Of the motives which impel us to take this step, we aver nothing. Neither do we make any new professions of attachment to the anti-slavery cause. If it be true, that 'actions speak louder than words,' then words— mere declarations— are of little worth. If we have not, in time past, commended ourselves to your confidence by our fidelity of purpose and clearness of vision, it is too late now to attempt to secure it. The perfect unanimity which was manifested, at the late annual meeting of the State Society, in our re-election as a Board of Managers to watch over the interests of the cause in which we are all so deeply interested, satisfies us that unwavering reliance is placed upon our judgment, vigilance and integrity, by the abolitionists of Massachusetts. That there may exist, in some minds, dissatisfaction as to the complexion and efficiency of the Board, is not improbable; though it does not yet appear in any tangible form. Until it be made manifest, we feel authorized to believe that we represent your views, feelings and wishes, both in regard to the management of the State Society, and its relation to the Parent Society. We feel that the responsibilities imposed upon us are not to be coveted, and shall be glad to transfer them to others who are better qualified to discharge them than ourselves, at the earliest opportunity.The circumstances in which we find ourselves placed, at the present time, as your representatives, are not less unpleasant than peculiar. We proceed to detail them for your consideration, with the almost frankness, and with a yearning desire that we may mutually apprehend what duty requires of us as the professed friends and advocates of bleeding humanity.Agreeably to a plan recommended at the annual meeting of the American Anti-Slavery Society in May last, your Board agreed to undertake the management of the Anti-Slavery cause within this State for one year, as an experiment. The sum that was paid directly into the treasury of the Parent Society by Massachusetts during the year ending May 1, 1838, amounted to $10,643, 18, exclusive of the expense of collecting it. In determining upon the sum to be pledged, under the new arrangement, your Board could decide only upon the probabilities of the case; and, judging from what had been accomplished during that period, we felt warranted in pledging to the Parent Society, for the year ending May 1, 1839, the sum of $10,000— $2000 to be paid on the 1st of August, $3000 on the 1st of November, $2500 on the 1st of February, and $2500 on the 1st of May— over and above the expense attending its collection. It was expressly stipulated, that whatever money was contributed to the treasury of the Parent Society from this State, whether directly or indirectly, whether obtained by the agents of the Parent or State Society, should be credited as a part of the $10,000.In order to carry out this arrangement with all due punctuality, a PLAN OF OPERATIONS was drawn up by the General Agent of the Society, (A.A. Phelps,) for the guidance of the various auxiliary societies, which was sanctioned by the Board, and seemed well adapted to secure the end in view. Owing to various causes, however, (some of which were not foreseen,) the Society has been unable to redeem its pledge to that extent, and with that punctuality, which the Board anticipated. On the 1st of February, there was due the Parent Society $3680. An additional sum of $2500 will fall due on the 1st of May next: making in the aggregate, $6180, necessary to redeem the entire pledge.A few days previous to the late annual meeting in Boston, a delegation (consisting of Messrs. Leavitt and Stanton) was sent from New-York by the Executive Committee of the Parent Society, to confer with your Board respecting the fulfilment of the pledge. The result of this interview was, the adoption of the following vote:'Voted, That this Board request the Executive Committee of the A.A.S.S. to send their agents into this State, and take any other measures they may deem best, to collect the amount due on the pledge made by this Society, and to become due on the 1st of Feb. next, with the expenses of raising the same, and remit the whole to the Treasurer of the Society, under the promise that the same shall be immediately and wholly remitted to New-York; and in the collecting of the same, they be authorized to receive the amount of pledges hitherto made to this Society.'Previous to this, the Board had passed a similar vote, requesting Mr. Stanton (who was then lecturing in this State) to act as financial agent for the Parent Society, the State Society engaging to pay him his salary and travelling expenses pro tem.Believing that with this new arrangement the Executive Committee at New York would be satisfied, and that, by a harmonious co-operation on the part of the agents of the State and Parent Societies, the sums due and unpaid on the 1st of February would be speedily liquidated, your Board felt greatly relieved in their minds, on this subject; especially as it was expressly declared by Mr. Leavitt at the annual meeting in January, that the Parent Society would not interfere with the management of our cause in this Commonwealth. To our surprise, a letter was laid before us on the 13th instant, signed by Messrs. Leavitt, Tappan and Birney, stating in substance that the Executive Committee considered the relation hitherto subsisting between the two societies as at an end, and that they had appointed financial agents for this Commonwealth, to collect as much money as possible, independent of our control or advice! This procedure we considered extremely unfair and discourteous. It seemed to us a hostile movement, which boded no good to the unity of the cause in this State. Even allowing that, by the terms of the agreement, the relation was to continue no longer than the quarterly instalments should be punctually paid; still, an act of nullification so abrupt and violent, (especially in view of the liberal arrangement we had proposed to the Executive Committee,) and so near the time when the relation would cease by its own limitation, could not, in our view, be justified on any pretext whatever. The refusal of the Committee to acknowledge the existence of the State Society, and of our own as a Board of Managers, even in form, and their avowed determination to take the management of our concerns into their own hands, were certainly calculated to excite the suspicion, that we were regarded by them with indifference, if not with alienated feelings.Anxious, if possible, to avoid even the slightest collision with the Parent Society, we immediately deputed three of the Board, (Measrs. Phillips, Chapman and Philbrick,) to visit New-York, and confer with the Executive Committee, carrying with them a letter of instructions from us, in relation to this unpleasant affair. Mr. Philbrick not being able to fulfil his appointment, the delegation consisted of Messrs. Phillips and Chapman. They obtained an interview with the Committee, and stated the objections which lay in the minds of this Board against the course decided upon by that body. But their arguments and remonstrances availed nothing. No decision was then taken by the Committee, in form; but, at a subsequent meeting held on the 21st inst. they decided that they could not alter their determination, though 'most sincerely regretting that there should be a difference of opinion between the Committee and the Massachusetts Board.'In justice to the Committee, we give their reasons why they are no longer disposed to regard the contract as binding between the parties. They say, in a Circular* which they have issued for distribution in this State—The amount which the Massachusetts Board had 'guaranteed' to pay to this Society by the first of February, just passed, was $7500. Of that sum, but $3920 have been received, leaving $3680 due to this Society. From recent consultations had with the Massachusetts Board, we are fully authorized in saying, that the Board will not be able to pay this sum, much less the additional sum of $2500 in fall due on the first of May next; nor do we believe it will be received from the abolitionists of Massachusetts, unless the Executive Committee of the American Society send their own agents into that field to raise it. To the adoption of this latter course, they feel impelled by a sense of the duties they owe the slave. They feel constrained to abandon this 'arrangement' for the following, among other, reasons:1. It works badly for this Society. Much the greater part of the $3920                pro tem.   even in form,       unless the Executive Committee of the American Society send their own agents into that field to raise it.    received from Massachusetts, has been raised at the expense of this Society, as the following statement shows. It was collected as follows:  (1.) By individuals and societies, and sent directly to the Treasury of this Society, and, in the collection of which, the Massachusetts Society took no part,$471 12  (2.) By the 'Cent-a-week Societies,' thro' the labors of N. Southard, who is employed and paid by the American Society,271 05  (3.) By the direct labors of Messrs. O. Scott, Ichabod Codding, and H.B. Stanton, who were employed and paid by the American Society, 812 42  (4.) By Isaac Winslow and H.B. Stanton, at New Bedford, for circulating Thome and Kimball's journal,750 00   (5.) Received of the Treasurer of the Massachusetts Society, $1616,24,— $500 of which was collected by Messrs. Stanton, Tillson, and Thompson,— the former employed by the American Society;— and $500 of which were paid by the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society, on condition that Mr. Stanton would deliver an address before them and solicit pledges, which he did. Total,$3920 83   Thus, of the $3920, received from Massachusetts since this arrangement was entered into, only about $1000 at the utmost, have been raised by the Massachusetts Society. Nearly all the residue has been raised by the American Society. We ask any candid man, if this is 'carrying out the plan' as contemplated by the resolution of the Annual Meeting?** And is it not suicidal for this Society to pursue such a 'plan' any longer2. It works badly for both Societies, and for the liberality of Massachusetts abolitionism. By the report of the Treasurer of the Massachusetts Society, just published, it appears, that there was paid into its treasury during the past year $5777. Since the anniversary of the American Society in May last, there has been received into our treasury from Massachusetts (deducting the $1616, received directly from the treasury of the Massachusetts Society, and which is included in the above $5777) $2304, making a sum total of $8081, received by both Societies. Under the old arrangement, there was received, during the year ending in 1838, into the treasury of the Massachusetts Society, $6637; and, from May 1837 to February 1838, there was received into the treasury of the American Society from Massachusetts (no part of which was received from the Massachusetts Society) $9518. Making a sum total of $16,185, received by both Societies. Thus, under the old arrangement, the abolitionists of Massachusetts contributed, during a definite period of time, to the National and State Societies, a sum larger by $8104, than they have contributed under the new plan! What stronger proof do we need of the worse than inutility of this new arrangement?*** Therefore the arrangement entered into between the Societies, being, in consequence of the failure of the Massachusetts Board to 'carry out' their part of it, null and void, are not the Executive Committee of the Parent Society wise in abandoning it, and taking other measures to raise the money which the abolitionists of your liberal and liberty loving Commonwealth, are able and no doubt willing to contribute to this cause?To the above presentation of the case we object—1. That it wears an invidious aspect upon its face. According to our agreement, it matters not how much or how little of the total amount received from Massachusetts has come through the treasury of the State Society. When the Board pledged the sum of $10,000 to the Parent Society, we expected that both individuals and societies, in many cases, would send their money directly to New-York; and we accordingly made it a condition to the redemption of the pledge, that every dollar obtained from this State, in any manner, by the Parent Society, should go towards redeeming the pledge. The first four items, therefore, in the above extract, are needlessly separated from the last, and obviously for effect.2. That Mr. Southard, at an early period, when it could not be known whether the Society would be able to redeem its pledge or not, requested and obtained permission of the Board to form 'Cent-a-week Societies, in such parts of the State as he might think proper. It was a voluntary movement, and not rendered necessary by any remissness on the part of the Society.3. That the Board expected much more aid from Mr. Stanton and other agents of the Parent Society, (in case their services should be needed,) in collecting funds, than they have received; otherwise, they would not have felt warranted in promising so large a sum as $10,000.4. That the statement made with regard to the $500 paid by the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society, is wholly erroneous— as their donation was neither raised nor paid in consequence of any address from Mr. Stanton.5. That from the sum of $6637 received by the Massachusetts Society under the old arrangement during the year ending in 1838, the receipts on account of the Liberator, amounting to $1000, must be deducted, which would proportionably reduce the total amount raised in the State.6. That more money has probably been spent by local societies, and in the establishment of libraries, &c. than during any preceding year.7. That, in consequence of the neutral course pursued by the New York Executive. Committee and their organ the Emancipator, at the time of the 'Clerical Appeal' controversy, the confidence of many abolitionists in the Parent Society has become weakened, and their money been withheld from its treasury; while, on the other hand, others have been led, by feelings growing out of that transaction, to withhold their contributions from the treasury of the State Society. This accounts, to some extent at least, for the disparity which is seen in the receipts of both societies for the years 1837 and 1838. What can be expected where confidence is shaken, and sectarian jealousy awakened? What but a falling off, naturally, both on the score of liberality and of effort, on both sides?8. That, granting that a large portion of our pledge remains to be redeemed, and that the Executive Committee feel called upon imperatively to make strenuous efforts to raise the money necessary for this purpose, there is no valid reason presented why the offer made by the Board to the Executive Committee should not be accepted, and thus the form, if not the spirit of the relation be kept up till the annual meeting of the Parent Society in May, so that there may be no collision between the two societies.9. That, notwithstanding every other drawback, our pledge would unquestionably have been met, had it not been for the unusual amount of time and labor which it has been deemed all-important to expend upon political action, especially in the Fourth District. The most favorable season for delivering public lectures, and collecting funds, is during the fall and winter months; but the political struggle in that District has occupied nearly all this season, (and yet remains undecided,) very much to the hindrance of systematic pecuniary efforts on the part of our agents. We have expressed to the Executive Committee at New-York our confident belief, that the same amount of labor, which has been expended upon that District, would have resulted in the collection of all the money now due the Parent Society; nay, that Mr. Stanton alone could have raised the necessary amount.In a subsequent letter addressed to the Board, the Executive Committee argue in favor of a dissolution of the relation between the Parent and State Societies, as follows:'We suppose, as a general principle, that people are not likely to give as much money to a State Society as to a National Society; and this, we apprehend, corresponds with the experience of benevolent societies generally. The larges the claim presented, the larger will be the contribution.'To this reasoning the Board would reply, that, under the present relation, a two-fold claim is presented to the abolitionists of Massachusetts, including all the wants both of the Parent and State Societies. Will the motive to contribute be strengthened by presenting the claims of the Parent Society alone? Again: The argument, if carried out to its legitimate consequences, is virtually to this effect— that the State Society is and can be of very little consequence; that the New-York Executive Committee are alone competent to determine what is the wisest course to be pursued in furtherance of the Anti Slavery cause, for all parts of the country; that they are to be regardless of the views and wishes of those who are entrusted with the management of the State auxiliaries; and that it will be good policy to give them a monopoly of the anti-slavery funds, and, of course, to have the control of the great body of lecturing and financial agents, and of all the anti-slavery publications.The danger of entrusting the momentous interests of our sacred cause to the almost exclusive control of any Executive Committee, however upright or numerous, is argued at some length in the Annual Report, extracts from which are contained in the Liberator of the 22d instant, and to which we would invite the special attention of Massachusetts abolitionists. No local body of men ought to desire or be permitted to assume responsibilities, which should be every where distributed among the auxiliary associations. In the language of the Report— 'What changes shall be made in the Executive Committee, it is impossible to foresee. In the course of events, another class of men, less faithful and single-hearted, may peradventure hold the reins of government, who, at a favorable moment, will not hesitate to abuse their power. If such a body should have a monopoly of Anti-Slavery funds, and the appointment and control of the agents engaged in the cause, throughout the several States, it is easy to see how readily they might usurp authority, and essentially change the aspect of our unpopular movement. Both Church and State are in league to crush us. What they cannot do by fair means, they will try to accomplish by foul. They will endorse our principles as sound in the abstract, and so avow themselves to be abolitionists, that they may gradually change our measures. The power of the abolition enterprise should remain with the many, not be lodged with the few. We shall have good cause to be very jealous, very watchful, very anxious, to the end of this great controversy.'The delegation sent to New York were instructed to say, that, in case the wishes of the Board were disregarded, we should feel ourselves compelled to make a public PROTEST against the doings of the Executive Committee; and we do accordingly make such protest, in behalf of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society.1. Because when the agreement was made as to the payment of $10,000, it was not supposed by this Board that such agreement would be considered null and void on the failure of the Society punctually to meet its quarterly payments. We did not expect to have the relation broken up before the experiment had been fully tried. If, on the first of May, we had come short, then a different arrangement might have been made in perfect harmony. Such pledges are not to be regarded in the same light as mercantile contracts.2. Because we believe that, by a united and vigorous effort, the sums now due may be collected, and the entire pledge redeemed according to promise: therefore, it is neither courteous nor fair, in our opinion, abruptly to proclaim that the relation is ended, within two months of the time when it would expire by its own limitation.3. Because we have repeatedly, and with entire unanimity, expressed a willingness that the Executive Committee should send into the State their financial agents, at our expense, with the single condition that they should labor under the direction of this Board, and in conformity to the connexion subsisting between the two societies.4. Because in refusing to act in accordance with the wishes of this Board,— KNOWING THAT, BY PERSISTING IN THEIR COURSE, A COLLISION WOULD FOLLOW,— the Committee show that they are not careful to preserve the harmony that ought to exist between the Parent Society and its auxiliaries, and are reckless of consequences.Under these unpleasant circumstances, we feel that no other alternative is left us than to lay these statements before the abolitionists of Massachusetts, and to call upon them to decide, in their individual and associated capacity, whether they are ready to make the State Society a mere cypher; and whether they can sanction the proceedings of the New York Executive Committee. If they think there is no just cause for complaint, on our part; if they are in favor of giving up the control of the anti-slavery cause in Massachusetts into the hands of a distant committee; if they are satisfied that the State organization is of no consequence, and that we, as a Board, should have no voice either in the appointment or control of the agents who may labor in this State; if, in fine, they prefer returning to the old plan, that they may be annoyed and perplexed by the conflicting claims upon the liberality of the State and Parent Societies; then they will take no action upon our appeal, except to bestow censure upon us, and to award praise to the Executive Committee at New-York. ----- But, if they are in favor of maintaining the relation of the two societies until it expire by its own limitation in May; if they think that our offers to that Committee have been fair and liberal; if they consider that the control of agents laboring in this State justly belongs to the Board; and if they are in favor of dividing the immense responsibilities of the anti-slavery cause, and not of entrusting them solely to some dozen individuals in New-York; then they will rally around the State Society, and see to it that their contributions, intended for the redemption of their pledge to the Parent Society, BE PAID INTO THE STATE TREASURY, rather than to the financial agents sent here by the Executive Committee without the concurrence of this Board.We earnestly desire that this pledge may be redeemed without delay; but it ought to be done in the form and manner prescribed under the relation agreed upon in May last. Much yet remains to be done to abolitionize this Commonwealth. All eyes are turned to Massachusetts as the pioneer State in the cause of human liberty. Without funds, the State Society can have no agents; and without agents, it will be powerless, and had better cease to exist. For ourselves, we shall rejoice to give place to better men as a Board of Managers; but, while we are called to maintain our present responsible trust, we shall feel bound to lift up a voice of remonstrance, of warning, or of encouragement, from time to time, as the exigencies of our holy cause may seem to require.        invidious                             punctually to meet its quarterly payments.            We earnestly desire that this pledge may be redeemed without delay;    FRANCIS JACKSON,ELLIS GRAY LORING,WM. LLOYD GARRISON,JOSHUA V. HIMES,JOSEPH SOUTHWICK,WILLIAM BASSETT,JOHN T. HILTON,SAMUEL E. SEWALL,WENDELL PHILLIPS,SAMUEL PHILBRICK,CHARLES FOLLEN,HENRY G. CHAPMAN,EDMUND QUINCY,OLIVER JOHNSON,DAVID H. ELA,            Managers of the Mass. Anti-Slavery Society. Managers of the Mass. Anti-Slavery Society.   BOSTON, Feb. 27, 1839.   * This Circular is dated Feb. 11— more than a week previous to the visit of our delegation; yet the fact that it was printed (and probably sent forth) at that time, was carefully kept from their knowledge by the Committee! Surely, such conduct is not marked by that openness and frankness which should ever prevail among brethren.    ** It was not understood that the American Society was to be subjected to the trouble and expense of collecting any part of the $10,000— much less that it was to raise the greater portion of it, or fail to receive it all!*** It should be borne in mind, that this greater sum was raised during the time of 'the pressure,' when almost the whole country was writhing under a universal bankruptcy.      

 INSURRECTIONARY. The Baton Rouge Gazette informs us, on the authority of a gentleman from Iberville, that a person named the Marquis de St. Souplet, had stated that he had been applied to by some slaves to aid in an insurrection, which they said would take place during the holidays. He added that they offered to make him a Gen. The informant stated that the individual had been arrested, but afterwards decamped.A vigilant patrol has been kept up in that parish, and tranquillity prevails.       

       Addressed to the Female Anti-Slavery Societies of the United States.    BELOVED FRIENDS AND FELLOW LABORERS— The rapidly passing months admonish us that it is time to commence our arrangements for our annual Convention, which is to be held, according to adjournment, in this city, in May next. We affectionately invite you to assemble here on Wednesday, the 8th day of that month, when we shall rejoice to welcome you to our hearts and our homes. In selecting this day for the opening of our Convention, we have endeavored to consult the convenience of our distant friends, as well as our own, and to avoid interference with other anniversaries which occur during the same month. We trust that the unpleasant and painful circumstances in which we met last year, have not dismayed your hearts nor weakened your hands, and that the real and energy which were then displayed, are unabated in your bosoms, and with increased strength and fervor will characterize our approaching Convention. Those circumstances would have taught us, if we had not learned it before, that patience and fortitude, as well as courage and zeal, are requisite to the successful prosecution of our work. Endowed with these and all other needed graces, and panoplied with prayer, let us, dear sisters, come together, in large numbers, to devise plans of more efficient action in behalf of the slaver. It is, doubtless, our mutual and fervent desire that our meeting may be conducted in a manner worthy of its cause, and that its results may be instrumental in shortening by at least a few brief days, the long and bitter period' of our brethren's bondage. We will hope that such may be its fruits; we cannot doubt, while we remember the experience of the past, that it will bring good to our own souls. By mutual sympathy, counsel, and prayer, we may, at least, renew our strength to go on our future way. There are many reasons that we might urge, but which you may easily conceive[ ] why our Convention should not be inferior to the last, in point of numbers, or in other respects. We trust that you will not suffer it to be so. But you need not entreaty or argument from us, for you have, with us, a common interest in the cause of the slave, and in the results of our Convention. It is your Convention; the Convention of the anti-slavery women of America.We shall be happy to receive from you any suggestions respecting preliminary arrangements, and hope that you will communicate freely with us. Let your delegations be large and appointed in season. If possible, let us have a representation from all the free states. In conclusion, allow us to assure you that all our anti-slavery sisters, who are inclined to come up to this convocation, whether delegates from societies or not, from the North or the South, will meet with a cordial reception from our members.Signed on behalf of the Philadelphia Female Anti-Slavery Society. in large numbers, your        SARAH PUGH, President.MARY GREW, Cor. Secretary. President.  Cor. Secretary.   Editors of anti-slavery papers, and others friendly to the cause of the slave, are requested to insert the above circular.    

 Shall Principles be Sacrificed to Numbers?— There is a large class of persons who will come into the [ ] of reform— if you will sacrifice the reformers. One portion of them will come into the churches, if you will thrust out the teachers of vital godliness. One portion of them will join the Temperance Society, you will cut off those who go too fast and too far.Another portion will unite with the Anti-Slavery Society, if you will abjure all those who have the consciousness to call slaveholding man-stealing, and acquire those who are quilty of it to repent. Now, saying nothing about the cruelty and [ ] of the procedure, what would be gained to the cause by the exchange? I say, nothing. Because principles which God will support, are stronger than those which go in their own strength. A single, [ ] , armed with the truth of God, is stronger than a host, clad with a miserable armor of their own [ ].— Brandon Telegraph.   Shall Principles be Sacrificed to Numbers?— There if   nothing. Brandon Telegraph.  

     CAPE HAYTIEN, January 14th, 1839.    TO WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON:SIR— I am desired to inform you of the decease of your agent, Mr. ANTHONY POTTERHe died on the 5th inst. after a protracted illness, which he bore with exemplary patience and christian fortitude, aged 56. Mr. Potter was a native of Swansey, Mass. Having spent a considerable part of his life in Boston, there are many who will probably recur with mournful pleasure to his quiet, faithful, and active course, while in your city.During his residence here, he was an example to the natives of this Island, and especially so to the numerous emigrants from America. In his removal, the community have lost an industrious and a worthy citizen— his family a kind husband and an affectionate father          Yours, respectfullyM.H.B       

 'CONCERNING THE OFFICE OF ATTORNEY GENERAL.' A Bill under this dark and portentous heading has recently been reported to the House, in the proceedings of which, on Thursday last, we perceive the third petition, proposing to raise the salary to $1800, was struck out. The Honorable J.T. Austin is too well known in Massachusetts to obtain an enlargement of his salary. His infamous Menagerie and tyger speech in Faneuil Hall on the death of Lovejoy, in which, he held that the defenders of the liberty of the press or of a printing office, were as bad as those who attacked it in a body [ ] armis, clearly showed what kind of a Peace officer he was, and stamped with an indelible brand upon his character.— The good of the Commonwealth requires, that the disorganizer should be out of the office, and a better man in.— [ ]ord.   [ ]ord.  

        You inquire, in the last Liberator, why I dodged the question of voting on the annual report. I contend with no man, who attacks me in a manner he is ashamed to be responsible for; and in relation to which, he dodges responsibility, by refusing-to sign. his name. To get behind a veil, sir, to attack another for occupying a similar position, is the old method of thieves, who set up the cry, 'stop thief,' while they made off with the stolen property. To-hide behind a fictitious signature, to accuse a man of cowardice, is contemptible. When you, sir, will come out like a man, and sign your name to your article, I will answer your questionA. ST. CLAIR     

 Extract of a letter published in the Journal Commercial, of Pointe a Petre, Guadaloupe, 16th January, 1839.'St. Pierre, Mart. Jan. 12.— You have undoubtedly heard of the dreadful calamity which has befallen our unfortunate country, already so much to be pitied in every respect. The disasters of yesterday are incalculable. There is not a single house in St. Pierre that must not be rebuilt or entirely repaired. We have lost but two persons, who were crushed under the remains, and about 20 were wounded. But Fort Royal was completely laid even with the ground, as we have heard of it in the history of Herculaneum, Pompeii, Messina. Not one fourth of the city has yet been searched, and they have already found 522 dead bodies. The hospital at Fort Royal is likewise destroyed, and all the sick therein perished'       

 MORTALITY IN THE WEST INDIES. A report from a British medical officer attached to the army has been lately published in England, and has elicited some startling facts relative to the mortality of the troops stationed in the West India Islands. By this report it appears that in 30 years, more than 30,000 soldiers have perished by the yellow fever and other epidemics peculiar to these islands— Consequently, in the short space of time, more than four times the whole force has been cut off by disease alone, and the average duration of every soldier has been only seven years and a half.     

 The death of Mrs. McLean, formerly Miss Landen, and perhaps better known as L.E.L. is confirmed. She was found dead on the floor of her room, with a vial of prussic acid in her hand, and the jury gave as a verdict that she had probably taken an overdose of spasms of the stomach, to which she was subject, and which were re-excited by the change of climate— her husband, it appears, suffered at the same time.   prussic acid   

       A splendid hand-writing obtained in twelve lessons!    'I have examined several writing books of Mr. Tift's scholars, and have no hesitation in saying that in all I have seen, great improvement is manifested.'— FRANCIS BAYLIES.MR. J.Y. TIFT respectfully informs the inhabitants of the city of Boston, that he has opened an Academy, at the corner of Tremont and Howard streets, (near Concert Hall) to instruct in the art of Writing. All those who aspire to become elegant writers, must make immediate application. Success guaranteedTERMS— Children under 12 years, $3; over 12 and under 16,$5; Ladies and Gentlemen of all ages, $10— in advanceCLASSES— Ladies' from 9 A.M. to 12 M., from 4 P.M. to 6 P.M. exclusively. Gentlemen's from 2 P.M. to 4 P.M., and from 7 P.M. to 10 P.MN.B. Mr. Tift respectfully solicits the poor of the city to attend at 5 o'clock, P.M. 'GRATIS.' 3t Feb. 15.          

        IS a weekly Anti-Slavery paper, devoted exclusively to the discussion of Slavery, and its abolition, published in the city of Boston, by GEORGE RUSSELL, for an Association of Abolitionists, and afforded to subscribers for $1 per year, payable in all cases in advance. Office of the publisher, 22 Washington-St. The 'Abolitionist' will be well printed, on a medium sheet, will advocate both moral and political action, and will be edited under the direction of a Committee, till May, when it is expected that ELIZUR WRIGHT, JR. ESQ., now one of the Secretaries of the American Anti-Slavery Society, will become its Editor.       BOSTON, February 12, 1839.  

       GOULD, KENDALL & LINCOLN, have in press, and will publish about the first of March, Malcom's Travels in Burmah, Hindostan, Malaya, Siam and China, in 1 vol. 8 vo. and 2 vols. 12 mo. — with a superb original map of South-eastern Asia— five steel plate engravings and almost 100 wood cuts.   

       CONTAINING the TARIFF OF DUTIES altered for 13.28. Also, the City Officers of Boston, Salem and [ ] The State Legislature, Judges. Counsellors, Attorneys, Sheriffs and their Deputies, Justices, Notaries, [ ], Clergy, Physicians, Militia, Charitable and Literary Institutions. Banks and Insurance Companies, Masters in Chancery, United States Congress. Army and Navy, &c. For sale by JAMES LORING, 132 Washington Street. Also for sale. Goodwin's Town Officer, revised by Thomas.Feb. 8.     

       JUST published, and for sale at 25, Cornhill. Martyrs of the United States. by Harriet Martineau; continuing Notices of the prominent Abolitionists in this country. Garrison, Miss Grimke, May, Tappan. Amos Dresser, Chapman, Lovejoy, Adams, &c. Price 25 cents.    

        TWENTY-FIVE new pattern Shell Victoria Combs with and without ornaments, for sale at wholesale or retail, at JORDAN'S, Comb Store, No. 2, Milk Street 2 doors from Washington street. Feb. 1.   

 LADIES IN THE COUNTRY WILL FIND IT to their advantage to send their old Combs, for sale or exchange, to JORDAN'S No. 2, Milk street, 2nd door from Washington street, where they will find over one thousand patterns from which to choose, and at the lowest prices. Feb 1.     

 TO LET— 3 Rooms in a brick house, at Fruit street, No. 12. There are on the premises great conveniences for rain-water. Rent very low. Inquire on the premises.      JAMES B. BARBADOES.    Boston, Jan. 25, 1839.   

        JUST RECEIVED, at the Boston Tea Store Court street, sign of the Hong Merchant, a few barrels of free labour Sugar, a beautiful article. Also, Labour Sugar and Molasses, together with a very choice selection of goods, usually kept in a first rate General Store.N.B. Gentlemen or Ladies from the country, entering the city, will find it for their particular advantage to call at the above store, as articles will be sold at lowest cash prices, either at wholesale or retail. Orders from the country will receive prompt attentionBoston, Jan. 25, 1839. Boston Tea Store Hong Merchant, free labour first rate        

          No. 50 North Fifth st. one door above Arch st. Philadelphia.Orders from a distance punctually attended to. Sept. 28.          

       THE SUBSCRIBER manufactures LADIES' Bags AND SHOES, of superior quality, and will supply them on reasonable terms.He intends entirely to avoid the use of materials produced by the unrequited labor of the slave.      WM. BASSETT.      Lynn, Mass., 11 mo. 9, 1838.   

