 I send you the following letter, that I may make known to you, and through you to the world, that the cause of the slave is not yet forgotten among us. A little more than a year ago, the people of Abington generally seemed to be anti-slavery; but when the trial came, and they were called upon to act out their anti-slavery at the ballot-box, the most of them were found wanting, and with one consent began to make excuse, like the men represented by Christ, who were bidden to the marriage feast: proving, beyond a doubt, that that which seemed to be was not. I send you the following letter, that I may make known to you, and through you to the world, that the cause of the slave is not yet forgotten among us. A little more than a year ago, the people of Abington generally seemed to be anti-slavery; but when the trial came, and they were called upon to act out their anti-slavery at the ballot-box, the most of them were found wanting, and with one consent began to make excuse, like the men represented by Christ, who were bidden to the marriage feast: proving, beyond a doubt, that that which seemed to be was not. The time has now come when the friends of the slave are called upon to separate themselves, not only from slave owners, but from all churches and ministers, that in any way uphold slavery. The members of the church from which I have withdrawn, with few exceptions, are dead to the cause of the slave; yet I believe that the Lord is among us, and will overturn and overturn, till He shall reign King of kings, and Lord of lords, although it be to the destruction of those who do not to others as they would that others should do to them. The time has now come when the friends of the slave are called upon to separate themselves, not only from slave owners, but from all churches and ministers, that in any way uphold slavery. The members of the church from which I have withdrawn, with few exceptions, are dead to the cause of the slave; yet I believe that the Lord is among us, and will overturn and overturn, till He shall reign King of kings, and Lord of lords, although it be to the destruction of those who do not to others as they would that others should do to them. Your brother in behalf of the slave, Your brother in behalf of the slave, LEWIS FORD. LEWIS FORD. North Abington, Sept. 2, 1841. North Abington, Sept. 2, 1841. 

 The New-England Non-Resistance Society held its third annual meeting at the Chardon Street Chapel, in this city, on Tuesday and Wednesday. The number in attendance was not large, but it comprised the head men and women of the sect. Edmund Quincy, A. Bronson Alcott, W.L. Garrison, H.C. Wright, and several others whose names are nearly equally well known, being present. Edmund Quincy presided, and Anna W. Weston and Henry W. Williams acted as Secretaries. The New-England Non-Resistance Society held its third annual meeting at the Chardon Street Chapel, in this city, on Tuesday and Wednesday. The number in attendance was not large, but it comprised the head men and women of the sect. Edmund Quincy, A. Bronson Alcott, W.L. Garrison, H.C. Wright, and several others whose names are nearly equally well known, being present. Edmund Quincy presided, and Anna W. Weston and Henry W. Williams acted as Secretaries. William L. Garrison, the Corresponding Secretary, read a report which was drawn up by himself, detailing the operations of the Society, and the progress which its principles had made during the past year. It proved, of course, or attempted to do so, that the non-resistance cause was rapidly advancing. William L. Garrison, the Corresponding Secretary, read a report which was drawn up by himself, detailing the operations of the Society, and the progress which its principles had made during the past year. It proved, of course, or attempted to do so, that the non-resistance cause was rapidly advancing. The Treasurer's report was read by the Chairman. It was very brief, being confined to a mere detail of the receipts and expenditures of the Society during the year. The expenditures of the Society (including the cost of the publication of the Non Resistant) were $938 58; the receipts (including moneys received for the Non-Resistant) 896 24; showing a balance against the Society of 4234. This deficiency, the Chairman stated, would be augmented to $100 by the expenses incident to the publication of the number of the Non-Resistant then in the hands of the printer, and still further by the expenses of the annual meeting. Papers were then, on a motion to that effect, circulated in the Chapel for the purpose of supplying the deficiency— with what success did not appear. The Treasurer's report was read by the Chairman. It was very brief, being confined to a mere detail of the receipts and expenditures of the Society during the year. The expenditures of the Society (including the cost of the publication of the Non Resistant) were $938 58; the receipts (including moneys received for the Non-Resistant) 896 24; showing a balance against the Society of 4234. This deficiency, the Chairman stated, would be augmented to $100 by the expenses incident to the publication of the number of the Non-Resistant then in the hands of the printer, and still further by the expenses of the annual meeting. Papers were then, on a motion to that effect, circulated in the Chapel for the purpose of supplying the deficiency— with what success did not appear. The principles of the Non-Resistants are often confounded with those held by members of the Peace Societies. They are, however, hardly in any respect the same. The Non-Resistants not only deny the necessity of war on any occasion, and assert its wickedness on all occasions, but they refuse to support any government whose ordinances are maintained by physical force. They make a virtual declaration of independence from the government— they will pay it no taxes, except on compulsion— they will hold no offices under it, civil or military— they will not even serve as jurors in courts of justice, and they will not appeal to those courts to redress any wrongs which they may suffer. They offer no resistance to those who would injure them in their persons or properties— they profess to forgive freely all such injuries, and in the system of society which they would substitute for the present system, they would have no machinery of government, and no law but the law of love— the maxim laid down by Christ, 'Do unto others as ye would that others should do unto you.' Should any refuse to abide by that law, they would subject them to no punishment except such as God and conscience might inflict. The principles of the Non-Resistants are often confounded with those held by members of the Peace Societies. They are, however, hardly in any respect the same. The Non-Resistants not only deny the necessity of war on any occasion, and assert its wickedness on all occasions, but they refuse to support any government whose ordinances are maintained by physical force. They make a virtual declaration of independence from the government— they will pay it no taxes, except on compulsion— they will hold no offices under it, civil or military— they will not even serve as jurors in courts of justice, and they will not appeal to those courts to redress any wrongs which they may suffer. They offer no resistance to those who would injure them in their persons or properties— they profess to forgive freely all such injuries, and in the system of society which they would substitute for the present system, they would have no machinery of government, and no law but the law of love— the maxim laid down by Christ, 'Do unto others as ye would that others should do unto you.' Should any refuse to abide by that law, they would subject them to no punishment except such as God and conscience might inflict. Some of the most ultra members of the sect go a step farther than this. They deny the moral right of individuals to hold more property apart for their individual purposes than their real necessities require; they refuse to pay taxes of any kind; and declare their unwillingness to seal 'their testimony' to this effect with their blood. Mr. Alcott, the gentleman who has favored the public, through the columns of the Dial, with those mystic oracles entitled 'orphic sayings,' is of this class. He is of opinion that the sentiments held by the non-resistants are what human governments call sedition, and that the non-resistants of New-England will soon be heard of at Washington. In the conflict which is to ensue between the government and the non-resistants he thinks the latter will be successful— the government will fall for want of supporters, and the new system will then be set up! In giving his views on these points to the society, on Tuesday, he averred that there was now in existence in this country 'sedition and rebellion enough to upset the government, and heresy sufficient to upset the church;' that both church and state would soon be overturned, and the sooner the better. We think Mr. Alcott will see the church and the state endure during his day, at least, and that he will be disappointed in his hope or expectation that the power of the government will ever be brought into conflict with the members of the Non-Resistant Society. If any errors may be safely tolerated, we think theirs are among the number; their absurdity will forever prove a sufficient guarantee against their general adoption. If they find converts any where, it must be in our penitentiaries, for a community in which they would bear away would be the very paradise of rogues. They could rob, and murder, and gratify every other passion with perfect impunity. Some of the most ultra members of the sect go a step farther than this. They deny the moral right of individuals to hold more property apart for their individual purposes than their real necessities require; they refuse to pay taxes of any kind; and declare their unwillingness to seal 'their testimony' to this effect with their blood. Mr. Alcott, the gentleman who has favored the public, through the columns of the Dial, with those mystic oracles entitled 'orphic sayings,' is of this class. He is of opinion that the sentiments held by the non-resistants are what human governments call sedition, and that the non-resistants of New-England will soon be heard of at Washington. In the conflict which is to ensue between the government and the non-resistants he thinks the latter will be successful— the government will fall for want of supporters, and the new system will then be set up! In giving his views on these points to the society, on Tuesday, he averred that there was now in existence in this country 'sedition and rebellion enough to upset the government, and heresy sufficient to upset the church;' that both church and state would soon be overturned, and the sooner the better. We think Mr. Alcott will see the church and the state endure during his day, at least, and that he will be disappointed in his hope or expectation that the power of the government will ever be brought into conflict with the members of the Non-Resistant Society. If any errors may be safely tolerated, we think theirs are among the number; their absurdity will forever prove a sufficient guarantee against their general adoption. If they find converts any where, it must be in our penitentiaries, for a community in which they would bear away would be the very paradise of rogues. They could rob, and murder, and gratify every other passion with perfect impunity. A resolution was introduced into the convention on Tuesday, to the effect that the voluntary pay . . . compatible with the principles which they profess. After some discussion, the phraseology of the resolution was changed, so as to say that the payment of such fines is incompatible with the non-resistant principles; and, after still more debate, the scope of the discussion was enlarged, on Wednesday, by substituting the following resolution as an amendment:— A resolution was introduced into the convention on Tuesday, to the effect that the voluntary pay . . . compatible with the principles which they profess. After some discussion, the phraseology of the resolution was changed, so as to say that the payment of such fines is is incompatible with the non-resistant principles; and, after still more debate, the scope of the discussion was enlarged, on Wednesday, by substituting the following resolution as an amendment:— Resolved, That it is a violation of non-resistance principles to pay military fines, or mixed taxes, or to purchase taxed goods. Resolved, That it is a violation of non-resistance principles to pay military fines, or mixed taxes, or to purchase taxed goods. On these points, there was much difference of opinion among the speakers. Some of them could see no distinction between mixed taxes, and taxed goods, and military fines, as they were all appropriated to the same end, the maintenance of the present plan of government and its war system. Others professed to see such a difference as would lead them to pay the taxes, while they would refuse to pay the fines, although they did not make it clear to their brethren that there was much more difference between the two than there was between 'tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee,' and others professed to find a justification of the payment of both fines and taxes in the precept and example of Jesus Christ, in regard to paying tribute to Caesar, and in the directions given to Christians in the first epistle of Peter, that they should submit themselves unto every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake. Adin Ballou, Mr. Garrison, and Mr. Mack, of Dover, N.H., advocated the propriety of paying fines and taxes; Lucretia Mott, Jas. N. Buffum, and others, opposed the payment of fines, but thought the payment of mixed taxes proper; Mr. Alcott thought the payment of all kinds of fines and taxes improper, and would resist (passively) their payment to the last extremity; and Mr. Collins, while he thought the payment of any tax, or the purchase of taxed goods, a violation of the non-resistant principle, acknowledged his inability to live without violating his principles in some of these respects. After a great deal of discussion, on motion of Lucretia Mott, the whole matter was laid on the table, the Society, seemingly, not caring about taking the responsibility of coming to a decision on the subject. On these points, there was much difference of opinion among the speakers. Some of them could see no distinction between mixed taxes, and taxed goods, and military fines, as they were all appropriated to the same end, the maintenance of the present plan of government and its war system. Others professed to see such a difference as would lead them to pay the taxes, while they would refuse to pay the fines, although they did not make it clear to their brethren that there was much more difference between the two than there was between 'tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee,' and others professed to find a justification of the payment of both fines and taxes in the precept and example of Jesus Christ, in regard to paying tribute to Caesar, and in the directions given to Christians in the first epistle of Peter, that they should submit themselves unto every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake. Adin Ballou, Mr. Garrison, and Mr. Mack, of Dover, N.H., advocated the propriety of paying fines and taxes; Lucretia Mott, Jas. N. Buffum, and others, opposed the payment of fines, but thought the payment of mixed taxes proper; Mr. Alcott thought the payment of all kinds of fines and taxes improper, and would resist (passively) their payment to the last extremity; and Mr. Collins, while he thought the payment of any tax, or the purchase of taxed goods, a violation of the non-resistant principle, acknowledged his inability to live without violating his principles in some of these respects. After a great deal of discussion, on motion of Lucretia Mott, the whole matter was laid on the table, the Society, seemingly, not caring about taking the responsibility of coming to a decision on the subject. On a resolution stating that 'no man who believes that all war is wrong can, without a violation of admitted principles, hold the office of President or Congress man of the United States, or vote for others to hold those offices,' there was less difference of opinion. After several speeches, which were all on one side, and in which the various speakers expressed their conviction that it would be wrong, under our institutions, to vote in any case, the resolution was passed unanimously. On a resolution stating that 'no man who believes that all war is wrong can, without a violation of admitted principles, hold the office of President or Congress man of the United States, or vote for others to hold those offices,' there was less difference of opinion. After several speeches, which were all on one side, and in which the various speakers expressed their conviction that it would be wrong, under our institutions, to vote in any case, the resolution was passed unanimously. unanimously. The most animated debate which took place during the sitting of the Convention, was upon the following resolution, which was the last offered: The most animated debate which took place during the sitting of the Convention, was upon the following resolution, which was the last offered: Resolved, That christian non-resistance, consistently practised, carries with it the very highest conservative influence which can be brought to bear upon society. Resolved, That christian non-resistance, consistently practised, carries with it the very highest conservative influence which can be brought to bear upon society. It might have been interesting to some portion of those who were present, to have been informed how a principle which avowedly aims at the entire destruction of the present order of things, in Church or State, can be called a conservative principle; but this was not attempted to be shown, there being no discussion of the main proposition. The debate arose upon a motion made by Thomas Davis to strike the word 'Christian' out of the resolution, and was continued upon an amendment to this amendment, offered by Lucretia Mott, to the effect that 'the principles of non-resistance, as promulged by this society, consistently practised,' &c. The amendment was supported by A. Bronson Alcott, Thomas Davis, Nathaniel H. Whiting, and a Mr. Chace, from Providence, R.I., and opposed by Adin Ballou, S.J. May, Joshua V. Himes, W.L. Garrison, and H.C. Wright. In the course of the discussion there was a full development of the strange notions of Christ and his mission, which have recently attracted so much notice in certain quarters. Jesus was freely spoken of as a man who was well enough, in his day and generation, but whose precept or example could not now be received as the highest rule of faith or duty. The principles which he promulgated were received, because they were good in themselves, and not because he was the medium through which they were communicated; and the mere fact that these principles, which existed before Christ, and would exist forever, came to us with his sanction, would not justify the eternal reference which is made to him as the source of all the moral light which is in the world. Thomas Davis said that Shakspeare was as much of a wonder in his way as Jesus Christ, and as much inspired, and he questioned whether he had not done as much for the world, within the last two hundred years, as Jesus Christ had done. It was suggested by one of the speakers, that if Christ was present in the meeting, he would undoubtedly be in favor of the amendment, but as the gentleman who made the suggestion did not seem to be so well informed in regard to the character of Christ as to judge accurately what his conduct would be in any supposable case, the opinion probably did not have much weight as an argument. The opposite side of the question was very ably maintained by those who advocated it, particularly by Messrs. May and Himes; both the amendments were rejected by large majorities, and the original resolution was then passed unanimously. Shortly after, the Convention adjourned. It was suggested, as a question worthy of the consideration of the society, whether non-resistants can consistently resort to the civil power for the solemnization of marriages; but this subject, with others like it, was passed over, probably for want of time. It might have been interesting to some portion of those who were present, to have been informed how a principle which avowedly aims at the entire destruction of the present order of things, in Church or State, can be called a conservative principle; but this was not attempted to be shown, there being no discussion of the main proposition. The debate arose upon a motion made by Thomas Davis to strike the word 'Christian' out of the resolution, and was continued upon an amendment to this amendment, offered by Lucretia Mott, to the effect that 'the principles of non-resistance, as promulged by this society, consistently practised,' &c. The amendment was supported by A. Bronson Alcott, Thomas Davis, Nathaniel H. Whiting, and a Mr. Chace, from Providence, R.I., and opposed by Adin Ballou, S.J. May, Joshua V. Himes, W.L. Garrison, and H.C. Wright. In the course of the discussion there was a full development of the strange notions of Christ and his mission, which have recently attracted so much notice in certain quarters. Jesus was freely spoken of as a man who was well enough, in his day and generation, but whose precept or example could not now be received as the highest rule of faith or duty. The principles which he promulgated were received, because they were good in themselves, and not because he was the medium through which they were communicated; and the mere fact that these principles, which existed before Christ, and would exist forever, came to us with his sanction, would not justify the eternal reference which is made to him as the source of all the moral light which is in the world. Thomas Davis said that Shakspeare was as much of a wonder in his way as Jesus Christ, and as much inspired, and he questioned whether he had not done as much for the world, within the last two hundred years, as Jesus Christ had done. It was suggested by one of the speakers, that if Christ was present in the meeting, he would undoubtedly be in favor of the amendment, but as the gentleman who made the suggestion did not seem to be so well informed in regard to the character of Christ as to judge accurately what his conduct would be in any supposable case, the opinion probably did not have much weight as an argument. The opposite side of the question was very ably maintained by those who advocated it, particularly by Messrs. May and Himes; both the amendments were rejected by large majorities, and the original resolution was then passed unanimously. Shortly after, the Convention adjourned. It was suggested, as a question worthy of the consideration of the society, whether non-resistants can consistently resort to the civil power for the solemnization of marriages; but this subject, with others like it, was passed over, probably for want of time. It was a boast made by one of the speakers during the discussion just noticed, that 'he was more than a Christian— he was a man.' We think that, could his principles by any possibility obtain away in this country, it would require but a short experience to convince him and his non-resistant brethren, that they are all men, and no more. That, at the best, they are erring and imperfect, not wholly devoid of passions, not entirely free from the instinct which leads all human beings to be selfish; and that there is something in the lesson of five thousand years which has taught man the usefulness of human laws to regulate human intercourse, and the necessity of human governments to protect the good and to restrain the vicious. It was a boast made by one of the speakers during the discussion just noticed, that 'he was more than a Christian— he was a man. a man. ' We think that, could his principles by any possibility obtain away in this country, it would require but a short experience to convince him and his non-resistant brethren, that they are all men, and no more. no more. That, at the best, they are erring and imperfect, not wholly devoid of passions, not entirely free from the instinct which leads all human beings to be selfish; and that there is something in the lesson of five thousand years which has taught man the usefulness of human laws to regulate human intercourse, and the necessity of human governments to protect the good and to restrain the vicious. 

 A public meeting of the citizens of Jefferson County, was held at Fayette on the 2d inst. The meeting was organized by calling Prosper K. Montgomery to the chair, and appointing R. Duncan, Secretary. The objects of the meeting were stated in a brief and pertinent address by the chairman; and, on motion, Messrs. G.E. Martin, J.H. McKey, Warren Dent, Edward Bradford, and W.W. Wade, were appointed a committee to draft suitable resolutions. The committee then retired, and in a short time, reported the following preamble and resolutions, which, having called forth some able and appropriate remarks from Messrs. Saunders, Martin and Hewet in their support, were unanimously adopted:— A public meeting of the citizens of Jefferson County, was held at Fayette on the 2d inst. The meeting was organized by calling Prosper K. Montgomery to the chair, and appointing R. Duncan, Secretary. The objects of the meeting were stated in a brief and pertinent address by the chairman; and, on motion, Messrs. G.E. Martin, J.H. McKey, Warren Dent, Edward Bradford, and W.W. Wade, were appointed a committee to draft suitable resolutions. The committee then retired, and in a short time, reported the following preamble and resolutions, which, having called forth some able and appropriate remarks from Messrs. Saunders, Martin and Hewet in their support, were unanimously adopted:— Whereas it has been announced in the public journals of this and other States, that the slave property of the people of the south is captured with impunity by associations of men, called abolitionists, in many of the non-slaveholding States within these United States— that the State of New York has passed laws, calculated in their spirit and effect, to deprive the owner of slaves sojourning through that State with their slaves, in the character of servants, from the enjoyment of their property in such slaves; and that a judicial functionary hath determined in the trial of a case in the State of Ohio, judicially depending before him, that the moment a slave enters into the territorial limits of that State, whether under the control of his master or otherwise, that he is ipso facto free, and there is no law that can be enforced by his master, under the constitution and laws of Ohio, whereby to recapture him: And, whereas, there exists strong grounds for entertaining the belief, that the abolition societies of Ohio and other non-slaveholding States, have their secret emissaries, under their immediate pay, traversing the slaveholding States, with the secret object of stealing our slaves, inducing them to steal our property, and of exciting the spirit of revolt and incendiarism, whereby we are deprived of our property and our social condition rendered insecure, and the lives of ourselves, our wives and our children rendered unsafe, by reason of which, we are constrained by every principle of patriotism, and every impulse that should actuate freemen, to enter our determined protest against such practices, and to use all lawful and just means within our control, for their prevention. Wherefore, Whereas it has been announced in the public journals of this and other States, that the slave property of the people of the south is captured with impunity by associations of men, called abolitionists, in many of the non-slaveholding States within these United States— that the State of New York has passed laws, calculated in their spirit and effect, to deprive the owner of slaves sojourning through that State with their slaves, in the character of servants, from the enjoyment of their property in such slaves; and that a judicial functionary hath determined in the trial of a case in the State of Ohio, judicially depending before him, that the moment a slave enters into the territorial limits of that State, whether under the control of his master or otherwise, that he is ipso facto ipso facto free, and there is no law that can be enforced by his master, under the constitution and laws of Ohio, whereby to recapture him: And, whereas, there exists strong grounds for entertaining the belief, that the abolition societies of Ohio and other non-slaveholding States, have their secret emissaries, under their immediate pay, traversing the slaveholding States, with the secret object of stealing our slaves, inducing them to steal our property, and of exciting the spirit of revolt and incendiarism, whereby we are deprived of our property and our social condition rendered insecure, and the lives of ourselves, our wives and our children rendered unsafe, by reason of which, we are constrained by every principle of patriotism, and every impulse that should actuate freemen, to enter our determined protest against such practices, and to use all lawful and just means within our control, for their prevention. Wherefore, Be it resolved by this meeting, That the citizens of the State of Mississippi have the constitutional right to hold such persons as were slaves within the United States prior to the year 1808, and their descendants, who have not been lawfully emancipated and who are now within its territory, to servitude, agreeably to the laws of the said State; and that every effort of the citizens of any other State, to restrict such right, is an arbitrary exercise of power, inexpedient in itself, unconstitutional in the actors, and tending towards the destruction of the brotherly feeling that should exist in the great American family, and calculated to produce an early separation of the Union, and involve the nation in civil discord and bloodshed. Be it resolved by this meeting, Be it resolved by this meeting, That the citizens of the State of Mississippi have the constitutional right to hold such persons as were slaves within the United States prior to the year 1808, and their descendants, who have not been lawfully emancipated and who are now within its territory, to servitude, agreeably to the laws of the said State; and that every effort of the citizens of any other State, to restrict such right, is an arbitrary exercise of power, inexpedient in itself, unconstitutional in the actors, and tending towards the destruction of the brotherly feeling that should exist in the great American family, and calculated to produce an early separation of the Union, and involve the nation in civil discord and bloodshed. Resolved, That we hold the property in our slaves, under the broad sanction of the constitution of the United States, and that of the constitution and laws of our own State; and that no power on earth, beyond our limits, shall molest us in the exercise of that right with impunity. Resolved, That we hold the property in our slaves, under the broad sanction of the constitution of the United States, and that of the constitution and laws of our own State; and that no power on earth, beyond our limits, shall molest us in the exercise of that right with impunity. Resolved, That the constitution of the United States declares that 'no person held to service or labor in one State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up, on claim of the party, to whom such service or labor may be due,' under the protection of which, we claim the right to recapture our slaves wherever they may flee or be stolen, within the limits of any other State; and that every judge who shall deny and withhold such rights, is a perjured villain, and every community that shall maintain him is an enemy to the constitution of the country and our happy Union. Resolved, That the constitution of the United States declares that 'no person held to service or labor in one State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up, on claim of the party, to whom such service or labor may be due,' under the protection of which, we claim the right to recapture our slaves wherever they may flee or be stolen, within the limits of any other State; and that every judge who shall deny and withhold such rights, is a perjured villain, and every community that shall maintain him is an enemy to the constitution of the country and our happy Union. Resolved, that we regard the great mass of the people of Ohio, as inimical to the views and action of those fanatics and unprincipled associations within their State, called abolitionists; and that they regard with disgust their efforts to steal and rob us of our property; but, at the same time, we insist, that if they are the friends of our Union, and the advocates of its perpetuity, that it is their imperious duty to arrest their mad career, and restore that degree of commercial and personal intercourse, which has so long and so happily existed, and which has, of late, been but casually, we hope, interrupted. Resolved, that we regard the great mass of the people of Ohio, as inimical to the views and action of those fanatics and unprincipled associations within their State, called abolitionists; and that they regard with disgust their efforts to steal and rob us of our property; but, at the same time, we insist, that if they are the friends of our Union, and the advocates of its perpetuity, that it is their imperious duty to arrest their mad career, and restore that degree of commercial and personal intercourse, which has so long and so happily existed, and which has, of late, been but casually, we hope, interrupted. Resolved, That if the people of our sister States shall refuse to protect us in our property, or allow their courts to be open to us in its pursuit, that then we shall feel at liberty to withdraw from them, as aliens to us in feeling, and enemies in practice; and that we will, on the principles of self-protection, cut short our intercourse with them, refuse and decline to buy for our use or consumption, their productions, and seek such other markets and such other society in the great world, where we may experience a security of property, and a more congenial intercourse. Resolved, That if the people of our sister States shall refuse to protect us in our property, or allow their courts to be open to us in its pursuit, that then we shall feel at liberty to withdraw from them, as aliens to us in feeling, and enemies in practice; and that we will, on the principles of self-protection, cut short our intercourse with them, refuse and decline to buy for our use or consumption, their productions, and seek such other markets and such other society in the great world, where we may experience a security of property, and a more congenial intercourse. Resolved, That we invite the co-operation of our fellow citizens of the south generally, by holding public meetings and expressing their opinions on the subject of these resolutions. Resolved, That we invite the co-operation of our fellow citizens of the south generally, by holding public meetings and expressing their opinions on the subject of these resolutions. Resolved, That newspapers in the south, friendly to our views, give the foregoing resolutions an insertion in their columns. Resolved, That newspapers in the south, friendly to our views, give the foregoing resolutions an insertion in their columns. The following resolution, proposed by J.H. McKey, was also adopted:— The following resolution, proposed by J.H. McKey, was also adopted:— Resolved, That a copy of the above resolutions be sent to Judge Lane of Ohio. Resolved, That a copy of the above resolutions be sent to Judge Lane of Ohio. On motion, the meeting adjourned. On motion, the meeting adjourned. P.K. MONTGOMERY, Chairman. P.K. MONTGOMERY, Chairman. Chairman. R. DUNCAN, Secretary. R. DUNCAN, Secretary. Secretary. 

 To the Fourth Congregational Church in Abington. To the Fourth Congregational Church in Abington. To the Fourth Congregational Church in Abington. DEAR FRIENDS: DEAR FRIENDS: Under a full and unremitting pressure of my duty to you, to the professed christian world, to God, and especially to the oppressed, I make you the following communication. It is what I have long dreaded, and often shuddered, in view of putting it off, for fear God would leave me to hardness of heart and blindness of mind, to grope my way to the world of wo. Under a full and unremitting pressure of my duty to you, to the professed christian world, to God, and especially to the oppressed, I make you the following communication. It is what I have long dreaded, and often shuddered, in view of putting it off, for fear God would leave me to hardness of heart and blindness of mind, to grope my way to the world of wo. There are about three millions of our countrymen suffering in bondage, reduced to chattels, and herded together like the brutes that perish, bought and sold at the pleasure of their masters; husbands and wives, parents and children, brothers and sisters, sundered never more to meet till they meet at the bar of God. And notwithstanding God is calling upon you to undo the heavy burdens, break every yoke, and let the oppressed go free, and to remember those in bonds as bound with them, and to cry aloud against principalities and powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places; and notwithstanding the cryings and sobbings of the broken-hearted mothers, and the screachings of the fatherless children, and the earnest and continued entreaties of some of your brethren and sisters to cease to uphold this foul system of abominations, you continue to uphold it by choosing to the chief offices of the country, slave-owners and their apologists; and by upholding the foreign missionary board, and putting in your money with that which is robbed from God's poor; and by praying God to bless the exertions of that board, which takes the price of blood to put into the treasury of the Lord, and is continually crying 'peace, peace,' to the slaveholding community, when God has said there is no peace to the wicked; and also by receiving to the pulpit and communion, those who will not plead the cause of the slave themselves, nor suffer others to do it in their pulpits. There are about three millions of our countrymen suffering in bondage, reduced to chattels, and herded together like the brutes that perish, bought and sold at the pleasure of their masters; husbands and wives, parents and children, brothers and sisters, sundered never more to meet till they meet at the bar of God. And notwithstanding God is calling upon you to undo the heavy burdens, break every yoke, and let the oppressed go free, and to remember those in bonds as bound with them, and to cry aloud against principalities and powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places; and notwithstanding the cryings and sobbings of the broken-hearted mothers, and the screachings of the fatherless children, and the earnest and continued entreaties of some of your brethren and sisters to cease to uphold this foul system of abominations, you continue to uphold it by choosing to the chief offices of the country, slave-owners and their apologists; and by upholding the foreign missionary board, and putting in your money with that which is robbed from God's poor; and by praying God to bless the exertions of that board, which takes the price of blood to put into the treasury of the Lord, and is continually crying 'peace, peace,' to the slaveholding community, when God has said there is no peace to the wicked; and also by receiving to the pulpit and communion, those who will not plead the cause of the slave themselves, nor suffer others to do it in their pulpits. Thus, while you send missionaries to foreign lands to preach the gospel of peace and righteousness, and are essaying to do the same at home, you are aiding in robbing one portion of our countrymen of their time, property, virtue, and life even, and shooting, and stabbing, and driving another portion from their native land! Thus, while you send missionaries to foreign lands to preach the gospel of peace and righteousness, and are essaying to do the same at home, you are aiding in robbing one portion of our countrymen of their time, property, virtue, and life even, and shooting, and stabbing, and driving another portion from their native land! Believing that you cannot thus act while you love your brethren, and knowing that an apostle has said, 'If a may say he loves God, and loves not his brethren, he is a liar, and the truth is not in him;' and as Christ has no concord with Belial, nor righteousness with unrighteousness; and as I have no right to fellowship the unfruitful works of darkness; therefore, to obey the command of God, 'Come out and be ye separate, and touch not the unclean thing,' (although I can sympathize with such of you as are alive to the cause of God and humanity,) I must withdraw from you as a christian church, and so do, hoping that you may be brought to repentance, and that we may all at last, through the infinite mercy of God, be permitted to sit down in the kingdom of heaven, together with the now poor suffering slave, there to celebrate the praises of redeeming love for ever and ever. Believing that you cannot thus act while you love your brethren, and knowing that an apostle has said, 'If a may say he loves God, and loves not his brethren, he is a liar, and the truth is not in him;' and as Christ has no concord with Belial, nor righteousness with unrighteousness; and as I have no right to fellowship the unfruitful works of darkness; therefore, to obey the command of God, 'Come out and be ye separate, and touch not the unclean thing,' (although I can sympathize with such of you as are alive to the cause of God and humanity,) I must withdraw from you as a christian church, and so do, hoping that you may be brought to repentance, and that we may all at last, through the infinite mercy of God, be permitted to sit down in the kingdom of heaven, together with the now poor suffering slave, there to celebrate the praises of redeeming love for ever and ever. Your faithful brother, Your faithful brother, LEWIS FORD. LEWIS FORD. North Abington, August 24, 1841. North Abington, August 24, 1841. 

 Although we have before noted the appearance of the recent publication by Rev. Mr. Thornton, on the subject of slavery as it exists among us, we would again recommend the work to the attention of our readers. Mr. Thornton's reputation is a sufficient guarantee for the general accuracy of his book, and the reader will find, on turning over its pages that it is calculated to do a vast amount of good, in counteracting the pernicious effects of the publications of such abolition writers as Channing, Jay, and others. The complaint has been made that the question has not been fairly met— that southern men had shrunk from a defence of their institutions. This book will furnish a mine of facts and arguments, such as none of the northern fanatics can gainsay. It is just such a book as has long been wanted. It is plain, straightforward, and honest— and without any pretence to the flourish and finish of Dr. Channing, it is more than a match for the subtlety of that champion of abolition. If, in some parts of the work, the writer states his case boldly, and indulges in strong language, he has done no more than the cause of truth and the present crisis demand. We again recommend the book to the early attention of every one who would protect and defend the rights of the South, and the Constitution of the country. Although we have before noted the appearance of the recent publication by Rev. Mr. Thornton, on the subject of slavery as it exists among us, we would again recommend the work to the attention of our readers. Mr. Thornton's reputation is a sufficient guarantee for the general accuracy of his book, and the reader will find, on turning over its pages that it is calculated to do a vast amount of good, in counteracting the pernicious effects of the publications of such abolition writers as Channing, Jay, and others. The complaint has been made that the question has not been fairly met— that southern men had shrunk from a defence of their institutions. This book will furnish a mine of facts and arguments, such as none of the northern fanatics can gainsay. It is just such a book as has long been wanted. It is plain, straightforward, and honest— and without any pretence to the flourish and finish of Dr. Channing, it is more than a match for the subtlety of that champion of abolition. If, in some parts of the work, the writer states his case boldly, and indulges in strong language, he has done no more than the cause of truth and the present crisis demand. We again recommend the book to the early attention of every one who would protect and defend the rights of the South, and the Constitution of the country. 

 ALBANY, N.Y., Aug. 23, 1841. ALBANY, N.Y., Aug. 23, 1841. WM. LLOYD GARRISON: WM. LLOYD GARRISON: VERY DEAR BROTHER— I am always happy when writing you, because I feel assured that you will publish the truth, though it should render you odious. Go on, my brother— toil here, and rest not until Christ shall call you to himself. My spirit cannot rest so long as my brethren are crushed by the iron hoof of oppression. VERY DEAR BROTHER— I am always happy when writing you, because I feel assured that you will publish the truth, though it should render you odious. Go on, my brother— toil here, and rest not until Christ shall call you to himself. My spirit cannot rest so long as my brethren are crushed by the iron hoof of oppression. What follows may strike you with horror, but it is, nevertheless, true. Mr. Jones affirmed it to be so in the presence of Mrs. Stewart and Miss Briggs, of Troy. What follows may strike you with horror, but it is, nevertheless, true. Mr. Jones affirmed it to be so in the presence of Mrs. Stewart and Miss Briggs, of Troy. Mr. Abner D. Jones, assistant Missionary among the Choctaw Indians, and under the direction of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, being in the city of Troy, N.Y. August 20th, 1841, made the following statements: Mr. Abner D. Jones, assistant Missionary among the Choctaw Indians, and under the direction of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, being in the city of Troy, N.Y. August 20th, 1841, made the following statements: The Cherokee, Creek, and Choctaw tribes of Indians are many of them slaveholders, and treat their negroes as slaves, and will not suffer any Missionary to publicly preach against slavery! That slaveholders are received into the mission churches, and that the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian and Congregational missionaries, among those tribes, are unanimous, so far as he is acquainted, in sustaining slaveholders as christian brethren in the churches! That they (the missionaries) neither preach against this practice, nor use means to put it out of the church. That almost all the missionaries either own or hire slaves of their masters to work, and pay the masters for their services! That he has been obliged, in cases of sickness, to do it himself. That the Rev. Mr. Mason, a Baptist missionary, was obliged to leave the country, because he would oppose slavery! (Rev. Mr. Kellam left, I suppose, on the same account.) That Rev. Mr. Hatch and wife, Baptist missionaries among the Choctaws, left because they could not conscientiously sustain slavery. That Rev. Mr. Fleming and Rev. Mr. Dodge, M.D. missionaries of the American Board, left on the same account. That the Rev. Mr. Potts, Baptist missionary among the Choctaws, either owns or hires slaves of their masters; that he is open and public in this, and all understand that he sustains slavery. Receives slaveholders into the church as good pious christians! That Rev. Mr. Perry, a Methodist missionary among the Choctaws, owns a number of slaves, and treats them as such; and that he shot and killed a white man, whom he supposed was stealing one of his slaves; and that Rev. Mr. P. is in full fellowship with the other missionaries! That he (Mr. Jones) has received the communion service from his hands. The Cherokee, Creek, and Choctaw tribes of Indians are many of them slaveholders, and treat treat their negroes as slaves, and will not suffer any Missionary to publicly preach against slavery! That slaveholders are received into the mission churches, and that the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian and Congregational missionaries, among those tribes, are unanimous, unanimous, so far as he is acquainted, in sustaining slaveholders as christian brethren in the churches! That they (the missionaries) neither preach against this practice, nor use means to put it out of the church. That almost all the missionaries either own or hire slaves of their masters to work, and pay the masters for their services! That he has been obliged, in cases of sickness, to do it himself. That the Rev. Mr. Mason, a Baptist missionary, was obliged to leave the country, because he would oppose slavery! (Rev. Mr. Kellam left, I suppose, on the same account.) That Rev. Mr. Hatch and wife, Baptist missionaries among the Choctaws, left because they could not conscientiously sustain slavery. That Rev. Mr. Fleming and Rev. Mr. Dodge, M.D. missionaries of the American Board, left on the same account. That the Rev. Mr. Potts, Baptist missionary among the Choctaws, either owns or hires slaves of their masters; that he is open and public in this, and all understand that he sustains slavery. Receives slaveholders into the church as good pious christians! That Rev. Mr. Perry, a Methodist missionary among the Choctaws, owns a number of slaves, and treats them as such; and that he shot and killed a white man, shot and killed a white man, whom he supposed was stealing one of his slaves; and that Rev. Mr. P. is in full fellowship with the other missionaries! That he (Mr. Jones) has received the communion service from his hands. Mr. Jones made many other statements, that show conclusively that the Methodist, Baptist and Congregational missionaries, among those tribes of Indians, sustain and uphold negro slavery; and that the missions among the Cherokee, Creek, and Choctaw Indians may be truly called slaveholding missions. Mr. Jones made many other statements, that show conclusively that the Methodist, Baptist and Congregational missionaries, among those tribes of Indians, sustain and uphold negro slavery; and that the missions among the Cherokee, Creek, and Choctaw Indians may be truly called slaveholding missions. Even Mr. Jones himself, who professes to abhor slavery, quoted the example of the apostle Paul as fully sustaining the missionary brethren! Thus slavery destroys the sight of even missionaries of the cross of Christ. Even Mr. Jones himself, who professes to abhor slavery, quoted the example of the apostle Paul as fully sustaining the missionary brethren! Thus slavery destroys the sight of even missionaries of the cross of Christ. The men who have in charge the missionary treasury keep, as far as possible, these innocent crimes of robbery, theft, and murder out of the sight of the dear brethren who so freely give their money to spread the gospel. They do this, that they may not offend slaveholders. One reason for this conclusion, (or what some may call slander,) may be seen by a simple statement of facts. In the Baptist church, there are over 125,000 members that are slaves, and not more than 10 or 12,000 slaveholders; but this latter class have all the money— therefore, our Boards are very careful to keep peace with the masters, even though the slaves are crushed to death. They (the slaves) are not good for any thing— they have no money. The men who have in charge the missionary treasury keep, as far as possible, these innocent crimes of robbery, theft, and murder out of the sight of the dear brethren who so freely give their money to spread the gospel. They do this, that they may not offend slaveholders. One reason for this conclusion, (or what some may call slander,) may be seen by a simple statement of facts. In the Baptist church, there are over 125,000 members that are slaves, and not more than 10 or 12,000 slaveholders; but this latter class have all the money— therefore, our Boards are very careful to keep peace with the masters, even though the slaves are crushed to death. They (the slaves) are not good for any thing— they have no money. I would suggest the propriety of sending out a missionary to labor for the conversion of the missionaries among the Indians in the south-west. It would need a man or woman of considerable faith, as they would perhaps mistrust that a negro-stealer head come among them, and the Rev. Mr. Perry might be appointed to shoot the fanatic, especially if he should be found among his negroes! I would suggest the propriety of sending out a missionary to labor for the conversion of the missionaries among the Indians in the south-west. It would need a man or woman of considerable faith, as they would perhaps mistrust that a negro-stealer head come among them, and the Rev. Mr. Perry might be appointed to shoot the fanatic, especially if he should be found among his his negroes! But I cease, lest you get your office destroyed again, and the Rev. Editor of the (Boston anti-Baptist) 'Christian Watchman' pronounce you to be 'equally culpable with the mob,' as he did in 1835 when you dared to rebuke men of 'property (who were) standing' upon the necks of the slaves. But I cease, lest you get your office destroyed again, and the Rev. Editor of the Rev. Editor of the (Boston anti-Baptist) 'Christian Watchman' 'Christian Watchman' pronounce you to be 'equally culpable with the mob,' as he did in 1835 when you dared to rebuke men of 'property 'property (who were) standing' standing' upon the necks of the slaves. 'My heart is pained, my soul is sick.' May God have mercy upon northern ministers, who are not satisfied to have heathen rob the poor, but must send missionaries to teach them that God approves their crimes! 'My heart is pained, my soul is sick.' May God have mercy upon northern ministers, who are not satisfied to have heathen rob the poor, but must send missionaries to teach them that God approves their crimes! As ever, your brother in Christ, As ever, your brother in Christ, ABEL BROWN. ABEL BROWN. 

 'SLAVERY AS IT IS IN THE UNITED STATES'— BY THE REV. T.C. THORNTON, Washington, D.C. 'SLAVERY AS IT IS IN THE UNITED STATES'— BY THE REV. T.C. THORNTON, Washington, D.C. The plan of this work embraces a brief history of slavery; its introduction into the United States; causes of its continuance; with a series of remarks on the abolition tracts of Dr. Channing. The author evinces great research. He has collected an imposing array of facts bearing upon the subject he discusses; and his deductions from them, we think, will appear to the candid reader to be fair and conclusive. The plan of this work embraces a brief history of slavery; its introduction into the United States; causes of its continuance; with a series of remarks on the abolition tracts of Dr. Channing. The author evinces great research. He has collected an imposing array of facts bearing upon the subject he discusses; and his deductions from them, we think, will appear to the candid reader to be fair and conclusive. Mr. Thornton evidently went to the composition of his book with warm feelings of interest in his theme. Hence his manner is earnest, direct, and somewhat ardent. Yet he does not travel beyond the record. His positions are grounded upon facts, his arguments are sustained by testimony. To all who are desirous of acquainting themselves with the true nature of the important subject to which this book relates, we recommend the book itself. It will be hardly possible for any one, however familiar with the topic before, to read it carefully without finding something to make his knowledge greater.— Baltimore American. Mr. Thornton evidently went to the composition of his book with warm feelings of interest in his theme. Hence his manner is earnest, direct, and somewhat ardent. Yet he does not travel beyond the record. His positions are grounded upon facts, his arguments are sustained by testimony. To all who are desirous of acquainting themselves with the true nature of the important subject to which this book relates, we recommend the book itself. It will be hardly possible for any one, however familiar with the topic before, to read it carefully without finding something to make his knowledge greater.— Baltimore American. Baltimore American. 

 It was a pitiful sum which Judas received as the price of his Lord and Master. Thirty pieces of silver! A poor reward for such a treasure; yet it is about as much as usually falls to the lot of him who is base enough to betray; for, as has been often remarked, bad men like treason, but they despise the traitor. It was a pitiful sum which Judas received as the price of his Lord and Master. Thirty pieces of silver! A poor reward for such a treasure; yet it is about as much as usually falls to the lot of him who is base enough to betray; for, as has been often remarked, bad men like treason, but they despise the traitor. And so it happens to our great national ecclesiastical organizations, which, for the sake of securing the donations of the South, have bowed down to the Moloch of Slavery, and betrayed the cause of Jesus. Among other instances which might be named, observe that of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. In order to conciliate the South, the whole influence of this powerful association, with its hundreds of ministers and churches auxiliary, has been and still is thrown into the scale of slavery; and what is the reward? Less in proportion surely than Judas Iscariot received! By looking at the receipts of that Society for 1839, it will be found that, while the whole amount was 231,000 dollars, of which 72,000 was from Massachusetts, only ten thousand was contributed by ALL THE SLAVE STATES!! For this paltry sum, then, of 10,000 dollars, all the influence of that mammoth institution is thrown into the pro-slavery scale; to the disgrace of the free States, to the injury of the poor down-trodden slave, and the dishonor of a 'holy and righteous God.' And so it happens to our great national ecclesiastical organizations, which, for the sake of securing the donations of the South, have bowed down to the Moloch of Slavery, and betrayed the cause of Jesus. Among other instances which might be named, observe that of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. In order to conciliate the South, the whole influence of this powerful association, with its hundreds of ministers and churches auxiliary, has been and still is thrown into the scale of slavery; and what is the reward? Less in proportion surely than Judas Iscariot received! By looking at the receipts of that Society for 1839, it will be found that, while the whole amount was 231,000 dollars, of which 72,000 was from Massachusetts, only ten thousand ten thousand was contributed by ALL THE SLAVE STATES!! For this paltry sum, then, of 10,000 dollars, all the influence of that mammoth institution is thrown into the pro-slavery scale; to the disgrace of the free States, to the injury of the poor down-trodden slave, and the dishonor of a 'holy and righteous God.' X. X. 

 We are led to notice another most extraordinary and disgraceful act, in this most extraordinary and infamous drama. We are led to notice another most extraordinary and disgraceful act, in this most extraordinary and infamous drama. The following is from the Cincinnati Gazette. The following is from the Cincinnati Gazette. To the Editor of the Cincinnati Gazette: To the Editor of the Cincinnati Gazette: To the Editor of the Cincinnati Gazette: CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept. 7, 1841. CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept. 7, 1841. SIR:— I feel it a duty incumbent on me, as well as a duty which is due to the citizens of Cincinnati, to explain the cause of the unexpected appearance of the Warsaw Guards at your city, inasmuch as there are various rumors afloat respecting the Guards, their object, and the course they pursued. I will briefly state, that on Saturday evening, about 6 o'clock, we received information that the abolitionists and negroes had revolted against the laws of our common country, and your city— that they were committing depredations and murder, destroying life and property— and that the city authorities had called on the citizens of Kentucky for aid. At about 8 o'clock, we were armed, and on our way to your city. We landed at your wharf on Sunday morning, at which time I addressed a note to the Mayor, informing him that we were willing and ready to co-operate with the city authorities to suppress any riot that might occur. I received no communication in reply to my note, and, therefore, concluding we were not wanted, I resolved to return. Whilst under way, on the mail boat, I was hailed, and requested to land. The Capt. landed his boat, and I came on shore. But still I received no orders, and, upon consultation, we crossed to Kentucky, to wait for orders from the city authorities, but was requested to land my men about 8 o'clock, without information of any plan or operation, or for what party I was expected to operate. I therefore did not cross the river. I had another communication about an hour after, urging me to cross, and join the mob against the city authorities. My answer was, 'We came not to create a mob, but, if desired, to suppress one.' Being thus situated, we have not noted at all, and will soon be on our way home. We leave our best wishes for the prosperity of your city, and its future good order. SIR:— I feel it a duty incumbent on me, as well as a duty which is due to the citizens of Cincinnati, to explain the cause of the unexpected appearance of the Warsaw Guards at your city, inasmuch as there are various rumors afloat respecting the Guards, their object, and the course they pursued. I will briefly state, that on Saturday evening, about 6 o'clock, we received information that the abolitionists abolitionists and negroes negroes had revolted against the laws of our common country, and your city— that they were committing depredations and murder, destroying life and property— and that the city authorities had called on the citizens of Kentucky for aid. At about 8 o'clock, we were armed, and on our way to your city. We landed at your wharf on Sunday morning, at which time I addressed a note to the Mayor, informing him that we were willing and ready to co-operate with the city authorities to suppress any riot that might occur. I received no communication in reply to my note, and, therefore, concluding we were not wanted, I resolved to return. Whilst under way, on the mail boat, I was hailed, and requested to land. The Capt. landed his boat, and I came on shore. But still I received no orders, and, upon consultation, we crossed to Kentucky, to wait for orders from the city authorities, but was requested to land my men about 8 o'clock, without information of any plan or operation, or for what party I was expected to operate. I therefore did not cross the river. I had another communication about an hour after, urging me to cross, and join the mob against the city authorities. My answer was, 'We came not to create a mob, but, if desired, to suppress one.' Being thus situated, we have not noted at all, and will soon be on our way home. We leave our best wishes for the prosperity of your city, and its future good order. Respectfully yours, Respectfully yours, A.F. JONES, A.F. JONES, Captain of the Warsaw Guards. Captain of the Warsaw Guards. Captain of the Warsaw Guards. What should have been the answer of the Mayor of Cincinnati, to an offer so grossly insulting? What should have been the answer of the Mayor of Cincinnati, to an offer so grossly insulting? 'Sir, abolitionists are law-abiding citizens— the negroes have done nothing more than defend themselves against a set of ruffians, some from your own State, who have boldly attempted to place Cincinnati under mob-law. The citizens of the place can protect themselves, and maintain their own laws. When they wish the aid of Kentucky, they will ask it. Return as you came.' 'Sir, abolitionists are law-abiding citizens— the negroes have done nothing more than defend themselves against a set of ruffians, some from your own State, who have boldly attempted to place Cincinnati under mob-law. The citizens of the place can protect themselves, and maintain their own laws. When they wish the aid of Kentucky, they will ask it. Return as you came.' But no— the Mayor disgraced the name of Cincinnati by thanking the Captain for his [ ]. But no— the Mayor disgraced the name of Cincinnati by thanking the Captain for his [ ]. Captain Jones must pardon us. If the band of men landed at Walnut-street wharf were a part of his company, their language shows that they came for the purpose of aiding the mob. If they were not, the extraordinary fact is presented to the citizens of Cincinnati, of 25 armed men coming from Kentucky to trample upon their laws, and put their property and lives in jeopardy! Captain Jones must pardon us. If the band of men landed at Walnut-street wharf were a part of his company, their language shows that they came for the purpose of aiding the mob. If they were not, the extraordinary fact is presented to the citizens of Cincinnati, of 25 armed men coming from Kentucky to trample upon their laws, and put their property and lives in jeopardy! The Cincinnati Enquirer we hold accessary to the mob. No matter what its tone during the progress of the riots. For weeks previous, it is notorious, that it was continually publishing articles, the most grossly slanderous, respecting abolitionists, abusive of the colored people, threatening the prosperity of the city if abolitionists were permitted to go on, and appealing to the citizens to put them down. Scarcely has the mob been suppressed, when it begins its old trade, by publishing such articles as the following, without note or comment. The Cincinnati Enquirer we hold accessary to the mob. No matter what its tone during the progress of the riots. For weeks previous, it is notorious, that it was continually publishing articles, the most grossly slanderous, respecting abolitionists, abusive of the colored people, threatening the prosperity of the city if abolitionists were permitted to go on, and appealing to the citizens to put them down. Scarcely has the mob been suppressed, when it begins its old trade, by publishing such articles as the following, without note or comment. MESSRS. BROUGH:— I have been informed from various sources, that 'Rumor' charges me with heading a party of Kentuckians in aid of your citizens, who was removing abolition nuisances on Saturday night. Perhaps this Mr. 'Rumor' is the same heroic gentleman who insinuated in a public speech last fall, that I had three hundred men prepared to mob the polls at the October election. Both these accusations are utterly false. I never had any connexion with an unlawful assemblage in my life— and I defy any gentleman to sustain such a charge. MESSRS. BROUGH:— I have been informed from various sources, that 'Rumor' charges me with heading a party of Kentuckians in aid of your citizens, who was removing abolition nuisances on Saturday night. Perhaps this Mr. 'Rumor' is the same heroic gentleman who insinuated in a public speech last fall, that I had three hundred men prepared to mob the polls at the October election. Both these accusations are utterly false. I never had any connexion with an unlawful assemblage in my life— and I defy any gentleman to sustain such a charge. I will further say, for the credit of Covington and Kentucky, that I heard the young men, on Saturday, expressly decline all interference, although they were invited and urged to assist; and, so far as my knowledge extends, the citizens of Covington had nothing to do with the affair. It is true, that some part of a printing-press was brought over the river, but without the aid of any Kentuckians, as I am informed. It was probably intended as a compliment by these who sent it. I will further say, for the credit of Covington and Kentucky, that I heard the young men, on Saturday, expressly decline all interference, although they were invited and urged to assist; and, so far as my knowledge extends, the citizens of Covington had nothing to do with the affair. It is true, that some part of a printing-press was brought over the river, but without the aid of any Kentuckians, as I am informed. It was probably intended as a compliment by these who sent it. Those persons who feel so jealous of their neighbors, or wish to throw the odium on Kentucky, may trace their difficulties to another source. The origin of the evils is not in the mob. Those who throw firebrands into society, must not complain when a conflagration takes place. When men of influence— members of the court and bar— male and female society— land and money agents, &c. &c. will countenance and sustain the cause, they must expect a share of the consequences; and the scenes that have transpired are but a sprinkle to the storm which they are brewing for themselves. Those persons who feel so jealous of their neighbors, or wish to throw the odium on Kentucky, may trace their difficulties to another source. The origin of the evils is not in the mob. Those who throw firebrands into society, must not complain when a conflagration takes place. When men of influence— members of the court and bar— male and female society— land and money agents, &c. &c. will countenance and sustain the cause, they must expect a share of the consequences; and the scenes that have transpired are but a sprinkle to the storm which they are brewing for themselves. If those foreign and domestic enemies of our country will not stop short of civil discard, it requires but half an eye to see that the free States will have the worst of it— because they will have an anarchy at home. If those foreign and domestic enemies of our country will not stop short of civil discard, it requires but half an eye to see that the free States will have the worst of it— because they will have an anarchy at home. But it appears to me, that no warning that can be offered, will stop the progress of this mania, until it results in anarchy and blood. As an individual, I look on with anxious dread, but will take no part in the strife, as long as I can properly avoid it. But it appears to me, that no warning that can be offered, will stop the progress of this mania, until it results in anarchy and blood. As an individual, I look on with anxious dread, but will take no part in the strife, as long as I can properly avoid it. If the gentlemen of property are not concerned about the character of Cincinnati, her mechanics are— for their prospects depend on preserving the trade of the south; and, however unpleasant the recent medicine may taste at home, its influence, in connexion with the resolutions published on Saturday, will have an excellent effect abroad. If the gentlemen of property are not concerned about the character of Cincinnati, her mechanics are— for their prospects depend on preserving the trade of the south; and, however unpleasant the recent medicine may taste at home, its influence, in connexion with the resolutions published on Saturday, will have an excellent effect abroad. Let your city carry out those resolutions, and she will have no cause to complain of her neighbors. Let your city carry out those resolutions, and she will have no cause to complain of her neighbors. Yours respectfully, Yours respectfully, R. WALLACE. R. WALLACE. Covington, Sept. 6, 1841. Covington, Sept. 6, 1841. Now, if this be not an impudent threat against Cincinnati, a detestable appeal to the worst passions of the mob, we know not what is. And yet this Enquirer, when the storm comes, raised in part by its own machinations, pretends to be the advocate of law and order. Now, if this be not an impudent threat against Cincinnati, a detestable appeal to the worst passions of the mob, we know not what is. And yet this Enquirer, when the storm comes, raised in part by its own machinations, pretends to be the advocate of law and order. 

 MR. GARRISON: MR. GARRISON: We have Congress hotspurs, and Shakspeare hotspurs, and last of all Church hotspurs. We have Congress hotspurs, and Shakspeare hotspurs, and last of all Church hotspurs. There is something ludicrous in witnessing the effect of an Ithuriel's spear elevated in the church; but when it pricks the church toads, there is something terrific in the flood of venom that follows. There is something ludicrous in witnessing the effect of an Ithuriel's spear elevated in the church; but when it pricks the church toads, there is something terrific in the flood of venom that follows. When the church pot begins to boil, all the stripings become Calibans, to bring in the faggots, and heap up the embers. When the church pot begins to boil, all the stripings become Calibans, to bring in the faggots, and heap up the embers. In reading Dea. Stillman Lothrop's remarks upon the conduct of the Charles-street Baptist Church, I was struck with the fact that the elder members were silent; whilst the young men so chivalrously defended their pastor. Discretion is said to be the better part of valor, but these young bloods wished to show their valor immediately. In reading Dea. Stillman Lothrop's remarks upon the conduct of the Charles-street Baptist Church, I was struck with the fact that the elder members were silent; whilst the young men so chivalrously defended their pastor. Discretion is said to be the better part of valor, but these young bloods wished to show their valor immediately. I have somewhere read, that ministers are always looked upon as half women, to be half-petted, half-defended, and half-respected. Be that as it may, they always skulk behind their canonicals as a shield from the fight. I have somewhere read, that ministers are always looked upon as half women, to be half-petted, half-defended, and half-respected. Be that as it may, they always skulk behind their canonicals as a shield from the fight. The time is at hand when the leaven of hypocrisy will have done its work; the agitating mass will throw out the pure, whilst it settles down into a body of corruption. The time is at hand when the leaven of hypocrisy will have done its work; the agitating mass will throw out the pure, whilst it settles down into a body of corruption. Religious revivals have brought in many young and inexperienced persons, who arrogate to themselves all the knowledge and all the responsibility; and to look at their external man, one would think a good share of this world's foppery had stalked into the church. Religious revivals have brought in many young and inexperienced persons, who arrogate to themselves all the knowledge and all the responsibility; and to look at their external man, one would think a good share of this world's foppery had stalked into the church. I presume those two young men, so forward to defend their pastor, Dr. Sharp, and to treat with contempt an aged and respectable officer of the church— and who, for years, gave himself entirely to the office of a Deacon, and whose purse is thousands the lighter for their benefit— I say, to treat such an one with rudeness evinces an arrogance and rudeness as disgraceful to the church and pastor as it is to them. I presume those two young men, so forward to defend their pastor, Dr. Sharp, and to treat with contempt an aged and respectable officer of the church— and who, for years, gave himself entirely to the office of a Deacon, and whose purse is thousands the lighter for their benefit— I say, to treat such an one with rudeness evinces an arrogance and rudeness as disgraceful to the church and pastor as it is to them. 'Another could hardly keep his seat'— no doubt feeling a desire to seek a ghostly reputation even in the cannon's mouth; so like has the church become to a Congress, where a Wise and Stanly may be seen 'sudden and quick in quarrel.' 'Another could hardly keep his seat'— no doubt feeling a desire to seek a ghostly reputation even in the cannon's mouth; so like has the church become to a Congress, where a Wise and Stanly may be seen 'sudden and quick in quarrel.' Every man but a bigoted sectarian ought to feel it an honor to be excommunicated by a pro-slavery church, and no disgrace even if he may be guilty of the charges they may retaliate against him. Every man but a bigoted sectarian ought to feel it an honor to be excommunicated by a pro-slavery church, and no disgrace even if he may be guilty of the charges they may retaliate against him. A religious connection at any time, with any church, especially at the present, is to be dreaded particularly the enmity of pastors and their flocks; for wolves in sheep's clothing and sheep run mad, are actually malign, their rancor being more severe because of outward restraints. A religious connection at any time, with any church, especially at the present, is to be dreaded particularly the enmity of pastors and their flocks; for wolves in sheep's clothing and sheep run mad, are actually malign, their rancor being more severe because of outward restraints. Religious bigotry and religious selfishness close the pores of the moral system, and a diseased action takes place, more violent, because, unlike the world, they cannot take vengeance openly. The policy of the church with abolitionists seems to be one with the world: it is equally tenacious of interest, in defiance of principle. It lays its communications upon the table; it avoids discussion; it has commerce with the South, in Bible, Tract and Missionary exchanges; it prides itself upon its statistics, and its vast machinery of conventions and associations. Religious bigotry and religious selfishness close the pores of the moral system, and a diseased action takes place, more violent, because, unlike the world, they cannot take vengeance openly. The policy of the church with abolitionists seems to be one with the world: it is equally tenacious of interest, in defiance of principle. It lays its communications upon the table; it avoids discussion; it has commerce with the South, in Bible, Tract and Missionary exchanges; it prides itself upon its statistics, and its vast machinery of conventions and associations. The church has its office-seekers also, hundreds of thousands are sent out of the country to the antipodes annually, for the benefit of British subjects, travelling agents, and all its home machinery. How can it afford to lose a penny from the toil of slaves? The church has its office-seekers also, hundreds of thousands are sent out of the country to the antipodes annually, for the benefit of British subjects, travelling agents, and all its home machinery. How can it afford to lose a penny from the toil of slaves? The charge of slander, by the Charles-street Baptist church, must have been a malicious fabrications for, at the excitement upon the reading of the letter it was considered by the hotspurs as an 'insult' to their pastor. But, some time after, when the letter of excommunication came to be written, it was thought best to call it 'slander.' That is to say, an 'insult' is not a sufficient crime to be worthy of excommunication, but 'slander' is— or, perhaps, rather, it did not express sufficient rancorous feeling on their part. The charge of slander, by the Charles-street Baptist church, must have been a malicious fabrications for, at the excitement upon the reading of the letter it was considered by the hotspurs as an 'insult' to their pastor. But, some time after, when the letter of excommunication came to be written, it was thought best to call it 'slander.' That is to say, an 'insult' is not a sufficient crime to be worthy of excommunication, but 'slander' is— or, perhaps, rather, it did not express sufficient rancorous feeling on their part. Now it is always considered an insult among gentlemen, to tell an unwelcome truth to a person's face, in a contemptuous and triumphant manner. But slander is the reverse of all this— viz: telling a malicious lie behind one's back. Now it is always considered an insult among gentlemen, to tell an unwelcome truth to a person's face, in a contemptuous and triumphant manner. But slander is the reverse of all this— viz: telling a malicious lie behind one's back. It only requires the statement of these definitions and the reading of the letters, to see that both charges are plainly and knowingly false; and subject the whole church and pastor to the charge of wilful and malicious defamers. It only requires the statement of these definitions and the reading of the letters, to see that both charges are plainly and knowingly false; and subject the whole church and pastor to the charge of wilful and malicious defamers. Dea. Lothrop, however, must have supposed himself among professing christians; but finds, I presume, they are hardly gentlemen, and, instead of slander being rightly applied to him, they have plainly proved themselves worthy of a preamble and resolution as follows: Dea. Lothrop, however, must have supposed himself among professing christians; but finds, I presume, they are hardly gentlemen, and, instead of slander being rightly applied to him, they have plainly proved themselves worthy of a preamble and resolution as follows: Whereas, the Charles-street Baptist church has maliciously charged Dea. Stillman Lothrop with being a slanderer; therefore, Whereas, the Charles-street Baptist church has maliciously charged Dea. Stillman Lothrop with being a slanderer; therefore, Resolved, That the church and its pastor are no longer followers of Christ, but wilful falsifiers. Resolved, That the church and its pastor are no longer followers of Christ, but wilful falsifiers. PLAIN SPEAKER PLAIN SPEAKER 

 We gave yesterday, what we regarded as the immediate irritating causes of the late outbreak. But beyond these immediate causes, were others deeper far, and, therefore, more deserving our attention, since no corrective can be applied until they are reached. We gave yesterday, what we regarded as the immediate immediate irritating causes of the late outbreak. But beyond these immediate causes, were others deeper far, and, therefore, more deserving our attention, since no corrective can be applied until they are reached. We allude now to the lawlessness which prevails more or less throughout our valley. The law is not quick enough in its action to suit this spirit and, we fear, it is not strong enough to restrain it. Do gamblers infest a neighborhood? It is thought moral and patriotic to seize them, and in the darkness of night, and by brute force, consign them to death by shooting, or drowning them. Is a highway-man caught? Because he may escape, either through the meshes of the law, or the verdict of the jury, men gather together, and forcing him from jail, hang him as if they were judges of the law. We allude now to the lawlessness lawlessness which prevails more or less throughout our valley. The law is not quick enough in its action to suit this spirit and, we fear, it is not strong enough to restrain it. Do gamblers infest a neighborhood? It is thought moral and patriotic to seize them, and in the darkness of night, and by brute force, consign them to death by shooting, or drowning them. Is a highway-man caught? Because he may escape, either through the meshes of the law, or the verdict of the jury, men gather together, and forcing him from jail, hang him as if they were judges of the law. But the strongest proof yet offered of the lawlessness which prevails is to be found in the late outbreak in our city. It was marked by all the characteristics of a fierce, vindictive power— a power which would glut its passion in the lowest and wildest excess. We make every allowance here for the causes which irritated or increased it, and had it simply confined itself to the removal of those causes, we should fear less its movement. But it did not. Not alone was the press torn down— not alone was Burnett's store demolished— not alone were the negro men disarmed and imprisoned—- but an attack was made upon their property, and their wives and children beaten and scattered, as if they had no feeling, and deserved no protection. Why this revengeful conduct? How, is it, that in this land, where the cry of a woman for protection is always deemed enough, that on this occasion the appeal of the mother, and the affrighted screams of her children, stayed not violence, and calmed not its brutal feeling? It was because of this lawless spirit which had such fierce hold upon the community, putting into its heart a love of lust, and a thirst for excitement; and a panting after blood, and all the terrors of destruction, which nothing but force can subdue. But the strongest proof yet offered of the lawlessness which prevails is to be found in the late outbreak in our city. It was marked by all the characteristics of a fierce, vindictive power— a power which would glut its passion in the lowest and wildest excess. We make every allowance here for the causes which irritated or increased it, and had it simply confined itself to the removal of those causes, we should fear less its movement. But it did not. Not alone was the press torn down— not alone was Burnett's store demolished— not alone were the negro men disarmed and imprisoned—- but an attack was made upon their property, and their wives and children beaten and scattered, as if they had no feeling, and deserved no protection. Why this revengeful conduct? How, is it, that in this land, where the cry of a woman for protection is always deemed enough, that on this occasion the appeal of the mother, and the affrighted screams of her children, stayed not violence, and calmed not its brutal feeling? It was because of this lawless spirit which had such fierce hold upon the community, putting into its heart a love of lust, and a thirst for excitement; and a panting after blood, and all the terrors of destruction, which nothing but force can subdue. The mob is quiet, it is said. So it is. As the moon shines upon our streets, and the church clock strikes the hour of twelve, all is still as if the heart of the city were indeed asleep. But it is not subdued. The spirit of lawlessness rests only. It has gained strength by the late action. It feels now as if it could control. And were we to seek out the retired spots, or enter the dwelling places of youth and manhood, and hear there the words of defiance, and see there how boldly authority was scoffed at, and the law scorned, we should realize at once how far this spirit was subdued. It is hardly quiet, even now. It can scarce keep within the bounds of the law even now, so vindictive and bold is it! 'All that I am sorry for,' said a lad the other night to his companions, 'All that I am sorry for, is that we did not sack that store, and give the coffee to the hogs and the whiskey to the men, and then we should have had fun.' This speech called forth a shout, and the company (numbering some twenty, and all youth) left the place where they stood, swearing that they would 'have more fun yet.' And this is the spirit which prevails to a great extent in our city, which even now while we write, is planning and plotting, and is ripe, too, for riot and excess! The mob is quiet, it is said. So it is. As the moon shines upon our streets, and the church clock strikes the hour of twelve, all is still as if the heart of the city were indeed asleep. But it is not subdued. The subdued. The spirit of lawlessness rests only. It has gained strength by the late action. It feels now as if it could control. And were we to seek out the retired spots, or enter the dwelling places of youth and manhood, and hear there the words of defiance, and see there how boldly authority was scoffed at, and the law scorned, we should realize at once how far this spirit was subdued. It It  is hardly quiet, even now. is hardly quiet, even now. It can scarce keep within the bounds of the law even now, so vindictive and bold is it! 'All that I am sorry for,' said a lad the other night to his companions, 'All that I am sorry for, is that we did not sack that store, and give the coffee to the hogs and the whiskey to the men, and then we should have had fun.' This speech called forth a shout, and the company (numbering some twenty, and all youth) left the place where they stood, swearing that they would 'have more fun yet.' And this is the spirit which prevails to a great extent in our city, which even now while we write, is planning and plotting, and is ripe, too, for riot and excess! How, then, is this spirit to be met? How is this lawlessness to be subdued? These are enquiries which every good citizen must make, and we propose in our next briefly to consider them. How, then, is this spirit to be met? How is this lawlessness to be subdued? These are enquiries which every good citizen must make, and we propose in our next briefly to consider them. 

 ATTLEBORO', August 25, 1841. ATTLEBORO', August 25, 1841. The following preamble and resolutions were adopted by the Hebron Church at Attleboro', Mass. without a dissenting voice, after having been several months under consideration, and by vote of the Church are sent to the Liberator for publication. The following preamble and resolutions were adopted by the Hebron Church at Attleboro', Mass. without a dissenting voice, after having been several months under consideration, and by vote of the Church are sent to the Liberator for publication. C.O. READ, Clerk C.O. READ, Clerk Clerk Believing the command of the Great Head of the Church to let our light shine before men, requires us to bear testimony against all anti-christian practices and systems of iniquity; and inasmuch as the position of the professed Church, at large, is equivocal if not on the side of iniquity, in relation to the subjects of reform embodied in the following resolutions; a necessity appears to be laid upon us, if we would bear a faithful and unequivocal testimony, publish to the world our views in relation to them. Believing the command of the Great Head of the Church to let our light shine before men, requires us to bear testimony against all anti-christian practices and systems of iniquity; and inasmuch as the position of the professed Church, at large, is equivocal if not on the side of iniquity, in relation to the subjects of reform embodied in the following resolutions; a necessity appears to be laid upon us, if we would bear a faithful and unequivocal testimony, publish to the world our views in relation to them. Intemperance. Intemperance. Intemperance. Resolved, That the use of intoxicating liquors, as a beverage, is not only unnecessary, but injurious to the best interests of man, and is, therefore, forbidden by Christian principle. Resolved, That the use of intoxicating liquors, as a beverage, is not only unnecessary, but injurious to the best interests of man, and is, therefore, forbidden by Christian principle. Resolved, That inasmuch as the use of alcoholic wine at communion seasons has been and may again be the occasion of stumbling to a weak brother, it should be discarded, and the pure fruit of the vine alone used on such occasions. Resolved, That inasmuch as the use of alcoholic wine at communion seasons has been and may again be the occasion of stumbling to a weak brother, it should be discarded, and the pure fruit of the vine alone used on such occasions. Slavery. Slavery. Slavery. Resolved, That we believe it to be a sin, in all cases, for man to hold his fellow-creatures as property; and that we look upon slavery, as it exists in this country, as a system of iniquity, whose woes cannot be told, whose evils cannot be numbered, whose guilt cannot be measured, and one against which all christians and christian churches are bound to bear faithful testimony, remembering those in bonds as bound with them. Resolved, That we believe it to be a sin, in all cases, for man to hold his fellow-creatures as property; and that we look upon slavery, as it exists in this country, as a system of iniquity, whose woes cannot be told, whose evils cannot be numbered, whose guilt cannot be measured, and one against which all christians and christian churches are bound to bear faithful testimony, remembering those in bonds as bound with them. War. War. War. Resolved, That all wars, under whatever pretence waged, and all preparations for war, are at variance with the requirements of the gospel, and, therefore, no follower of the Prince of Peace can uphold or countenance the war system. Resolved, That all wars, under whatever pretence waged, and all preparations for war, are at variance with the requirements of the gospel, and, therefore, no follower of the Prince of Peace can uphold or countenance the war system. Sectarianism. Sectarianism. Sectarianism. Resolved, That we view the division of the christian church into sects and parties as an evil greatly to be deplored, as tending to weaken the hands of the church, and strengthen those of her enemies, and to produce discord and contention where harmony and love should reign. Resolved, That we view the division of the christian church into sects and parties as an evil greatly to be deplored, as tending to weaken the hands of the church, and strengthen those of her enemies, and to produce discord and contention where harmony and love should reign. Resolved, That christians are not authorised by their Lord and Master, to exclude from his church or forbid to approach his table, any who give credible evidence that they have been received by Him, however numerous or important the errors entertained by them may be regarded; but that we are bound in all cases, to receive one another, even as Christ hath received us. Resolved, That christians are not authorised by their Lord and Master, to exclude from his church or forbid to approach his table, any who give credible evidence that they have been received by Him, however numerous or important the errors entertained by them may be regarded; but that we are bound in all cases, to receive one another, even as Christ hath received us. 

 Since the above was written, we have thought it advisable to allude to two facts. The first is the conduct of the boys and men in seizing negroes wherever found, on Saturday last. They were sought after in private houses, and even the presence of age, or the appeals of ladies, did not deter them in their conduct. When, in any civilized community, were such scenes ever witnessed before? It shows to what length men will go when passion governs them. Since the above was written, we have thought it advisable to allude to two facts. The first is the conduct of the boys and men in seizing negroes wherever found, on Saturday last. They were sought after in private houses, and even the presence of age, or the appeals of ladies, did not deter them in their conduct. When, in any civilized community, were such scenes ever witnessed before? It shows to what length men will go when passion governs them. The second fact to which we would refer, is the attack on Josiah Lawrence's store. This gentleman needs no praise from any one. He is one of the best citizens we have. Yet neither his character nor his age could save him from the threatenings of the mob, and that, too, for an act which should have commanded the respect of the rudest savage— the protection of his own household. The second fact to which we would refer, is the attack on Josiah Lawrence's store. This gentleman needs no praise from any one. He is one of the best citizens we have. Yet neither his character nor his age could save him from the threatenings of the mob, and that, too, for an act which should have commanded the respect of the rudest savage— the protection of his own household. These circumstances show, if any thing can, the lawlessness of the spirit which governed this city on Saturday last.— Ibid. These circumstances show, if any thing can, the lawlessness of the spirit which governed this city on Saturday last.— Ibid. Ibid. 

 Wisconsan— The Central Baptist Association of Wisconsan have taken decided grounds against slavery. The following resolutions were passed at their second anniversary held at Southport, in Sept. and October last: Wisconsan Wisconsan — The Central Baptist Association of Wisconsan have taken decided grounds against slavery. The following resolutions were passed at their second anniversary held at Southport, in Sept. and October last: Resolved. That we will hold no church fellowship with slaveholders, or slaveholding churches, or those who in any way are voluntarily implicated in the sin of slaveholding. Resolved. That we will hold no church fellowship with slaveholders, or slaveholding churches, or those who in any way are voluntarily implicated in the sin of slaveholding. Resolved, That we, as a component part of the American church, are in duty bound to use every lawful and Christian means to bring about the speedy and effectual abolition of slavery in the United States. Resolved, That we, as a component part of the American church, are in duty bound to use every lawful and Christian means to bring about the speedy and effectual abolition of slavery in the United States. The Lancaster Presbytery, last April, passed the following: The Lancaster Presbytery, last April, passed the following: 'Resolved, That this Presbytery, regarding slavery as a heinous sin, cannot in conscience either welcome or admit to the communion of the Lord's supper in our churches, those who persist in the practice of it.' 'Resolved, That this Presbytery, regarding slavery as a heinous sin, cannot in conscience either welcome or admit to the communion of the Lord's supper in our churches, those who persist in the practice of it.' They also passed a resolution on temperamee, in which they declare the selling of grain to distillers an offence worthy of discipline.— Signal of Liberty. They also passed a resolution on temperamee, in which they declare the selling of grain to distillers an offence worthy of discipline.— Signal of Liberty. Signal of Liberty. 

 We copy the following notice, from the Emancipator, for the benefit of any, or all, whom it may concern. What would be the sentiment of the American Anti-Slavery Society, or even of its Executive Committee, on this subject, I know not. I am responsible only for my own opinion. My own convictions of duty are clear as the noon. Having the anti-slavery cause deeply at heart, I deprecate nothing so much as even an appearance of union between the old and new organization. A union with colonization would seem to me as practicable, and quite as safe. If this painful warfare has been for anything but principle, we are indeed most blameworthy— most unpardonable in the sight of God and man. But it was a division on principle; and principles do not change their nature, as expediency does. That which was false, remains false; that which was true, remains true. They cannot unite together; the thing is impossible. We copy the following notice, from the Emancipator, for the benefit of any, or all, whom it may concern. What would be the sentiment of the American Anti-Slavery Society, or even of its Executive Committee, on this subject, I know not. I am responsible only for my own opinion. My own convictions of duty are clear as the noon. Having the anti-slavery cause deeply at heart, I deprecate nothing so much as even an appearance appearance of union between the old and new organization. A union with colonization would seem to me as practicable, and quite as safe. If this painful warfare has been for anything but principle, principle, we are indeed most blameworthy— most unpardonable in the sight of God and man. But it was was a division on principle; and principles do not change their nature, as expediency does. That which was false, remains false; that which was true, remains true. They cannot unite together; the thing is impossible. The gentlemen invited to attend are all new organizationists, except James C. Jackson; if we omit Gerrit Smith, who stands on 'debatable ground.' I have not the slightest tinge of personal unkindness towards a single individual of them all; but until they openly acknowledge that their secession from the American Society was founded on a mistaken principle, I would as soon appear to be acting in concert with R.R. Gurley, as with them. The gentlemen invited to attend are all new organizationists, except James C. Jackson; if we omit Gerrit Smith, who stands on 'debatable ground.' I have not the slightest tinge of personal unkindness towards a single individual of them all; but until they openly acknowledge that their secession from the American Society was founded on a mistaken principle, I would as soon appear to be acting in concert with R.R. Gurley, as with them. This declaration is as painful to me as the drawing of a tooth; but I am constrained thereto by the unbiased dictates of my conscience. I look upon these invitations to 'union,' from various quarters, with distrust and alarm. I dread insidious friendship more than open enmity. If we suffer ourselves to be deceived by these solicitations, we shall assuredly make shipwreck of our noble cause, and that, too, when we are just beginning to outride the storm in safety. This declaration is as painful to me as the drawing of a tooth; but I am constrained thereto by the unbiased dictates of my conscience. I look upon these invitations to 'union,' from various quarters, with distrust and alarm. I dread insidious friendship more than open enmity. If we suffer ourselves to be deceived by these solicitations, we shall assuredly make shipwreck of our noble cause, and that, too, when we are just beginning to outride the storm in safety. Let new organizationists pursue their way in freedom, by such means as they choose; but let us avoid all partnership, or compromise, for conscience's sake. Let new organizationists pursue their way in freedom, by such means as they choose; but let us avoid all partnership, or compromise, for conscience's sake. L.M.C. L.M.C. 

 The first number of a new periodical, the 'Madison County Abolitionist,' published in Cazenovia, N. [ ]. by Luther Myrick, and edited by James C. Jackson, is on our table, adding one more to the strong [ ] of anti-slavery journals in the land, and furnishing another consolatory token to the spirit of slavery, that 'abolition is dying away.' The motto chosen [ ] the paper is gloriously indomitable and exterminating:— 'Liberty and Slavery are perfect antagonisms '[ ] OR THE OTHER MUST PERISH.' Liberty has [ ] made up her mind not to perish, and Slavery might as well give up the ghost without attempting to [ ] out any longer a vile and miserable existence. We welcome our beloved friend Jackson to the editorial fraternity, because he has both tact and talent to [ ] such a place, honorably to himself, and profitably to the cause. Sickness and a bronchial affection of the throat have almost disabled him from lecturing; [ ] is a happy circumstance that he can use his pen a readily and efficiently as he once could his voice. We are sure that he will make the 'Abolitionist' an interesting and a valuable sheet; that he will not give [ ] quarter to pro-slavery in any shape or form, either in Church or State, at the ballot-box or in 'the great congregation;' that he will never go for the abridgment of the OLD PLATFORM to the nineteenth part of [ ] inch; that he will use plain language in dealing with the sins of the age, and with the sinners also; and that, while he will 'nothing extenuate,' he will not 'act down aught in malice.' There is, fortunately, a remarkable dissimilarity in the manner, matter, taste and style of the various anti-slavery periodicals; and this new paper, in these particulars, will be equally sui generis— for its editor is the copyist of no man. The first number of a new periodical, the 'Madison County Abolitionist,' published in Cazenovia, N. [ ]. by Luther Myrick, and edited by James C. Jackson, is on our table, adding one more to the strong [ ] of anti-slavery journals in the land, and furnishing another consolatory consolatory token to the spirit of slavery, that 'abolition is dying away.' The motto chosen [ ] the paper is gloriously indomitable and exterminating:— 'Liberty and Slavery are perfect antagonisms '[ ] OR THE OTHER MUST PERISH.' Liberty has [ ] made up her mind not to perish, and Slavery might as well give up the ghost without attempting to [ ] out any longer a vile and miserable existence. We welcome our beloved friend Jackson to the editorial fraternity, because he has both tact and talent to [ ] such a place, honorably to himself, and profitably to the cause. Sickness and a bronchial affection of the throat have almost disabled him from lecturing; [ ] is a happy circumstance that he can use his pen a readily and efficiently as he once could his voice. We are sure that he will make the 'Abolitionist' an interesting and a valuable sheet; that he will not give [ ] quarter to pro-slavery in any shape or form, either in Church or State, at the ballot-box or in 'the great congregation;' that he will never go for the abridgment of the OLD PLATFORM to the nineteenth part of [ ] inch; that he will use plain language in dealing with the sins of the age, and with the sinners also; and that, while he will 'nothing extenuate,' he will not 'act down aught in malice.' There is, fortunately, a remarkable dissimilarity in the manner, matter, taste and style of the various anti-slavery periodicals; and this new paper, in these particulars, will be equally sui generis sui generis — for its editor is the copyist of no man. The only feeling of regret we experience in reading this introductory number of the Abolitionist is, to perceive that our friend JACKSON has consented to go for the third party movement. Hitherto, no man has been more strenuous in opposing that movement than himself; no one has regarded it as unwise, uncalled for, and injurious in its tendencies, more sincerely than himself; and no one has made greater exertions to induce abolitionists not to organize into a political party than himself, from a persuasion that it would serve to lower the moral tone of their sacred enterprise, and to hinder even its political progress. Some of his old convictions seem to remain in his mind. While he says, 'I shall give my influence to the support of independent nominations, and do it cheerfully,' He adds— 'I confess I have so much egotism as to think I could devise a safer and speedier plan of operations; safer, inasmuch as it would relieve the cause of some tendencies I would were not in existence; speedier, because I believe the people could be reached faster, and their prejudices uprooted sooner.' Yet, as a 'vast majority in New-York,' think the independent nomination decidedly the most efficient plan, he yields up his own, 'rather than to be made a mere abstraction.' He considers it useless for him, in such a case, to argue about a plan, but to do the best he can with the only plan that he can make of practical use— &c. The only feeling of regret we experience in reading this introductory number of the Abolitionist is, to perceive that our friend JACKSON has consented to go for the third party movement. Hitherto, no man has been more strenuous in opposing that movement than himself; no one has regarded it as unwise, uncalled for, and injurious in its tendencies, more sincerely than himself; and no one has made greater exertions to induce abolitionists not to organize into a political party than himself, from a persuasion that it would serve to lower the moral tone of their sacred enterprise, and to hinder even its political progress. Some of his old convictions seem to remain in his mind. While he says, 'I shall give my influence to the support of independent nominations, and do it cheerfully,' He adds— 'I confess I have so much egotism as to think I could devise a safer and speedier plan of operations; safer, inasmuch as it would relieve the cause of some tendencies I would were not in existence; speedier, because I believe the people could be reached faster, and their prejudices uprooted sooner.' Yet, as a 'vast majority in New-York,' think the independent nomination decidedly the most efficient plan, he yields up his own, 'rather than to be made a mere a bstraction. bstraction. ' He considers it useless for him, in such a case, to argue about a plan, but to do the best he can with the only plan that he can make of practical use— &c. We are not satisfied with the reasoning of our friend, though we do not doubt that it is satisfactory to his own mind. We cannot agree with him, that those who refuse to become the advocates of a third party are making themselves 'mere abstractions;' or that it is proper for any man to surrender his own convictions of duty, or to espouse a movement which he deems unsafe in its tendencies, and lingering in its progress, merely because he happens to find himself is a small minority. It seems to us that nothing has transpired to alter the character of the third party movement from its inception; that the same reasons [ ] for opposing it now, as were deemed unanswerable formerly; and that the old primitive position ought not be abandoned for one confessedly perilous. We are not satisfied with the reasoning of our friend, though we do not doubt that it is satisfactory to his own mind. We cannot agree with him, that those who refuse to become the advocates of a third party are making themselves 'mere abstractions;' or that it is proper for any man to surrender his own convictions of duty, or to espouse a movement which he deems unsafe in its tendencies, and lingering in its progress, merely because he happens to find himself is a small minority. It seems to us that nothing has transpired to alter the character of the third party movement from its inception; that the same reasons [ ] for opposing it now, as were deemed unanswerable formerly; and that the old primitive position ought not be abandoned for one confessedly perilous. It is obvious that the third party movement has obtained a considerable increase of friends among the abolitionists; but we do not believe that a majority of them, throughout the country, regard it with a favorable eye. In this opinion, however, we may be mistaken. We should be more impressed by this increase, if we were satisfied that it has been the growth of principle, instead of the love of political adventure. There is something to the human mind bewitching in politics and when men can persuade themselves that they are verily doing God service by becoming politicians, it is to be expected that they will feel no reluctance, but something of enthusiasm, in plunging up to their very necks in the mire of politics. It is obvious that the third party movement has obtained a considerable increase of friends among the abolitionists; but we do not believe that a majority of them, throughout the country, regard it with a favorable eye. In this opinion, however, we may be mistaken. We should be more impressed by this increase, if we were satisfied that it has been the growth of principle, instead of the love of political adventure. There is something to the human mind bewitching in politics and when men can persuade themselves that they are verily doing God service by becoming politicians, it is to be expected that they will feel no reluctance, but something of enthusiasm, in plunging up to their very necks in the mire of politics. We admit that the mode of political action, to be pursued by abolitionists, is not strictly a question of principle, but rather one of sound expediency. We have never opposed the formation of a third party as a measure inherently wrong, but have always contended that the abolitionists have as clear and indisputable a right to band themselves together politically for the attainment of their great object, as those of our fellow-citizens who call themselves whigs or democrats. It is for every abolitionist, who uses the elective franchise, to be fully persuaded in his own mind, and to cast his vote in a fearless and independent manner, let who will censure or applaud his decision. 'To his own master, he stands or falls.' But a very reflecting mind may easily perceive, that to disregard the dictates of sound expediency may often prove as injurious to an enterprise as to violate principle. It is solely on this ground that we oppose what is called the 'liberty party.' We believe it is highly independent, and therefore not the best mode to advance the anti-slavery cause. The rash, precipitate, almost factious manner in which it was formed, early excited our distrust as to the disinterestedness of the movement; and though we are not disposed to question the honesty of many who support it, we still remain to be convinced that its tendency is good. In our judgment, it is based upon a very gross error. It assumes that the northern whig and democratic parties, as such, are indissolubly wedded to slavery, and, therefore, that it is delusive to suppose that they will never be induced to espouse the anti-slavery cause. Now if the people that compose those parties at the North cannot be converted by moral suasion, it is perfectly plain that the third party will for ever constitute a most insignificant minority, and thus fail to accomplish its object. If they can be, then this new party is as needless as a fifth wheel to a coach. We believe they can be thus converted, and that they will seize the earliest opportunity (i. e. in the political game of chances) to break their present alliance with southern task-masters: hence, that the third party is needless. We admit that the mode mode of political action, to be pursued by abolitionists, is not strictly a question of principle, but rather one of sound expediency. We have never opposed the formation of a third party as a measure inherently wrong, but have always contended that the abolitionists have as clear and indisputable a right to band themselves together politically for the attainment of their great object, as those of our fellow-citizens who call themselves whigs or democrats. It is for every abolitionist, who uses the elective franchise, to be fully persuaded in his own mind, and to cast his vote in a fearless and independent manner, let who will censure or applaud his decision. 'To his own master, he stands or falls.' But a very reflecting mind may easily perceive, that to disregard the dictates of sound expediency may often prove as injurious to an enterprise as to violate principle. It is solely on this ground that we oppose what is called the 'liberty party.' We believe it is highly independent, and therefore not the best mode to advance the anti-slavery cause. The rash, precipitate, almost factious manner in which it was formed, early excited our distrust as to the disinterestedness of the movement; and though we are not disposed to question the honesty of many who support it, we still remain to be convinced that its tendency is good. In our judgment, it is based upon a very gross error. It assumes that the northern whig and democratic parties, as such, are indissolubly wedded to slavery, and, therefore, that it is delusive to suppose that they will never be induced to espouse the anti-slavery cause. Now if the people that compose those parties at the North cannot be converted by moral suasion, it is perfectly plain that the third party will for ever constitute a most insignificant minority, and thus fail to accomplish its object. If they can be, then this new party is as needless as a fifth wheel to a coach. We believe they can be thus converted, and that they will seize the earliest opportunity (i. e. in the political game of chances) to break their present alliance with southern task-masters: hence, that the third party is needless. We take very little interest in the papers which are devoted to the advocacy of 'independent nominations.' The scramble for the loaves and fishes of office, now going on among professed abolitionists, (ostensibly for the promotion of the anti-slavery cause,) [ ] a spectacle which we do not contemplate with pleasure. Formerly, they solemnly averred that it was not their intention to organize a distinct political party, and that they neither sought the honors and emoluments of political preferment, nor desired to possess them. Their position was then full of moral sublimity. What is it now? We take very little interest in the papers which are devoted to the advocacy of 'independent nominations.' The scramble for the loaves and fishes of office, now going on among professed abolitionists, (ostensibly for the promotion of the anti-slavery cause,) [ ] a spectacle which we do not contemplate with pleasure. Formerly, they solemnly averred that it was not their intention to organize a distinct political party, and that they neither sought the honors and emoluments of political preferment, nor desired to possess them. Their position was then full of moral sublimity. What is it now? We would admonish our friend Jackson not to allow his mind to be diverted from the moral part of our warfare by the bustle of 'political action.' Let his blows continue, as of old, to fall thick and fast up [ ] 'the great bulwark of slavery, the American Church,' and its time-serving priesthood. In that case, success to the Madison County Abolitionist:— Gerrit Smith generously contributes $150 per annum towards the salary of its worthy editor. We would admonish our friend Jackson not to allow his mind to be diverted from the moral part of our warfare by the bustle of 'political action.' Let his blows continue, as of old, to fall thick and fast up [ ] 'the great bulwark of slavery, the American Church,' and its time-serving priesthood. In that case, success to the Madison County Abolitionist:— Gerrit Smith generously contributes $150 per annum towards the salary of its worthy editor. 

 The abolitionists, male and female, of Albany and adjacent counties, are invited to attend a meeting to be held in the city of Albany, on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 21st and 22d days of Sept. inst., to take into consideration the subject of American slavery, as it affects our social, political and religious institutions, and propose for action such measures as upon mature and prayerful deliberation, shall be deemed to be duty to God and man. The abolitionists, male and female, of Albany and adjacent counties, are invited to attend a meeting to be held in the city of Albany, on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 21st and 22d days of Sept. inst., to take into consideration the subject of American slavery, as it affects our social, political and religious institutions, and propose for action such measures as upon mature and prayerful deliberation, shall be deemed to be duty to God and man. It is hoped there will be a full attendance of those who labor and pray for the immediate abolition, without distinction of sect or party. Let past differences of opinion be forgotten, and let us come together as brethren, with a spirit of conciliation and forbearance. The following gentlemen have been invited to attend: Theodore D. Weld, Joshua Leavitt, E.D. Culver, H.B. Stanton, Dr. Beman, Alvan Stewart, Beriah Green, Wm. Goodell, Gerrit Smith, James C. Jackson, James G. Birney, and other distinguished friends of the oppressed, several of whom have already signified their intention to attend. It is hoped there will be a full attendance of those who labor and pray for the immediate abolition, without distinction of sect or party. without distinction of sect or party. Let past differences of opinion be forgotten, and let us come together as brethren, with a spirit of conciliation and forbearance. The following gentlemen have been invited to attend: Theodore D. Weld, Joshua Leavitt, E.D. Culver, H.B. Stanton, Dr. Beman, Alvan Stewart, Beriah Green, Wm. Goodell, Gerrit Smith, James C. Jackson, James G. Birney, and other distinguished friends of the oppressed, several of whom have already signified their intention to attend. The abolitionists of Albany will provide entertainment for friends from abroad. The abolitionists of Albany will provide entertainment for friends from abroad. Table  Table  Albany, Sept. 1, 1841. Albany, Sept. 1, 1841. 

 The shocking outrages which have been recently perpetrated upon the property and persons of the colored population of Cincinnati and some of their white friends, by a lawless mob, should kindle a flame of indignation throughout the free States, and in a special manner stimulate the abolitionists of Ohio to still mightier exertions for the downfall of slavery. Meetings should be held by them, in every town and village in the State, with sole reference to this riot, and measures forthwith taken to procure another press on which to print the Philanthropist. In order to assist and encourage them, it was unanimously voted, at a meeting of the Board of Managers of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, on Monday last, that $100 be transmitted to the unflinching editor of that paper, and applied in the manner set forth in the following The shocking outrages which have been recently perpetrated upon the property and persons of the colored population of Cincinnati and some of their white friends, by a lawless mob, should kindle a flame of indignation throughout the free States, and in a special manner stimulate the abolitionists of Ohio to still mightier exertions for the downfall of slavery. Meetings should be held by them, in every town and village in the State, with sole reference to this riot, and measures forthwith taken to procure another press on which to print the Philanthropist. In order to assist and encourage them, it was unanimously voted, at a meeting of the Board of Managers of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, on Monday last, that $100 be transmitted to the unflinching editor of that paper, and applied in the manner set forth in the following BOSTON, Sept. 27, 1841. BOSTON, Sept. 27, 1841. DR. GAMALIEL BAILEY, Jr. DR. GAMALIEL BAILEY, Jr. DEAR SIR,— In accordance with a unanimous vote of the Board of Managers of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, at a meeting held in Boston this day, at 25 Cornhill, it is our privilege to transmit to you the enclosed draft for one hundred dollars, as a donation from the treasury of the Society, to be applied to the purchase of another press for the Philanthropist, in the place of that which was recently destroyed by the mob in Cincinnati. This sum, though trifling in itself, is nevertheless large, in view of the pecuniary ability of the Massachusetts Society at the present time. It is presented to you, by the Board, in the name of the members and friends of that Society throughout the Commonwealth, as a token of the abhorrence with which they unitedly regard the late riotous proceedings in your city— of the esteem and admiration in which you are held by them, for the rare moral courage and noble fidelity to the cause of bleeding humanity, which you exhibit at this perilous crisis, as well as for what you have done and suffered on other trying occasions— and of their determination never to give up the conflict with slavery, until it be extirpated from the American soil. It is not doubted that the abolitionists of Ohio will promptly rally to your aid, and erect a new anti-slavery press for every old one that the minions of the slaveholding power may mutilate or destroy. This should be done without delay. The action of the friends of freedom, in such an emergency, should be as rapid as the motion of light, and as resistless as the tide of Niagara. Let there be no faltering— no delay— no cant about the duty of acting cautiously and prudently— no counselling to suspend operations until a more favorable period. NOW is the best, the only time; and to act boldly and uncompromisingly is the highest dictate of wisdom, the best caution, and the soundest policy. Whoever is for turning back, or beating a retreat, or discontinuing the publication of the Philanthropist even for an hour, betrays a weak and cowardly, if not a treacherous and wicked spirit. Give no heed to such counsellors; but 'trust in the Lord, and do good,' and he will be 'a very present help in time of trouble.' Cincinnati has been fully disgraced: it is anti-slavery alone that can redeem her character. Her children shall yet rise up, and call you and your persecuted coadjutors blessed. Your country, deemed from her great iniquity, shall rank you among her truest friends, and her noblest benefactors. Judging from the past, we are confident that you will remain firm and faithful to the end. DEAR SIR,— In accordance with a unanimous vote of the Board of Managers of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, at a meeting held in Boston this day, at 25 Cornhill, it is our privilege to transmit to you the enclosed draft for one hundred dollars, as a donation from the treasury of the Society, to be applied to the purchase of another press for the Philanthropist, in the place of that which was recently destroyed by the mob in Cincinnati. This sum, though trifling in itself, is nevertheless large, in view of the pecuniary ability of the Massachusetts Society at the present time. It is presented to you, by the Board, in the name of the members and friends of that Society throughout the Commonwealth, as a token of the abhorrence with which they unitedly regard the late riotous proceedings in your city— of the esteem and admiration in which you are held by them, for the rare moral courage and noble fidelity to the cause of bleeding humanity, which you exhibit at this perilous crisis, as well as for what you have done and suffered on other trying occasions— and of their determination never to give up the conflict with slavery, until it be extirpated from the American soil. It is not doubted that the abolitionists of Ohio will promptly rally to your aid, and erect a new anti-slavery press for every old one that the minions of the slaveholding power may mutilate or destroy. This should be done without delay. The action of the friends of freedom, in such an emergency, should be as rapid as the motion of light, and as resistless as the tide of Niagara. Let there be no faltering— no delay— no cant about the duty of acting cautiously and prudently— no counselling to suspend operations until a more favorable period. NOW is the best, the only time; and to act boldly and uncompromisingly is the highest dictate of wisdom, the best caution, and the soundest policy. Whoever is for turning back, or beating a retreat, or discontinuing the publication of the Philanthropist even for an hour, betrays a weak and cowardly, if not a treacherous and wicked spirit. Give no heed to such counsellors; but 'trust in the Lord, and do good,' and he will be 'a very present help in time of trouble.' Cincinnati has been fully disgraced: it is anti-slavery alone that can redeem her character. Her children shall yet rise up, and call you and your persecuted coadjutors blessed. Your country, deemed from her great iniquity, shall rank you among her truest friends, and her noblest benefactors. Judging from the past, we are confident that you will remain firm and faithful to the end. The sympathies of thousands, in this section of the country, are deeply excited in behalf of the colored population of Cincinnati, whose cries have entered into the ear of the Lord of Sabbath. May they have grace vouchsafed to them from on high, so as not to return evil for evil, but blessing for cursing— remembering that it is always better to suffer wrong than to do wrong. Let them be assured that the wrath of their enemies shall be made instrumental to the deliverance of all who are in bonds. The sympathies of thousands, in this section of the country, are deeply excited in behalf of the colored population of Cincinnati, whose cries have entered into the ear of the Lord of Sabbath. May they have grace vouchsafed to them from on high, so as not to return evil for evil, but blessing for cursing— remembering that it is always better to suffer wrong than to do wrong. Let them be assured that the wrath of their enemies shall be made instrumental to the deliverance of all who are in bonds. The Board, in forwarding the enclosed mite, feel none the less gratified to be able to give this expression of their sympathy and esteem because they have very seriously differed in opinion with the Philanthropist, in regard to the unhappy division which has taken place in the anti-slavery ranks within the last two years. However much they may have lamented this disagreement, they have never doubted the purity of your motives, while they have ever highly appreciated your editorial candor and ability. They bid you God speed. The Board, in forwarding the enclosed mite, feel none the less gratified to be able to give this expression of their sympathy and esteem because they have very seriously differed in opinion with the Philanthropist, in regard to the unhappy division which has taken place in the anti-slavery ranks within the last two years. However much they may have lamented this disagreement, they have never doubted the purity of your motives, while they have ever highly appreciated your editorial candor and ability. They bid you God speed. In behalf of the Board, In behalf of the Board, Table  Table  

 We like the following article for its candor and fairness of reasoning. That the Eastern Rail-Road Company will find public opinion against them in the arbitrary and tyrannical rule they have adopted, of compelling people of color to take a car by themselves, we have no manner of doubt; and the mode recommended, of applying to the Legislature, if they do not rescind the obnoxious rule, will, probably, set matters right. The ideas suggested by the writer are not new to us. We have long entertained the same, and we have often heard them expressed by others. We have heard of several cases of cruelty and gross injustice to respectable colored individuals, which will open the eyes of the people. Because a case of this kind was tried by some Justice of the Peace in New-Bedford, it is quoted as judicial authority! The subject only needs a little examination. Our laws are made to protect the weak. We like the following article for its candor and fairness of reasoning. That the Eastern Rail-Road Company will find public opinion against them in the arbitrary and tyrannical rule they have adopted, of compelling people of color to take a car by themselves, we have no manner of doubt; and the mode recommended, of applying to the Legislature, if they do not rescind the obnoxious rule, will, probably, set matters right. The ideas suggested by the writer are not new to us. We have long entertained the same, and we have often heard them expressed by others. We have heard of several cases of cruelty and gross injustice to respectable colored individuals, which will open the eyes of the people. Because a case of this kind was tried by some Justice of the Peace in New-Bedford, Justice of the Peace in New-Bedford, it is quoted as judicial authority! The subject only needs a little examination. Our laws are made to protect the weak.  Are the Directors and Superintendents of Railroad Corporations to be suffered to tyrannize over the free citizens of this republic? Is there no way by which the weak may be protected against insult and injury? A short time since, a person, of some shades darker color than the generality of travellers, bought a ticket at the Eastern Railroad depot, in Boston, and on arriving at East Boston, he took a seat in one of the cars appropriated to passengers. One of the conductors soon came to him to inquire how he came to occupy a seat there; he replied that he had bought a ticket and paid the full price therefor, and thought himself entitled to any vacant seat in the cars. He was then asked whether he called himself a person of color or not; he immediately admitted that the designation belonged to him; he was then told that a particular car was appropriated to the use of colored passengers, to which he must repair. The manner in which this information was given, indicated an intention to enforce a compliance, to avoid which, the person civilly withdrew, and took a seat in the car which the directors have seen fit to appropriate to the use of colored persons. The person on the same seat with the one that was required to remove, being of a dark complexion, was well satisfied with a companion but very little darker than himself. If the corporation will persist in enforcing this regulation, an appeal to the Legislature should be made, not by the colored race themselves, but by every white person who feels the insult offered to his species by their attempt to degrade his fellow-man on account of his complexion. If a memorial to the Legislature can be got up, it should be widely circulated, that every one who abhors this rule of separation and exclusion may have an opportunity of subscribing. Such would be the general feeling in regard to this subject, that the directors themselves might be convinced, that, in establishing this obnoxious rule, they had mistaken the fastidious taste of a few of aristocratic feelings, for the prevailing opinions of the mass of the community. Are the Directors and Superintendents of Railroad Corporations to be suffered to tyrannize over the free citizens of this republic? Is there no way by which the weak may be protected against insult and injury? A short time since, a person, of some shades darker color than the generality of travellers, bought a ticket at the Eastern Railroad depot, in Boston, and on arriving at East Boston, he took a seat in one of the cars appropriated to passengers. One of the conductors soon came to him to inquire how he came to occupy a seat there; he replied that he had bought a ticket and paid the full price therefor, and thought himself entitled to any vacant seat in the cars. He was then asked whether he called himself a person of color color or not; he immediately admitted that the designation belonged to him; he was then told that a particular car was appropriated to the use of colored passengers, to which he must repair. The manner manner in which this information was given, indicated an intention to enforce a compliance, to avoid which, the person civilly withdrew, and took a seat in the car which the directors have seen fit to appropriate to the use of colored persons. The person on the same seat with the one that was required to remove, being of a dark complexion, was well satisfied with a companion but very little darker than himself. If the corporation will persist in enforcing this regulation, an appeal to the Legislature should be made, not by the colored race themselves, but by every white person who feels the insult offered to his species by their attempt to degrade his fellow-man on account of his complexion. If a memorial to the Legislature can be got up, it should be widely circulated, that every one who abhors this rule of separation and exclusion may have an opportunity of subscribing. Such would be the general feeling in regard to this subject, that the directors themselves might be convinced, that, in establishing this obnoxious rule, they had mistaken the fastidious taste of a few of aristocratic feelings, for the prevailing opinions of the mass of the community. R.S. R.S. 

 It is not often that the South has laid herself open to the charge of inconsistency, in regard to her slave system; while the North has veered like a weather-vane in all directions. Recently, however, the South has taken a position, which is at once fatal to her slaveholding pretensions, and reproachful to her vaunted firmness and unchangeableness. She has consented to the sending of EDWARD EVERETT as Minister to the Court of St. James— a man who stands before the world avowedly as an abolitionist, who has publicly endorsed the distinctive principles of the abolitionists, and who, (if professed hostility to slavery be an atrocious crime in the eyes of the South, and she be no hypocrite,) as justly deserves to be regarded and treated as an outlaw in all the slaveholding regions, as the editor of the Liberator. In voting to send Mr. Everett to England, the South has conceded the whole ground of controversy on the subject of slavery— acknowledged that her charges against the abolitionists have been wantonly malicious— and placed herself in the attitude of a ruthless persecutor of innocent and philanthropic men. If she be unwilling to admit this, she must then take the other horn of the dilemma, and confess that her cowardly heart has quailed before the menacing air of the North, during the uncertainty of Mr. Everett's appointment; and that she has been induced to sacrifice principle from motives of expediency. We have never doubted her cowardice any more than we have her wickedness. She can bluster, and that is all. She is as stealthy and cruel as an assassin, but courage she has really none. She can stab in the dark, but a fair field fills her with terror. A calm, majestic front, a bold position, and a fearless tone, on the part of the North, force her to submission at once. 'The wicked flee when no man pursueth, but the righteous are as bold as a lion.' O that the North were truly righteous! How would slavery vanish at her presence! It is not often that the South has laid herself open to the charge of inconsistency, in regard to her slave system; while the North has veered like a weather-vane in all directions. Recently, however, the South has taken a position, which is at once fatal to her slaveholding pretensions, and reproachful to her vaunted firmness and unchangeableness. She has consented to the sending of EDWARD EVERETT as Minister to the Court of St. James— a man who stands before the world avowedly as an abolitionist, who has publicly endorsed the distinctive principles of the abolitionists, and who, (if professed hostility to slavery be an atrocious crime in the eyes of the South, and she be no hypocrite,) as justly deserves to be regarded and treated as an outlaw in all the slaveholding regions, as the editor of the Liberator. In voting to send Mr. Everett to England, the South has conceded the whole ground of controversy on the subject of slavery— acknowledged that her charges against the abolitionists have been wantonly malicious— and placed herself in the attitude of a ruthless persecutor of innocent and philanthropic men. If she be unwilling to admit this, she must then take the other horn of the dilemma, and confess that her cowardly heart has quailed before the menacing air of the North, during the uncertainty of Mr. Everett's appointment; and that she has been induced to sacrifice principle from motives of expediency. We have never doubted her cowardice any more than we have her wickedness. She can bluster, and that is all. She is as stealthy and cruel as an assassin, but courage she has really none. She can stab in the dark, but a fair field fills her with terror. A calm, majestic front, a bold position, and a fearless tone, on the part of the North, force her to submission at once. 'The wicked flee when no man pursueth, but the righteous are as bold as a lion.' O that the North were truly righteous! How would slavery vanish at her presence! 

 To the Editor of the Lynn Record: To the Editor of the Lynn Record: To the Editor of the Lynn Record: The following circumstance is of such a nature, that I deem it my duty to lay it before the public. The following circumstance is of such a nature, that I deem it my duty to lay it before the public. On the first of the present month, I, with my daughter and her two children, one about a year, and the other three years old, together with a respectable colored woman, who had been residing in . . . of assisting in taking some of the children, took the cars at the depot in this town, on our way to Philadelphia, the place of my daughter's residence. Very soon after getting under way, the conductor came and whispered to me, saying, 'You must not think to take a colored person in with you again— this is the second time— and if you ever do it again, she shall be taken out.' I said, that under such circumstances, it would be next to impossible to get along without her assistance— if she is removed, we must go with her. The conductor replied— 'No, you shall not.' I remonstrated with him, but without effect. He assured me the like offence should not be repeated! On the railroad from Boston to Stonington, we had no trouble on account of our not being all of one shade of complexion. My daughter, her children and servant, took the saloon car, and on board the steamboat they all took lodgings in the cabin. Comment on such outrageous proceedings is unnecessary. Will the public tolerate them longer on the Eastern Rail-Road? On the first of the present month, I, with my daughter and her two children, one about a year, and the other three years old, together with a respectable colored woman, colored woman, who had been residing in . . . of assisting in taking some of the children, took the cars at the depot in this town, on our way to Philadelphia, the place of my daughter's residence. Very soon after getting under way, the conductor came and whispered to me, saying, ' You must not think to take a colored person in with you again— this is the second time— and if you ever do it again, she shall be taken out. You must not think to take a colored person in with you again— this is the second time— and if you ever do it again, she shall be taken out. ' I said, that under such circumstances, it would be next to impossible to get along without her assistance— if she is removed, we must go with her. The conductor replied— ' No, you shall not.' No, you shall not.' I remonstrated with him, but without effect. He assured me the like offence offence should not be repeated! On the railroad from Boston to Stonington, we had no trouble on account of our not being all of one shade of complexion. My shade of complexion. My daughter, her children and servant, took the saloon car, and on board the steamboat they all took lodgings in the cabin. Comment on such outrageous proceedings is unnecessary. Will the public tolerate them longer on the Eastern Rail-Road? ISAAC BASSETT. ISAAC BASSETT. Lynn, 9th mo. 13, 1841. Lynn, 9th mo. 13, 1841. REMARKS. A slave or servant of color has heretofore been considered an exception on the Eastern Rail-Road, and allowed to take a seat among the whites. Why this colored female was not allowed the same privilege, is known best to the conductor. A Justice of the Peace in New-Bedford, it is said, decided that the conductors of the cars had a right to seat the passengers. That does not decide that they have a right to be arbitrary, or to make color a reason for dragging out a person from one car and thrusting him into another; if it does, we should appeal to a higher Court. 'The Great and General Court' of Massachusetts, is the Court to whom petitions should be sent for redress. Let petitions and remonstrances be poured in next winter. Let the question be decided, whether there is any such thing as equal rights, and whether we are slaves or freemen. REMARKS. A slave or servant of color has heretofore been considered an exception on the Eastern Rail-Road, and allowed to take a seat among the whites. Why this this colored female was not allowed the same privilege, is known best to the conductor. A Justice of the Peace in New-Bedford, it is said, decided that the conductors of the cars had a right to seat the passengers. had a right to seat the passengers. That does not decide that they have a right to be arbitrary, or to make color a reason for dragging out a person from one car and thrusting him into another; if it does, we should appeal to a higher Court. 'The Great and General Court' of Massachusetts, is the Court to whom petitions should be sent for redress. Let petitions and remonstrances be poured in next winter. Let the question be decided, whether there is any such thing as equal rights, and whether we are slaves or freemen. Since the above occurrence, the following notice has been published by the superintendent: Since the above occurrence, the following notice has been published by the superintendent: NOTICE. The Directors of the Eastern Rail-Road Company have ordered the following rule of the road to be published, viz.: NOTICE. The Directors of the Eastern Rail-Road Company have ordered the following rule of the road to be published, viz.: All passengers upon the road are required to take such seats in the cars, and in such cars as shall be designated by the respective conductors; and all tickets are sold subject to this rule. All passengers upon the road are required to take such seats in the cars, and in such cars as shall be designated by the respective conductors; and all tickets are sold subject to this rule. STEPHEN A. CHASE, Sup't. STEPHEN A. CHASE, Sup't. Sup't. September 2d, 1841. September 2d, 1841. 

 We gave, in a recent number of the Liberator, the particulars of the afflicting case of this worthy man, who is now in this city and vicinity, seeking aid to redeem his wife and six children from southern slavery. His case is a peculiar one, and should excite the liveliest sympathy in the breast of every individual to whom it may become known. It has elicited the following letter from that liberal-hearted philanthropist, Gerrit Smith, enclosing a check for $30. Yesterday Lunsford called to see us, and we inquired, What success?' His reply was, that, as yet, he had collected but a very small sum, but had the promise of assistance and co-operation from several clergymen, particularly of the Baptist denomination. (We hope that what they intend to do, they will do quickly. It is in their power to send him home with a joyous heart.) We then told him what Mr. Smith had done for him. If his kind benefactor could have beheld the grateful emotions which were depicted in his countenance, he would have realized afresh, what he has felt ten thousand times over, how true is the declaration, that 'it is more blessed to give than to receive.' We gave, in a recent number of the Liberator, the particulars of the afflicting case of this worthy man, who is now in this city and vicinity, seeking aid to redeem his wife and six children from southern slavery. His case is a peculiar one, and should excite the liveliest sympathy in the breast of every individual to whom it may become known. It has elicited the following letter from that liberal-hearted philanthropist, Gerrit Smith, enclosing a check for $30. Yesterday Lunsford called to see us, and we inquired, What success?' His reply was, that, as yet, he had collected but a very small sum, but had the promise of assistance and co-operation from several clergymen, particularly of the Baptist denomination. (We hope that what they intend to do, they will do quickly. It is in their power to send him home with a joyous heart.) We then told him what Mr. Smith had done for him. If his kind benefactor could have beheld the grateful emotions which were depicted in his countenance, he would have realized afresh, what he has felt ten thousand times over, how true is the declaration, that 'it is more blessed to give than to receive.' 

 We understand that Mr. Douglas, a respectable colored man, was forcibly taken from a car on the Eastern Rail Road at Newburyport on Wednesday last, and placed in the Jim Crow or Negro Car, by order of the conductor or superintendent. His clothes were considerably torn and his body injured. This was done for no other reason than this— his skin happened to be a few shades darker than that of the Anglo Saxons. A similar outrage was perpetrated by this same company only a few weeks ago on the person of a colored lady of respectability. Indeed, it seems to have been its uniform practice to treat colored people in this manner; and, according to a notice which it has recently issued, it appears that it intends to continue to do so. It becomes, therefore, all friends of the colored man, to shun the cars of the Eastern Rail Road, or what is called the lower route from Boston to Portsmouth. We have given this Co. some patronage heretofore, but we shall give it no more while it continues this man-degrading practice. It is time that all abolitionists should take the stand, that they will not patronize any railroad, stage coach, steamboat, or other conveyance, the proprietors of which suffer outrages of this kind to be committed upon any persons whatever their complexion, who take passage in them. We are happy to learn, that in the cars of the upper Rail Road no distinction is made in seating the passengers on account of color. The colored man who buys a ticket takes a seat wherever he pleases, as he has a right to do. Let abolitionists, then, patronize the upper route. We say not this because we are interested in the upper Rail Road; but because we believe it to be anti-christian and anti-republican, as well as cruel to the colored race, to make such distinctions in human beings, whom God has made of one blood. Until this wicked prejudice against the colored race is removed from the hearts of the people of the Northern States, and they are placed on an equality with the whites, abolition principles cannot be expected to make much progress among slaveholders. We understand that Mr. Douglas, a respectable colored man, was forcibly taken from a car on the Eastern Rail Road at Newburyport on Wednesday last, and placed in the Jim Crow Jim Crow or Negro Car, Negro Car, by order of the conductor or superintendent. His clothes were considerably torn and his body injured. This was done for no other reason than this— his skin happened to be a few shades darker than that of the Anglo Saxons. A similar outrage was perpetrated by this same company only a few weeks ago on the person of a colored lady of respectability. Indeed, it seems to have been its uniform practice to treat colored people in this manner; and, according to a notice which it has recently issued, it appears that it intends to continue to do so. It becomes, therefore, all friends of the colored man, to shun the cars of the Eastern Rail Road, or what is called the lower route lower route from Boston to Portsmouth. We have given this Co. some patronage heretofore, but we shall give it no more while it continues this man-degrading practice. It is time that all abolitionists should take the stand, that they will not patronize any railroad, stage coach, steamboat, or other conveyance, the proprietors of which suffer outrages of this kind to be committed upon any persons whatever their complexion, who take passage in them. We are happy to learn, that in the cars of the upper Rail Road upper Rail Road no distinction is made in seating the passengers on account of color. The colored man who buys a ticket takes a seat wherever he pleases, as he has a right to do. Let abolitionists, then, patronize the upper route. We say not this because we are interested in the upper Rail Road; but because we believe it to be anti-christian and anti-republican, as well as cruel to the colored race, to make such distinctions in human beings, whom God has made of one blood. Until this wicked prejudice against the colored race is removed from the hearts of the people of the Northern States, and they are placed on an equality with the whites, abolition principles cannot be expected to make much progress among slaveholders. 

 PETERBORO', Sept. 24, 1841. PETERBORO', Sept. 24, 1841. WM. LLOYD GARRISON: WM. LLOYD GARRISON: MY DEAR SIR— I have read in the Liberator, the case of Lunsford Lane. It is when the claims of such a case come before me, that I especially feel the folly and wickedness of my 'non-resistance' to the importunities of friends for my name and credit. But for that foolish and wicked 'non-resistance,' (some folks think every other form of 'non-resistance' foolish and wicked.) I should be able to make the sum I now send you for poor Lunsford Lane several times greater than it is. MY DEAR SIR— I have read in the Liberator, the case of Lunsford Lane. It is when the claims of such a case come before me, that I especially feel the folly and wickedness of my 'non-resistance' to the importunities of friends for my name and credit. But for that foolish and wicked 'non-resistance,' (some folks think every other form of 'non-resistance' foolish and wicked.) I should be able to make the sum I now send you for poor Lunsford Lane several times greater than it is. Fraternally yours, Fraternally yours, GERRIT SMITH. GERRIT SMITH. 

 A few years since, it was quite popular to proclaim, after reading some elaborate treatise on slavery, that doubts heretofore felt and expressed, as to the safety and duty of immediate emancipation, were clearing away. The Hon. Edward Everett then proclaimed himself to the world as getting new light, as beginning to believe freedom was safer and better than slavery, paid than unpaid laborers. Some person presented to him 'Thome and Kimball on West India Emancipation,' and he very obligingly condescended to read it, and then kindly tell the world of it, and that really he viewed the matter with more favor than before. Since then, the abolitionists have heard nothing from him, in favor of the holy enterprise in which some of the best and holiest have labored with a martyr-like courage; he has kept himself as quiet and still, as if the sight of what he had said in print frightened him,— and abolitionists were afraid he would die without conversion, or that he had already backslidden from the conviction he declared himself to be under. A few years since, it was quite popular to proclaim, after reading some elaborate treatise on slavery, that doubts heretofore felt and expressed, as to the safety and duty of immediate emancipation, were clearing away. The Hon. Edward Everett then proclaimed himself to the world as getting new light, as beginning to believe freedom was safer and better than slavery, paid than unpaid laborers. Some person presented to him 'Thome and Kimball on West India Emancipation,' and he very obligingly very obligingly condescended to read it, and then kindly tell the world of it, and that really he viewed the matter with more favor than before. Since then, the abolitionists have heard nothing from him, in favor of the holy enterprise in which some of the best and holiest have labored with a martyr-like courage; he has kept himself as quiet and still, as if the sight of what he had said in print frightened him,— and abolitionists were afraid he would die without conversion, or that he had already backslidden from the conviction he declared himself to be under. But the south have not forgot it, and they owe him a grudge for that little note, and now they intend, as they have the rod, to make him smart. The Senate, which is ruled by southern influence, has refused to confirm his nomination as minister to England. This will probably place him under conviction again— but whether that slavery is a dangerous institution, or that he is in the wrong path to fame, I cannot tell. But the south have not forgot it, and they owe him a grudge for that little note, and now they intend, as they have the rod, to make him smart. The Senate, which is ruled by southern influence, has refused to confirm his nomination as minister to England. This will probably place him under conviction again— but whether that slavery is a dangerous institution, or that he is in the wrong path to fame, I cannot tell. It is truly amusing to mark the tone of the northern presses, on this freak of the senate. Those editors friendly to Mr. Everett threaten the south with desertion if they don't take care— those papers which have been hostile to us, and have lent all their sympathy to the south, and have expressed more concern for the slaveholder's pockets than the slave's freedom and salvation, are conjuring their slaveholding brethren to pause, or they will drive the whole north to desperation, and ruin both themselves and their friends,— 'You will make us all abolitionists.' Now all such talk is pitiably weak and contemptible, and yet some religious newspapers deal in this cant. Look at the tears and pleadings of the poor other, robbed of her darling babes borne to the human flesh-markets of the south— the denial of the Scriptures to thousands on thousands of immortal men— the breaking up of the dearest connections which God has constituted between human beings— the corruption, misery and wretchedness which slavery induces— oh, this is all nothing— nobody but fanatics make any stir about such trifles— but to refuse to send Mr. E. to England is truly insufferable! what pious heart can endure it?!!! Out came such papers as the -----, condemning the course. But such gentlemen need have no fears about becoming abolitionists— they have not humanity enough to make them abolitionists; if they had, they would have been abolitionists long before now. A man made an abolitionists by the denial of this honor to Mr. Everett! Nonsense!! The south may force such men into the attitude of hostility to them, and thus reluctantly aid the cause of the slave, but they publish beforehand their hatred of it. And Well, let the south drive on— let them, as they have done at the last Congress, gag the whole north— let them treat us as if we had no more rights than their slaves— and then all that will maintain southern principles will be obliged to emigrate to the land of slavery. It is truly amusing to mark the tone of the northern presses, on this freak of the senate. Those editors friendly to Mr. Everett threaten the south with desertion if they don't take care— those papers which have been hostile to us, and have lent all their sympathy to the south, and have expressed more concern for the slaveholder's pockets than the slave's freedom and salvation, are conjuring their slaveholding brethren to pause, or they will drive the whole north to desperation, and ruin both themselves and their friends,— 'You will make us all abolitionists.' Now all such talk is pitiably weak and contemptible, and yet some religious religious newspapers deal in this cant. Look at the tears and pleadings of the poor other, robbed of her darling babes borne to the human flesh-markets of the south— the denial of the Scriptures to thousands on thousands of immortal men— the breaking up of the dearest connections which God has constituted between human beings— the corruption, misery and wretchedness which slavery induces— oh, this is all nothing— nobody but fanatics make any stir about such trifles— but to refuse to send Mr. E. to England is truly insufferable! what pious heart can endure it?!!! Out came such papers as the -----, condemning the course. But such gentlemen need have no fears about becoming abolitionists— they have not humanity enough to make them abolitionists; if they had, they would have been abolitionists long before now. A man made an abolitionists by the denial of this honor to Mr. Everett! Nonsense!! The south may force such men into the attitude of hostility to them, and thus reluctantly aid the cause of the slave, but they publish beforehand their hatred of it. And Well, let the south drive on— let them, as they have done at the last Congress, gag the whole north— let them treat us as if we had no more rights than their slaves— and then all that will will maintain southern principles will be obliged to emigrate to the land of slavery. B. B. September 6, 1841. September 6, 1841. 

 The annual meeting of the New-England Non-Resistance Society convened in Chardon-street Chapel, Tuesday, Sept. 21, at 10 o'clock, A.M. The annual meeting of the New-England Non-Resistance Society convened in Chardon-street Chapel, Tuesday, Sept. 21, at 10 o'clock, A.M. The President, Edmund Quincy, gave notice that there would be a season which any person might occupy in vocal or silent prayer, as his principles or feelings should dictate. The President, Edmund Quincy, gave notice that there would be a season which any person might occupy in vocal or silent prayer, as his principles or feelings should dictate. On motion of Henry C. Wright, the following persons were appointed by the chair as a Business Committee: Henry C. Wright, Lucretia Mott, William L. Garrison, Sarah Pugh, Adin Ballou, Charles Marriott, and Enoch Mack. On motion of Henry C. Wright, the following persons were appointed by the chair as a Business Committee: Henry C. Wright, Lucretia Mott, William L. Garrison, Sarah Pugh, Adin Ballou, Charles Marriott, and Enoch Mack. Charles K. Whipple, Sydney Southworth, and Edwin Thompson, were appointed a committee on Finance and the Roll. Anne Warren Weston and Henry W. Williams were appointed Secretaries. Charles K. Whipple, Sydney Southworth, and Edwin Thompson, were appointed a committee on Finance and the Roll. Anne Warren Weston and Henry W. Williams were appointed Secretaries. H.C. Wright, in behalf of the Business Committee, reported the following resolutions: H.C. Wright, in behalf of the Business Committee, reported the following resolutions: 1. Resolved, That we hail the manifest progress of the non-resistance doctrine with gratitude to God, and recognize in its influence against prevalent and deeply-rooted error, a power which belongs to truth alone. 1. Resolved, That we hail the manifest progress of the non-resistance doctrine with gratitude to God, and recognize in its influence against prevalent and deeply-rooted error, a power which belongs to truth alone. 2. Resolved, That the cause of non-resistance is the cause of truth and righteousness; and as men yield to the visitations of Divine Grace, it will prevail in the earth. 2. Resolved, That the cause of non-resistance is the cause of truth and righteousness; and as men yield to the visitations of Divine Grace, it will prevail in the earth. 3. Resolved, That the adoption of the principle of non-resistance is the best preparation for every moral enterprise. 3. Resolved, That the adoption of the principle of non-resistance is the best preparation for every moral enterprise. 4. Resolved, That the war principle and system are opposed to the essential spirit of Christianity, abhorrent to the better feelings of our nature, and necessarily tend to vice and anarchy. 4. Resolved, That the war principle and system are opposed to the essential spirit of Christianity, abhorrent to the better feelings of our nature, and necessarily tend to vice and anarchy. These resolutions were laid on the table, for the purpose of listening to the Annual Report, which was read by the Corresponding Secretary, William Lloyd Garrison. These resolutions were laid on the table, for the purpose of listening to the Annual Report, which was read by the Corresponding Secretary, William Lloyd Garrison. The acceptance of the Report was moved by Adin Ballou, of Mendon, in some very interesting remarks, and seconded by Enoch Mack, of Dover, and was unanimously adopted. The acceptance of the Report was moved by Adin Ballou, of Mendon, in some very interesting remarks, and seconded by Enoch Mack, of Dover, and was unanimously adopted. On motion of H.C. Wright, the Annual Report was referred to the Executive Committee for publication. On motion of H.C. Wright, the Annual Report was referred to the Executive Committee for publication. Resolution No. 1 was taken up and discussed by H.C. Wright, Mr. Blanchard of Dorchester, J.N. Buffum of Lynn, Mr. Reynolds of Michigan, Mr. Whitney of Berlin, A.B. Alcott of Concord, Lewis Ford of Abington, Lucretia Mott, Enoch Mack, and W.L. Garrison, and unanimously adopted. Resolution No. 1 was taken up and discussed by H.C. Wright, Mr. Blanchard of Dorchester, J.N. Buffum of Lynn, Mr. Reynolds of Michigan, Mr. Whitney of Berlin, A.B. Alcott of Concord, Lewis Ford of Abington, Lucretia Mott, Enoch Mack, and W.L. Garrison, and unanimously adopted. Charles K. Whipple and Henry W. Williams were appointed a committee on 'the Non-Resistant.' Charles K. Whipple and Henry W. Williams were appointed a committee on 'the Non-Resistant.' The following persons were appointed a committee to nominate officers:— George W. Benson, Lucinda Wilmarth, John Allen, Eliza J. Kenney, and William C. Coffin. The following persons were appointed a committee to nominate officers:— George W. Benson, Lucinda Wilmarth, John Allen, Eliza J. Kenney, and William C. Coffin. On motion of Henry C. Wright, it was voted that when we adjourn in the afternoon, we do so at 4 o'clock, to give time to the committee appointed to call a World's Convention to make their report. On motion of Henry C. Wright, it was voted that when we adjourn in the afternoon, we do so at 4 o'clock, to give time to the committee appointed to call a World's Convention to make their report. Voted, That we adjourn to half-past 2, P.M. Voted, That we adjourn to half-past 2, P.M. The Society met, pursuant to adjournment. The Society met, pursuant to adjournment. Resolution No. 2 was taken up, and, after remarks by John Allen, was adopted. Resolution No. 2 was taken up, and, after remarks by John Allen, was adopted. The Treasurer's Report was read, and, on motion of W.L. Garrison, after remarks by W.L. Garrison, Mr. Davenport of West Boylston, J.V. Himes, and John B. Chandler, was unanimously accepted. The Treasurer's Report was read, and, on motion of W.L. Garrison, after remarks by W.L. Garrison, Mr. Davenport of West Boylston, J.V. Himes, and John B. Chandler, was unanimously accepted. W.L. Garrison offered the following resolution. W.L. Garrison offered the following resolution. Resolved, That the voluntary payment of militia fines, by non-resistant's, is incompatible with the principles which they profess. Resolved, That the voluntary payment of militia fines, by non-resistant's, is incompatible with the principles which they profess. After discussion by H.C. Wright and A.B. Alcott, the Society, in accordance with the vote of the morning, adjourned to half-past 7 o'clock. After discussion by H.C. Wright and A.B. Alcott, the Society, in accordance with the vote of the morning, adjourned to half-past 7 o'clock. The Society met at 7, P.M. The Society met at 7, P.M. A letter from Nathaniel Barney, of Nantucket, was read, enclosing $10 for the treasury of the Society. A letter from Nathaniel Barney, of Nantucket, was read, enclosing $10 for the treasury of the Society. The resolution before the Society, at the time of adjournment, was taken up. Remarks were made upon it by Clother Gifford, John B. Chandler, Nathaniel H. Whiting, Thomas Haskell, Lucretia Mott, Amos B. Alcott, J.V. Himes, Henry C. Wright, Charles Marriott, and John Allen. The Society adjourned to 9 o'clock, Wednesday morning. The resolution before the Society, at the time of adjournment, was taken up. Remarks were made upon it by Clother Gifford, John B. Chandler, Nathaniel H. Whiting, Thomas Haskell, Lucretia Mott, Amos B. Alcott, J.V. Himes, Henry C. Wright, Charles Marriott, and John Allen. The Society adjourned to 9 o'clock, Wednesday morning. The Society met, according to adjournment; the President in the chair. The Society met, according to adjournment; the President in the chair. The resolution of the preceding evening was further discussed by Enoch Mack, N.H. Whiting, John A. Collins, A.B. Alcott, Mr. Greenough, Clother Gifford, Mr. Reynolds, Adin Ballou, James N. Buffum, Lucretia Mott and John M. Spear. The resolution of the preceding evening was further discussed by Enoch Mack, N.H. Whiting, John A. Collins, A.B. Alcott, Mr. Greenough, Clother Gifford, Mr. Reynolds, Adin Ballou, James N. Buffum, Lucretia Mott and John M. Spear. John A. Collins moved to strike out all after the word, 'Resolved,' and insert the following: 'Whereas, governments of violence, with all their murderous machinery, are upheld and sustained by military force, and the direct and indirect payment of taxes; therefore, John A. Collins moved to strike out all after the word, 'Resolved,' and insert the following: 'Whereas, governments of violence, with all their murderous machinery, are upheld and sustained by military force, and the direct and indirect payment of taxes; therefore, Resolved, That it is a violation of non-resistance principles voluntarily to pay military fines, mixed taxes, or to purchase taxed goods.' Resolved, That it is a violation of non-resistance principles voluntarily to pay military fines, mixed taxes, or to purchase taxed goods.' The amendment was discussed by H.C. Wright, Charles B. Thomas, and William Lloyd Garrison. The amendment was discussed by H.C. Wright, Charles B. Thomas, and William Lloyd Garrison. The meeting adjoured to quarter past 2, P.M. The meeting adjoured to quarter past 2, P.M. The Society met, pursuant to adjournment. The Society met, pursuant to adjournment. The amendment proposed by Mr. Collins came up for discussion. After remarks by Clother Gifford, on motion of Lucretia Mott, the resolution was laid upon the table. The amendment proposed by Mr. Collins came up for discussion. After remarks by Clother Gifford, on motion of Lucretia Mott, the resolution was laid upon the table. The committee on nomination made the following report, which was unanimously accepted: The committee on nomination made the following report, which was unanimously accepted: President,   Vice Presidents, Table  Table  Corresponding Secretary,   Recording Secretary,   Treasurer,   Executive Committee, Table  Table  Resolutions Nos. 3 and 4 were adopted without discussion. Resolutions Nos. 3 and 4 were adopted without discussion. H.C. Wright reported the following resolution: H.C. Wright reported the following resolution: Resolved, That no man who believes that all war is wrong, can, without a violation of admitted principle, hold the office of President or Congressman of the United States, or vote for others to hold these offices. Resolved, That no man who believes that all war is wrong, can, without a violation of admitted principle, hold the office of President or Congressman of the United States, or vote for others to hold these offices. This resolution was discussed by H.C. Wright, J.N. Buffum, Messrs. Reynolds of Michigan, Davis, Davenport, A.P. Cleverley, Greenough, Nickerson, Charles Marriott, Wm. Chace, Mr. Ledyard of Schenectady, and A.B. Alcott. The resolution was unanimously adopted. This resolution was discussed by H.C. Wright, J.N. Buffum, Messrs. Reynolds of Michigan, Davis, Davenport, A.P. Cleverley, Greenough, Nickerson, Charles Marriott, Wm. Chace, Mr. Ledyard of Schenectady, and A.B. Alcott. The resolution was unanimously adopted. The following resolution was reported by the Business Committee: The following resolution was reported by the Business Committee: Resolved, That christian non-resistance consistently practised, carries with it the very highest conservative influence which can be brought to bear on human society. Resolved, That christian non-resistance consistently practised, carries with it the very highest conservative influence which can be brought to bear on human society. Thomas Davis, of Providence, moved to strike out the word 'Christian.' Thomas Davis, of Providence, moved to strike out the word 'Christian.' Lucretia Mott moved, as a farther amendment, that the resolution read thus: 'Resolved, That the principles of non-resistance, as promulgated by this Society, carry with them,' etc. These amendments were discussed by Thomas Davis, N.H. Whiting, Adin Ballou, A.B. Alcott, William Chace, and Samuel J. May. Lucretia Mott moved, as a farther amendment, that the resolution read thus: 'Resolved, That the principles of non-resistance, as promulgated by this Society, carry with them,' etc. These amendments were discussed by Thomas Davis, N.H. Whiting, Adin Ballou, A.B. Alcott, William Chace, and Samuel J. May. The Society adjourned to 7 o'clock. The Society adjourned to 7 o'clock. The Society met according to adjournment; George W. Benson in the chair. The Society met according to adjournment; George W. Benson in the chair. The amendments were further discussed by J.V. Himes, Wm. Lloyd Garrison, H.C. Wright, Thomas Davis, Jamuel J. May, Warren Allen, Wm. Chace, and A. Davis. The amendments were further discussed by J.V. Himes, Wm. Lloyd Garrison, H.C. Wright, Thomas Davis, Jamuel J. May, Warren Allen, Wm. Chace, and A. Davis. Both amendments were rejected, and the original resolution unanimously adopted. Both amendments were rejected, and the original resolution unanimously adopted. The Committee on the 'Non-Resistant' reported, and on motion of W.L. Garrison, the report was accepted, and ordered to be published with the proceedings of this meeting. The Committee on the 'Non-Resistant' reported, and on motion of W.L. Garrison, the report was accepted, and ordered to be published with the proceedings of this meeting. On motion of W.L. Garrison, the meeting adjourned sine die. On motion of W.L. Garrison, the meeting adjourned sine die. sine die. Table  Table  

 The remonstrances of the north have been attended to; as they always would be, even on the 'delicate subject' of slavery, if she would only trust in her own strength, and speak out fearlessly. But how is it that no other indignity, except this offered to Mr. Everett, can arouse the free spirit within us? There is Joshua Coffin, of Philadelphia, not as distinguished a citizen as the ambassador, but a very intelligent and useful one; he, in the down-hill of life, with a large family dependent on him for support, is turned out of employment, for a simple act of benevolence in aiding a kidnapped citizen of New York to regain his freedom. The act was not only morally right, but legally proper; but he must be turned out of office, forsooth, because the south chooses to consider it an unjustifiable interference with her 'peculiar institution.' Yet how silent is the northern press under this indignity! The remonstrances of the north have been attended to; as they always would be, even on the 'delicate subject' of slavery, if she would only trust in her own strength, and speak out fearlessly. But how is it that no other other indignity, except this offered to Mr. Everett, can arouse the free spirit within us? There is Joshua Coffin, of Philadelphia, not as distinguished a citizen as the ambassador, but a very intelligent and useful one; he, in the down-hill of life, with a large family dependent on him for support, is turned out of employment, for a simple act of benevolence in aiding a kidnapped citizen of New York to regain his freedom. The act was not only morally right, but legally proper; but he must be turned out of office, forsooth, because the south chooses to consider it an unjustifiable interference with her 'peculiar institution.' Yet how silent is the northern press under this this indignity! For several years, a law has stood on the statute book of Georgia, offering $5,000 for the abduction of William Lloyd Garrison. Yet this insult to Massachusetts, in the person of a citizen guiltless of crime, has been most tamely endured. If any of the old Hancock spirit remained in that Commonwealth, one would think that it might be roused to demand the repeal of that shameful law. No Massachusetts man, who pretends to the least freedom of soul, ought to vote for a Georgian, for any office, until that law is repealed.— Anti-Slavery Standard. For several years, a law has stood on the statute book of Georgia, offering $5,000 for the abduction of William Lloyd Garrison. Yet this insult to Massachusetts, in the person of a citizen guiltless of crime, has been most tamely endured. If any of the old Hancock spirit remained in that Commonwealth, one would think that it might be roused to demand the repeal of that shameful law. No Massachusetts man, who pretends to the least freedom of soul, ought to vote for a Georgian, for any office, until that law is repealed.— Anti-Slavery Standard. Anti-Slavery Standard. 

 The Committee appointed to inquire into the present condition of the Non-Resistant, REPORT— that they have attended to the duty assigned them, and find that the number of subscribers, at present, is between nine hundred and one thousand. In addition to the above, a considerable number of copies are sent gratuitously to various literary institutions, and in exchange for other newspaper. The whole number of copies printed is about fourteen hundred. Your Committee find that the subscription list has somewhat increased during the past year, and is now sufficiently large to meet its expenses, provided all subscribers would be prompt in making payment. The Committee appointed to inquire into the present condition of the Non-Resistant, REPORT— that they have attended to the duty assigned them, and find that the number of subscribers, at present, is between nine hundred and one thousand. In addition to the above, a considerable number of copies are sent gratuitously to various literary institutions, and in exchange for other newspaper. The whole number of copies printed is about fourteen hundred. Your Committee find that the subscription list has somewhat increased during the past year, and is now sufficiently large to meet its expenses, provided all subscribers would be prompt in making payment. Owing to some neglect in this respect, the amount received has fallen short of the expenses during the past year, by about thirty-two dollars; but, taking into consideration all the circumstances of the case, your Committee think many reasons exist for encouragement and gratitude that the success of the paper has been so great. Owing to some neglect in this respect, the amount received has fallen short of the expenses during the past year, by about thirty-two dollars; but, taking into consideration all the circumstances of the case, your Committee think many reasons exist for encouragement and gratitude that the success of the paper has been so great. Your committee consider it very important that the Non-Resistant should be sustained, and hope the members of the Society will use their best exertions to extend its list of subscribers. Your committee consider it very important that the Non-Resistant should be sustained, and hope the members of the Society will use their best exertions to extend its list of subscribers. Table  Table  

 Here is another choice specimen of American 'democracy,' from the lips of that rare democrat, John C. Calhoun! It is taken from one of his late patriotic harangues in the U.S. Senate. To think of such a man,— an extensive slaveholder, the advocate of perpetual slavery, and a merciless plunderer of his miserable bondmen,— talking against corporations!! Here is another choice specimen of American 'democracy,' from the lips of that rare democrat, John C. Calhoun! It is taken from one of his late patriotic patriotic harangues in the U.S. Senate. To think of such a man,— an extensive slaveholder, the advocate of perpetual slavery, and a merciless plunderer of his miserable bondmen,— talking against corporations!! Mr. Calhoun said, he had supposed the Senator from Kentucky was possessed of more tact, than to allude at all to the recent elections in England, and claim them as a triumph of his principles, much less to express himself in such strong terms of approbation at the result. The Senator was, however, elated at the favorable result of the late election to the tory party in England. That was not much to be wondered at, for the interests, objects and aims of the tory party there, and of the whig party here, are identical. The identity of the two parties is remarkable. The tory party are the patrons of corporate monopolies; and are not you? They are advocates of a high tariff; are not you? They are supporters of a national bank; and are not you? They are for corn laws— laws oppressive to the mass of the people, and favorable to their own power; and are not you? Witness this bill. The tory party in England are not supported by the British people. That party is the representative of a mere aristocracy of the country, which, through the most odious and oppressive system of coercion exercised over the tenantry of the country, has obtained the power of starving the mass of the people, by the continuation of laws exclusively protecting the landed interests, that is, the rent rolls of the aristocracy. These laws the party will uphold, rather than suffer the people to obtain cheap bread. The administration party in England wished to dissipate this odious system of exclusive legislation, and to give the mass of the people cheap bread. This the Senator from Kentucky characterizes as ridiculous abstraction. And who are these tories of England?— Do not the abolitionists constitute a large portion of that party? Those very abolitionists who have more sympathy for the negroes of the West India islands, than for the starving and oppressed white laborers of England. And why? Because it is the interest of the tory party to have high rents at home, and high tariff duties against the sugar of this country, for the protection of the owners of estates in the West India islands. This is the party, the success of which, at the recent elections in Great Britain, has so elated the Senator from Kentucky! The success of that party in England, and of the whig party here, is the success of the great money power, which concentrates the interests of the two parties, and identifies their principles. The struggle of both, is a struggle for the ascendency of this great money power. When the whole subject is narrowly looked into, it is seen that the whole question at issue is that of the ascendency of this enormous and dangerous power, or that of popular rights. And this is a struggle which the opposition in this Capitol, to whom alone the people of this country can now look for protection against the measures threatened to be consummated here, will maintain to the last, regardless of the success of the tories abroad, or their allies at home. Mr. Calhoun said, he had supposed the Senator from Kentucky was possessed of more tact, than to allude at all to the recent elections in England, and claim them as a triumph of his principles, much less to express himself in such strong terms of approbation at the result. The Senator was, however, elated at the favorable result of the late election to the tory party in England. That was not much to be wondered at, for the interests, objects and aims of the tory party there, and of the whig party here, are identical. The identity of the two parties is remarkable. The tory party are the patrons of corporate monopolies; and are not you? They are advocates of a high tariff; are not you? They are supporters of a national bank; and are not you? They are for corn laws— laws oppressive to the mass of the people, and favorable to their own power; and are not you? Witness this bill. The tory party in England are not supported by the British people. That party is the representative of a mere aristocracy of the country, which, through the most odious and oppressive system of coercion exercised over the tenantry of the country, has obtained the power of starving the mass of the people, by the continuation of laws exclusively protecting the landed interests, that is, the rent rolls of the aristocracy. These laws the party will uphold, rather than suffer the people to obtain cheap bread. The administration party in England wished to dissipate this odious system of exclusive legislation, and to give the mass of the people cheap bread. This the Senator from Kentucky characterizes as ridiculous abstraction. And ridiculous abstraction. And who are these tories of England?— Do not the abolitionists constitute a large portion of that party? Those very abolitionists who have more sympathy for the negroes of the West India islands, than for the starving and oppressed white laborers of England. And why? Because it is the interest of the tory party to have high rents at home, and high tariff duties against the sugar of this country, for the protection of the owners of estates in the West India islands. This is the party, the success of which, at the recent elections in Great Britain, has so elated the Senator from Kentucky! The success of that party in England, and of the whig party here, is the success of the great money power, which concentrates the interests of the two parties, and identifies their principles. The struggle of both, is a struggle for the ascendency of this great money power. When the whole subject is narrowly looked into, it is seen that the whole question at issue is that of the ascendency of this enormous and dangerous power, or that of popular rights. And this is a struggle which the opposition in this Capitol, to whom alone the people of this country can now look for protection against the measures threatened to be consummated here, will maintain to the last, regardless of the success of the tories abroad, or their allies at home. 

 The meetings of the Non-Resistance Society were continued through Tuesday and Wednesday of last week. All persons, whether members of the Society or not, were allowed to speak their minds freely. Of course, all sorts of opinions and notions were advanced— many of them excellent, and others, in our opinion, wild and reprehensible. On the question of paying militia fines, a long and animated discussion arose, but a great diversity of views prevailed among the speakers. On a motion to strike out the word 'christian' from one of the resolutions, an earnest debate arose; but the motion did not prevail and the resolution was adopted unanimously. Among those who cheered the meeting with their presence were two of the rejected delegates to the pseudo 'World's Convention,' Lucretia Mott and Sarah Pugh. Lucretia freely participated in the discussions, much to the edification and delight of all who listened to her. On Thursday evening, she delivered a public religious address, of a most excellent character, in a very impressive manner, before a large assembly convened at short notice, in the Marlboro' Chapel. She subsequently addressed several public meetings in Lynn with much effect, and returned to Philadelphia on Monday last. The meetings of the Non-Resistance Society were continued through Tuesday and Wednesday of last week. All persons, whether members of the Society or not, were allowed to speak their minds freely. Of course, all sorts of opinions and notions were advanced— many of them excellent, and others, in our opinion, wild and reprehensible. On the question of paying militia fines, a long and animated discussion arose, but a great diversity of views prevailed among the speakers. On a motion to strike out the word 'christian' from one of the resolutions, an earnest debate arose; but the motion did not prevail and the resolution was adopted unanimously. Among those who cheered the meeting with their presence were two of the rejected delegates to the pseudo 'World's Convention,' Lucretia Mott and Sarah Pugh. Lucretia freely participated in the discussions, much to the edification and delight of all who listened to her. On Thursday evening, she delivered a public religious address, of a most excellent character, in a very impressive manner, before a large assembly convened at short notice, in the Marlboro' Chapel. She subsequently addressed several public meetings in Lynn with much effect, and returned to Philadelphia on Monday last. 

 The eighth annual meeting of this Society was held at Rochester on the 9th Sept. Among the resolutions adopted were the following: The eighth annual meeting of this Society was held at Rochester on the 9th Sept. Among the resolutions adopted were the following: Resolved, That the distinctive doctrines of abolition, which are that slavery is sinful under all circumstances and ought to be immediately abolished, are essential to the maintenance of a sound christian faith, and that their hearty reception and practice are essential to consistent christian character. Resolved, That the distinctive doctrines of abolition, which are that slavery is sinful under all circumstances and ought to be immediately abolished, are essential to the maintenance of a sound christian faith, and that their hearty reception and practice are essential to consistent christian character. Resolved, That the time has fully come when we can and ought to appoint an agent to visit the slaveholders and the legislatures of the several slaveholding States. Resolved, That the time has fully come when we can and ought to appoint an agent to visit the slaveholders and the legislatures of the several slaveholding States. Resolved, That as long as American slavery continues, it will be a good thing to be zealously affected for its abolition. Resolved, That as long as American slavery continues, it will be a good thing to be zealously affected for its abolition. Resolved, That we are without any hope of seeing the end of American slavery as it is, through the agency of the American church as it is, or the instrumentality of either political party as it is; but that our only hope is, under God, through the untiring efforts of abolitionists good and true, and through their regular organization as it should be. Resolved, That we are without any hope of seeing the end of American slavery as it is, as it is, through the agency of the American church as it is, as it is, or the instrumentality of either political party as it is; as it is; but that our only hope is, under God, through the untiring efforts of abolitionists good and true, and through their regular organization as it should be. as it should be. Resolved, That the results of emancipation in the British West Indies deepens, if possible, our conviction of the correctness of the doctrine of immediate emancipation. Resolved, That the results of emancipation in the British West Indies deepens, if possible, our conviction of the correctness of the doctrine of immediate emancipation. Resolved, That we tender to the abolitionists of England our sympathy and co-operation in their efforts to abolish slavery throughout the East Indies. Resolved, That we tender to the abolitionists of England our sympathy and co-operation in their efforts to abolish slavery throughout the East Indies. Resolved, That the recent movement to abolish the slave trade in Cuba is indicative of the powerful influence that the efforts of the abolitionists are exerting throughout the world; and should encourage us to renewed and untiring efforts in the great work in which we are engaged. Resolved, That the recent movement to abolish the slave trade in Cuba is indicative of the powerful influence that the efforts of the abolitionists are exerting throughout the world; and should encourage us to renewed and untiring efforts in the great work in which we are engaged. Resolved, That those who advocate slavery at the North are as culpable as those who practise it at the South. Resolved, That those who advocate advocate slavery at the North are as culpable as those who practise practise it at the South. Resolved, That duty to God and the slave demands of all abolitionists that they forthwith cease to receive and countenance any man as a christian minister who is a slaveholder, or an abettor of slavery, or who refuses to bear a decided and open testimony against it. Resolved, That duty to God and the slave demands of all abolitionists that they forthwith cease to receive and countenance any man as a christian minister who is a slaveholder, or an abettor of slavery, or who refuses to bear a decided and open testimony against it. Resolved, That the first article of the Constitution of this Society be so altered that hereafter we may act independently of all foreign connection. Resolved, That the first article of the Constitution of this Society be so altered that hereafter we may act independently of all foreign connection. The following protest was read and ordered to be published with the proceedings: The following protest was read and ordered to be published with the proceedings: The undersigned, members of the Vermont Anti-Slavery Society, who were in the minority on the passage of a resolution to alter the Constitution of the Society hereby enter our protest against the said resolution, because it inflicts a censure upon the parent Society which we . . . unjust,— that Society having, in our opinion, from its organization to the present time, acted in all good faith according to the letter and spirit of its Constitution, and for the best interests of the holy cause in which we are engaged. The undersigned, members of the Vermont Anti-Slavery Society, who were in the minority on the passage of a resolution to alter the Constitution of the Society hereby enter our protest against the said resolution, because it inflicts a censure upon the parent Society which we . . . unjust,— that Society having, in our opinion, from its organization to the present time, acted in all good faith according to the letter and spirit of its Constitution, and for the best interests of the holy cause in which we are engaged. Table  Table  Sabrina Whipple, Sabrina Whipple, A collection was taken by subscription and contributions, amounting to about $300. A collection was taken by subscription and contributions, amounting to about $300. The committee to whom was referred the subject of sending an agent to the South reported as follows: The committee to whom was referred the subject of sending an agent to the South reported as follows: ROCHESTER, Sept 10, 1841. ROCHESTER, Sept 10, 1841. To the Vermont Anti-Slavery Society, now in session: To the Vermont Anti-Slavery Society, now in session: To the Vermont Anti-Slavery Society, now in session: Your committee appointed on the resolution of Mr. Miller, respectfully report, that having contemplated the purport of the resolution, and the proposition of Col. W.W. Miller, to go to the South under the approbation of the society, and without other aid from the Society than their approbation, and their prayers, do report that said Miller is a suitable person for such an embassy, and present him to the consideration of the Society, for such their approbation. Your committee appointed on the resolution of Mr. Miller, respectfully report, that having contemplated the purport of the resolution, and the proposition of Col. W.W. Miller, to go to the South under the approbation of the society, and without other aid from the Society than their approbation, and their prayers, do report that said Miller is a suitable person for such an embassy, and present him to the consideration of the Society, for such their approbation. TITUS HUTCHINSON, Chairman of said Committee. TITUS HUTCHINSON, Chairman of said Committee. Chairman of said Committee. 

 These meetings, for some time past, have been of great interest and service to the cause. Our abolition friends, in the several counties in the Commonwealth, should be careful every week to consult the column of 'Notices' in our paper, that they may be duly apprised when they are expected to rally together, morally 'armed and equipped,' as the gospel directs, for anti-slavery duty and service. Next Tuesday, (Oct. 5th,) a meeting of the Worcester County South Division Society will be held at West Brookfield; and on Wednesday, a meeting of the Worcester North Division Society will be held at Holden. We hope to see a goodly array of tried spirits on both those occasions. These meetings, for some time past, have been of great interest and service to the cause. Our abolition friends, in the several counties in the Commonwealth, should be careful every week to consult the column of 'Notices' in our paper, that they may be duly apprised when they are expected to rally together, morally 'armed and equipped,' as the gospel directs, for anti-slavery duty and service. Next Tuesday, (Oct. 5th,) a meeting of the Worcester County South Division Society will be held at West Brookfield; and on Wednesday, a meeting of the Worcester North Division Society will be held at Holden. We hope to see a goodly array of tried spirits on both those occasions. 

 This Society held its sixth anniversary at Utica, on the 15th Sept. Sundry resolutions in favor of the 'liberty party' were adopted, and also the following: This Society held its sixth anniversary at Utica, on the 15th Sept. Sundry resolutions in favor of the 'liberty party' were adopted, and also the following: Resolved, That we can give our countenance and support to such religious teachers alone, as heartily and earnestly labor to secure for the slave his inalienable rights and God-given prerogatives. Resolved, That we can give our countenance and support to such religious teachers alone, as heartily and earnestly labor to secure for the slave his inalienable rights and God-given prerogatives. Resolved, That we hail the repeal of the 'nine months slave law' with heartfelt joy and lively hope. Resolved, That we hail the repeal of the 'nine months slave law' with heartfelt joy and lively hope. Resolved, That is the trial-by-jury law of 1840, we recognize a shield beneath which the fugitive from slavery has hitherto found protection. Resolved, That is the trial-by-jury law of 1840, we recognize a shield beneath which the fugitive from slavery has hitherto found protection. Resolved, That in their exertions to make their way to the ballot box, we will make common cause with our colored fellow citizen, until they occupy the same constitutional footing as ourselves. Resolved, That in their exertions to make their way to the ballot box, we will make common cause with our colored fellow citizen, until they occupy the same constitutional footing as ourselves. Resolved, That slavery in the District of Columbia, and the act of 1793. requiring the North to deliver up the fugitive slave, we will, in the coming winter, petition Congress to abolish. Resolved, That slavery in the District of Columbia, and the act of 1793. requiring the North to deliver up the fugitive slave, we will, in the coming winter, petition Congress to abolish. Resolved, That we regard with surprise, mortification, and pity, the flagrant inconsistency of Congress in its extra session, in so disposing of the gag rule, that each side, in its turn, voted for and against the right of petition. Resolved, That we regard with surprise, mortification, and pity, the flagrant inconsistency of Congress in its extra session, in so disposing of the gag rule, that each side, in its turn, voted for and against the right of petition. Resolved, That the stain of hypocrisy marks those northern churches which refuse to exert themselves for the deliverance of the slave. Resolved, That the stain of hypocrisy marks those northern churches which refuse to exert themselves for the deliverance of the slave. Resolved, That until men gather grapes of thorns and figs of thistles, it must remain a standing article of our political and our religious creed, that the pro-slavery citizen who casts an anti-slavery ballot, and the anti-slavery citizen who casts a pro slavery ballot, however deeply they may be involved in self-delusion in punishment of their jesuitism, and however cordially they may abhor each other's measuses, they agree in adopting the expedient of committing that one sin which swallows up all the rest, and ought to be seated as compeers on the repenting stool of the self convicted hypocrite until, by negociation or otherwise, they effect an exchange either of their ballots or their principles. Resolved, That until men gather grapes of thorns and figs of thistles, it must remain a standing article of our political and our religious creed, that the pro-slavery citizen who casts an anti-slavery ballot, and the anti-slavery citizen who casts a pro slavery ballot, however deeply they may be involved in self-delusion in punishment of their jesuitism, and however cordially they may abhor each other's measuses, they agree in adopting the expedient of committing that one sin which swallows up all the rest, and ought to be seated as compeers on the repenting stool of the self convicted hypocrite until, by negociation or otherwise, they effect an exchange either of their ballots or their principles. Resolved, That the scheme of colonization is in its very nature opposed both to the spirit of the gospel and the spirit of freedom; that it fosters a wicked prejudice against color and low condition; that it has a direct tendency to perpetuate rather than abolish slavery; and that as a consequence, no abolitionist or Christian can consistently, directly or indirectly, lead it his countenance or support. Resolved, That the scheme of colonization is in its very nature opposed both to the spirit of the gospel and the spirit of freedom; that it fosters a wicked prejudice against color and low condition; that it has a direct tendency to perpetuate rather than abolish slavery; and that as a consequence, no abolitionist or Christian can consistently, directly or indirectly, lead it his countenance or support. Resolved, That the intimation of the Maryland Colonization Society, made at a meeting recently held in Baltimore, that compulsory measures would be resorted to, in order to compel the free people of color to emigrate to Africa, if their consent for that object could not be obtained, is a most flagrant outrage upon religion and humanity. Resolved, That the intimation of the Maryland Colonization Society, made at a meeting recently held in Baltimore, that compulsory measures would be resorted to, in order to compel the free people of color to emigrate to Africa, if their consent for that object could not be obtained, is a most flagrant outrage upon religion and humanity. 

 A small pamphlet, exceedingly well written, and very neatly printed, has just been published in this city, and we presume is for sale at all the bookstores, entitled, 'The New Impulse: or, Hawkins and Reform. A Brief History of the Origin, Progress, and Effects of the present astonishing Temperance Movements, and of the Life and Reformation of John H.W. Hawkins, the distinguished Leader. Embellished with a correct Likeness of said Hawkins. By a Teetotaller.' The price is only 12 1-2 cts. a copy— the same as the Likeness alone of Mr. H. has been hitherto sold for. We advise every body to purchase a copy, for very many reasons, among which is, that 'all the profits of the pamphlet will be devoted to the advancement of the Temperance Cause.' A small pamphlet, exceedingly well written, and very neatly printed, has just been published in this city, and we presume is for sale at all the bookstores, entitled, 'The New Impulse: or, Hawkins and Reform. A Brief History of the Origin, Progress, and Effects of the present astonishing Temperance Movements, and of the Life and Reformation of John H.W. Hawkins, the distinguished Leader. Embellished with a correct Likeness of said Hawkins. By a Teetotaller.' The price is only 12 1-2 cts. a copy— the same as the Likeness alone of Mr. H. has been hitherto sold for. We advise every body to purchase a copy, for very many reasons, among which is, that 'all the profits of the pamphlet will be devoted to the advancement of the Temperance Cause.' 

 The Strafford County Anti-Slavery Society (auxiliary to the N.H.A.S. Society,) held its annual meeting at Dover, Sept. 8, 1841. E. MACK, President, in the chair, and T.B. MOSES, Secretary. The Strafford County Anti-Slavery Society (auxiliary to the N.H.A.S. Society,) held its annual meeting at Dover, Sept. 8, 1841. E. MACK, President, in the chair, and T.B. MOSES, Secretary. Three days were occupied in discussions well calculated to advance the cause. Great interest was given to them by the presence of brethren from abroad; among others of Brs. Garrison, Phillips, Rogers, Collins, Pillsbury, Foster, Douglass, (a run-away slave,) Libbey, &c. Three days were occupied in discussions well calculated to advance the cause. Great interest was given to them by the presence of brethren from abroad; among others of Brs. Garrison, Phillips, Rogers, Collins, Pillsbury, Foster, Douglass, (a run-away slave,) Libbey, &c. A respectable number of abolitionists from different parts of the county and State attended, and the meetings, particularly in the evening, drew together a large multitude of hearers. We trust that the results of the meeting will not be found merely in the great satisfaction with which all look back upon it, but in redoubled zeal, and in increased faith in the great principles of our holy enterprise. A respectable number of abolitionists from different parts of the county and State attended, and the meetings, particularly in the evening, drew together a large multitude of hearers. We trust that the results of the meeting will not be found merely in the great satisfaction with which all look back upon it, but in redoubled zeal, and in increased faith in the great principles of our holy enterprise. The following resolves were unanimously adopted. The following resolves were unanimously adopted. Resolved, That our devout acknowledgements are due to the Almighty Power whose arm has been manifested so graciously in every stage of our enterprise, for the encouragement to future exertion furnished by the success of the past. Resolved, That our devout acknowledgements are due to the Almighty Power whose arm has been manifested so graciously in every stage of our enterprise, for the encouragement to future exertion furnished by the success of the past. Discussed by Brs. Wm. Lloyd Garrison and John Parkman. Discussed by Brs. Wm. Lloyd Garrison and John Parkman. Whereas, according to the recognized interpretation of the U.S. Constitution, and the uniform practice of the federal government, the free States are pledged to the support of slavery; and whereas southern slaveholders, by their oppression and cruelty, are doing all in their power to incite their slaves to resistance, at the same time relying upon our aid to deliver them in their hour of peril; therefore Whereas, according to the recognized interpretation of the U.S. Constitution, and the uniform practice of the federal government, the free States are pledged to the support of slavery; and whereas southern slaveholders, by their oppression and cruelty, are doing all in their power to incite their slaves to resistance, at the same time relying upon our aid to deliver them in their hour of peril; therefore Resolved, That we solemnly warn the whole country, that come what may, compact or no compact, union or no union, neither duty to God nor allegiance to law would ever allow us to obey any requisition of government calling us to put down by arms any rising of the slaves. Resolved, That we solemnly warn the whole country, that come what may, compact or no compact, union or no union, neither duty to God nor allegiance to law would ever allow us to obey any requisition of government calling us to put down by arms any rising of the slaves. Resolved, That it would be a violation of the fundamental principles of human freedom, to employ the U.S. army to sustain slavery at such a crisis. Resolved, That it would be a violation of the fundamental principles of human freedom, to employ the U.S. army to sustain slavery at such a crisis. Resolved, That it be recommended to abolitionists to call town meetings in their respective towns, to consider those terms of the federal compact, which have been construed to bind them to the support of slavery, and whether they would comply, should they be called to do so by the U.S. government. Resolved, That it be recommended to abolitionists to call town meetings in their respective towns, to consider those terms of the federal compact, which have been construed to bind them to the support of slavery, and whether they would comply, should they be called to do so by the U.S. government. Resolved, That we pledge ourselves never to assist slaveholders in hunting and arresting their fugitive victims. Resolved, That we pledge ourselves never to assist slaveholders in hunting and arresting their fugitive victims. Discussed by Brs. Wright, Phillips, Smith, Lunt, Foster and Garrison. Discussed by Brs. Wright, Phillips, Smith, Lunt, Foster and Garrison. Resolved, That a pro-slavery church and a pro-slavery ministry are abominations in the sight of God, and ought to be put away at once and forever from the land and the world— that the true church and the true ministry are of necessity anti-slavery in their walk, conversation and character— that the great majority of the American church and clergy are pro-slavery in their influence and character, and consequently, hostile to the rights of God and to the liberties of mankind— and that it is the duty of abolitionists therefore, to renounce them, after faithful admonition. Resolved, That a pro-slavery pro-slavery church and a pro-slavery pro-slavery ministry are abominations in the sight of God, and ought to be put away at once and forever from the land and the world— that the true church and the true ministry are of necessity anti-slavery in their walk, conversation and character— that the great majority of the American church and clergy are pro-slavery in their influence and character, and consequently, hostile to the rights of God and to the liberties of mankind— and that it is the duty of abolitionists therefore, to renounce them, after faithful admonition. Discussed by Brs. Foster, Garrison, Wright, Coues, Smith, Phillips, Davis, Libbey, Cutter, Robinson, Chaney and Lunt. Discussed by Brs. Foster, Garrison, Wright, Coues, Smith, Phillips, Davis, Libbey, Cutter, Robinson, Chaney and Lunt. Resolved, That the church which has set and continues the example of a negro pew, (and which example has been so eagerly followed by the proprietors and conductors of our steamboats and rail-road cars,) is guilty of an attack on the works of the great Creator, that gives alarming assurance that it is not governed by the spirit of Christ, or the fear of that God 'who is no respecter of persons.' Resolved, That the church which has set and continues the example of a negro pew, (and which example has been so eagerly followed by the proprietors and conductors of our steamboats and rail-road cars,) is guilty of an attack on the works of the great Creator, that gives alarming assurance that it is not governed by the spirit of Christ, or the fear of that God 'who is no respecter of persons.' Discussed by Brs. Pillsbury, Foster, J. Young, Rogers, Cogswell, Cartland, Towle, Parkman, Cutter, Libbey and Mack. Discussed by Brs. Pillsbury, Foster, J. Young, Rogers, Cogswell, Cartland, Towle, Parkman, Cutter, Libbey and Mack. Resolved, That the Eastern Rail-Road Corporation, in compelling its servants to insult people of color by invidiously commanding them out of respectable into inferior cars, and even in dragging them out by violence and force, is cruelly proscriptive and insulting to our common humanity. Resolved, That the Eastern Rail-Road Corporation, in compelling its servants to insult people of color by invidiously commanding them out of respectable into inferior cars, and even in dragging them out by violence and force, is cruelly proscriptive and insulting to our common humanity. Resolved, That we have heard with the highest satisfaction, that on the 'upper route' rail-road betwixt Dover and Boston, all travellers are allowed equal rights and privileges, irrespective of color, and that we recommend to all friends of true democratic principles, who may have occasion to patronize either of the two rail-roads referred to, to give this the preference. Resolved, That we have heard with the highest satisfaction, that on the 'upper route' rail-road betwixt Dover and Boston, all travellers are allowed equal rights and privileges, irrespective of color, and that we recommend to all friends of true democratic principles, who may have occasion to patronize either of the two rail-roads referred to, to give this the preference. Some information was given upon these points by several gentlemen. Some information was given upon these points by several gentlemen. States Senate of the nominations of Messrs. Everett, Wilson and Eastman, upon the alleged ground of opinion in regard to slavery, we see another proof of the undue predominance of southern interests in our national legislature, and that we regard the expression of public sentiment recently manifested upon this point, as a sign that the free States are becoming sensible of this, and of the connection between their own rights and the assertion of the rights of the slaves. States Senate of the nominations of Messrs. Everett, Wilson and Eastman, upon the alleged ground of opinion in regard to slavery, we see another proof of the undue predominance of southern interests in our national legislature, and that we regard the expression of public sentiment recently manifested upon this point, as a sign that the free States are becoming sensible of this, and of the connection between their own rights and the assertion of the rights of the slaves. Resolved, That the omission of the U.S. Senate to confirm the nominations of Everett and others on account of their anti-slavery opinions, just referred to, reveals the horrid truth that the South holds slavery to be the paramount interest of the country; and that the resentment manifested at this refusal by the pro-slavery northern press, betrays the humiliating truth, that the North regards the rejection of party nominations as a greater insult to liberty than the enslavement of a sixth of the people. Resolved, That the omission of the U.S. Senate to confirm the nominations of Everett and others on account of their anti-slavery opinions, just referred to, reveals the horrid truth that the South holds slavery to be the paramount interest of the country; and that the resentment manifested at this refusal by the pro-slavery northern press, betrays the humiliating truth, that the North regards the rejection of party nominations as a greater insult to liberty than the enslavement of a sixth of the people. Discussed by Brs. Rogers and Parkman. Discussed by Brs. Rogers and Parkman. Resolved, That the course of the Andover Theological Seminary, in attempting, through some of its professors, to justify American slavery from the Bible— in openly opposing the anti-slavery enterprise, and in giving to the community a ministry that has generally proved itself the sternest obstacle to the progress of anti-slavery truth, has been such as ought to excite the deepest apprehension and alarm for the cause of humanity and of Christianity, and ought to call forth the severest rebuke of every abolitionist. Resolved, That the course of the Andover Theological Seminary, in attempting, through some of its professors, to justify American slavery from the Bible— in openly opposing the anti-slavery enterprise, and in giving to the community a ministry that has generally proved itself the sternest obstacle to the progress of anti-slavery truth, has been such as ought to excite the deepest apprehension and alarm for the cause of humanity and of Christianity, and ought to call forth the severest rebuke of every abolitionist. Supported by Br. Pillsbury. Supported by Br. Pillsbury. The meeting then adjourned sine die. The meeting then adjourned sine die. sine die. E. MACK, President. E. MACK, President. President. T.B. MOSES, Secretary. T.B. MOSES, Secretary. Secretary. 

 The contents of this interesting monthly, for September, are— History of Music; A Leaf from the Tomb of Virgil; The American Glee Book; The Plane Forte; A Broken Vase; Musical Dictionary; Time; American Preceptor; Samuel Webb; Advice to Players on the Piano Forts; New Publications; The Alpine Horn; National Musical Convention; Advice to Composers; Music— When the moonlight streaming. The contents of this interesting monthly, for September, are— History of Music; A Leaf from the Tomb of Virgil; The American Glee Book; The Plane Forte; A Broken Vase; Musical Dictionary; Time; American Preceptor; Samuel Webb; Advice to Players on the Piano Forts; New Publications; The Alpine Horn; National Musical Convention; Advice to Composers; Music— When the moonlight streaming. 

 PORTE PLATT, May 6th, 1841. PORTE PLATT, May 6th, 1841. A meeting of the citizens of this place favorable to immediate emancipation, convened in the Wesleyan Chapel, for the purpose of discussing our duty in assisting the American Anti-Slavery Society in their noble struggle. The meeting was called to order by Wm. P. Griffin. On motion, Henry Purdy was called to the chair, and David P. Ray appointed Secretary. After some concise remarks by Mr. Griffin, Mr. and Mrs. Chapman being present, (friends to the cause, and abolitionists of Boston, U.S.) were then introduced to the meeting, and participated in its deliberations; giving a statement of the rise and progress of the cause, and its hopes of ultimate success; which were exultingly received. Their eloquent remarks excited new vigor in the assembly. They were followed by Mr. Griffin, in a short speech on slavery, its deleterious effects, the necessity of its abolition throughout the world, and our duty to assist in such a laudable enterprise. A meeting of the citizens of this place favorable to immediate emancipation, convened in the Wesleyan Chapel, for the purpose of discussing our duty in assisting the American Anti-Slavery Society in their noble struggle. The meeting was called to order by Wm. P. Griffin. On motion, Henry Purdy was called to the chair, and David P. Ray appointed Secretary. After some concise remarks by Mr. Griffin, Mr. and Mrs. Chapman being present, (friends to the cause, and abolitionists of Boston, U.S.) were then introduced to the meeting, and participated in its deliberations; giving a statement of the rise and progress of the cause, and its hopes of ultimate success; which were exultingly received. Their eloquent remarks excited new vigor in the assembly. They were followed by Mr. Griffin, in a short speech on slavery, its deleterious effects, the necessity of its abolition throughout the world, and our duty to assist in such a laudable enterprise. The Rev. William Towler made an address, to show that influence and money were necessary in forwarding this great work of immediate emancipation. The Rev. William Towler made an address, to show that influence and money were necessary in forwarding this great work of immediate emancipation. After various remarks and questions from different persons, the meeting adjourned until the 13th inst., at the same place. After various remarks and questions from different persons, the meeting adjourned until the 13th inst., at the same place. Met according to adjournment. Met according to adjournment. The following Constitution was submitted to the meeting, and adopted article by article: The following Constitution was submitted to the meeting, and adopted article by article: LIBERTY. CONSTITUTION. EQUALITY. LIBERTY. CONSTITUTION. EQUALITY. Believing slavery to be a sin against God and man, we, the undersigned, hereby form ourselves into a Society for its complete extinction, and pledge ourselves to do all in our power for the attainment of that righteous object— the freedom of all mankind. Believing slavery to be a sin against God and man, we, the undersigned, hereby form ourselves into a Society for its complete extinction, and pledge ourselves to do all in our power for the attainment of that righteous object— the freedom of all mankind. ARTICLE I. This Society shall be called the Anti-Slavery Society of Porte Platt. ARTICLE I. This Society shall be called the Anti-Slavery Society of Porte Platt. ART. II. For the better performance of the duty we have undertaken, there shall be annually appointed, as servants of this Society, a President, Vice President, Recording Secretary, Treasurer, Librarian, and six Counsellors. ART. II. For the better performance of the duty we have undertaken, there shall be annually appointed, as servants of this Society, a President, Vice President, Recording Secretary, Treasurer, Librarian, and six Counsellors. ART. III. The meetings of this Society shall be regularly notified by the Recording Secretary, and shall be held on the 2d Thursday of January, April, July, and October; with as many more as shall be found necessary or desirable, for the purpose of devising plans, giving and receiving intelligence, and transacting such business as a diligent devotion to the interests of universal freedom cannot fail to suggest. ART. III. The meetings of this Society shall be regularly notified by the Recording Secretary, and shall be held on the 2d Thursday of January, April, July, and October; with as many more as shall be found necessary or desirable, for the purpose of devising plans, giving and receiving intelligence, and transacting such business as a diligent devotion to the interests of universal freedom cannot fail to suggest. ART. IV. As the strong hold of slavery is in the example of the United States of America, we are decided by that consideration, to labor for its extinction in alliance with the American Anti-Slavery Society. ART. IV. As the strong hold of slavery is in the example of the United States of America, we are decided by that consideration, to labor for its extinction in alliance with the American Anti-Slavery Society. ART. V. Our measures shall be like those of Garrison, and of the philanthropists of the American Anti-Slavery Society with whom we are in alliance,— Peaceful. 'They shall be such only as the opposition of moral purity to moral corruption— the overthrow of error by the potency of truth— the destruction of prejudice by the power of love— and the abolition of slavery by the spirit of repentance.' We will never countenance, in connection with this Society, either insurrection in any other country, or violence in our own; deeming that the cause of Freedom can be truly served only by moral courage, free speech and action, and persevering and unceasing labor; and that it is ultimately injured by an appeal to force and bloodshed. ART. V. Our measures shall be like those of Garrison, and of the philanthropists of the American Anti-Slavery Society with whom we are in alliance,— Peaceful. Peaceful. 'They shall be such only as the opposition of moral purity to moral corruption— the overthrow of error by the potency of truth— the destruction of prejudice by the power of love— and the abolition of slavery by the spirit of repentance.' We will never countenance, in connection with this Society, either insurrection in any other country, or violence in our own; deeming that the cause of Freedom can be truly served only by moral courage, free speech and action, and persevering and unceasing labor; and that it is ultimately injured by an appeal to force and bloodshed. ART. VI. All persons loving the cause of Freedom, and subscribing to the above articles, may become members of this Society, and be entitled to all its privileges; of whatever nation, rank, sect, or color, such persons may be. As philanthropists, 'our country is the world— our countrymen are all mankind;' our watchword is 'Liberty and Equality!' ART. VI. All persons loving the cause of Freedom, and subscribing to the above articles, may become members of this Society, and be entitled to all its privileges; of whatever nation, rank, sect, or color, such persons may be. As philanthropists, 'our country is the world— our countrymen are all mankind;' our watchword is 'Liberty and Equality!' [Here follow the names of more than seventy persons who signed the Constitution, both men and women— among which we notice those of Henry G. and Maria W. Chapman.] [Here follow the names of more than seventy persons who signed the Constitution, both men and women— among which we notice those of Henry G. and Maria W. Chapman.] On motion of Mr. Griffin, a committee of three persons was appointed to select officers, according to the Constitution. The following names were returned, viz: For President, Henry Purdy; Vice President, Charles C. Beard; Recording Secretary, David P. Ray; Corresponding Secretary, Wm. P. Griffin; Council, Reazon Handsbury, James Banks, William H. Hall, Mrs. Towler, Mrs. Jane Nelson, Mrs. Susan Craig; Librarian, Jas. Treadwell. The above named were unanimously elected for one year. On motion of Mr. Griffin, a committee of three persons was appointed to select officers, according to the Constitution. The following names were returned, viz: For President, Henry Purdy; Vice President, Charles C. Beard; Recording Secretary, David P. Ray; Corresponding Secretary, Wm. P. Griffin; Council, Reazon Handsbury, James Banks, William H. Hall, Mrs. Towler, Mrs. Jane Nelson, Mrs. Susan Craig; Librarian, Jas. Treadwell. The above named were unanimously elected for one year. Mr. James Treadwell then spoke at some length on the degrading influence of slavery, and on cultivation in the island; at the conclusion of which, the thanks of the meeting were tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Chapman, for the manner in which they had addressed the several meetings, and also for the medal of the American Society presented to our Society. Mr. James Treadwell then spoke at some length on the degrading influence of slavery, and on cultivation in the island; at the conclusion of which, the thanks of the meeting were tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Chapman, for the manner in which they had addressed the several meetings, and also for the medal of the American Society presented to our Society. The meeting then adjourned. The meeting then adjourned. HENRY PURDY, President. HENRY PURDY, President. President. DAVID P. RAY, Rec. Sec'ry. DAVID P. RAY, Rec. Sec'ry. Rec. Sec'ry. 

 EDUCATION. A new publication has been commenced in New-York, called the 'Journal of Education and Weekly Messenger,' 'devoted to education, religion, morality, and general intelligence,' and 'conducted by an association of colored teachers.' It is published on a small sheet every Saturday, by P. Loveridge, 251, Elizabeth-street, at $1 per annum, in advance. We have seen only the last (15th) number. EDUCATION. A new publication has been commenced in New-York, called the 'Journal of Education and Weekly Messenger,' 'devoted to education, religion, morality, and general intelligence,' and 'conducted by an association of colored teachers.' It is published on a small sheet every Saturday, by P. Loveridge, 251, Elizabeth-street, at $1 per annum, in advance. We have seen only the last (15th) number. 

 We have been informed, by a gentleman just arrived from Kaskaskia, the county seat of Randolph, Illinois, of the occurrence of events in that town, the recital of which cannot fail to fill the mind of every peaceable citizen and friend of law and social order with deep regret and profound sorrow. We have been informed, by a gentleman just arrived from Kaskaskia, the county seat of Randolph, Illinois, of the occurrence of events in that town, the recital of which cannot fail to fill the mind of every peaceable citizen and friend of law and social order with deep regret and profound sorrow. On Thursday night, the 12th inst., between two and three o'clock, when the family were asleep, the house of Mr. Whitehead, a lawyer, from St. Louis, whose family is at present residing at Kaskaskia, was surrounded by a party of men partially disguised, some with crape on their faces, some with handkerchiefs tied over the lower part of their faces, and nearly all with their coats put on wrong side out. Mr. W. had only that evening arrived in Kaskaskia, from St. Louis to attend court. After making frightful disturbance, breaking the windows and throwing in volleys of heavy rocks and stones upon the inhabitants of the house, some of which struck Mrs. W. on the breast, and came near killing an infant lying asleep on a bed, demanding with loud cries and dreadful oaths and imprecations, the person whom they came for, repeatedly swearing they would have his life, they finally, after reiterated violent assaults, burst open the door, wrenching it from its fastenings, and rushed in a body into the house upon the defenceless family. At this moment, just as they were on the point of securing the body of Mr. Whitehead, some neighbors, awoke from their sleep by the screams of the distressed females, and the loud disturbance made, and who had heard the noise made in breaking open the door, arrived at the house, which is situated some hundred feet from any other dwelling, whereupon the armed assailants, desirous doubtless of avoiding recognition rather than from any fear of the persons who arrived, took to flight in different directions. Some of the party well known as tavern-loungers of the town, and others of more respectable standing, who should have been expected to be incapable of such lawless outrage, were recognized by the family, notwithstanding their ill-contrived attempts to disguise their persons. On Thursday night, the 12th inst., between two and three o'clock, when the family were asleep, the house of Mr. Whitehead, a lawyer, from St. Louis, whose family is at present residing at Kaskaskia, was surrounded by a party of men partially disguised, some with crape on their faces, some with handkerchiefs tied over the lower part of their faces, and nearly all with their coats put on wrong side out. Mr. W. had only that evening arrived in Kaskaskia, from St. Louis to attend court. After making frightful disturbance, breaking the windows and throwing in volleys of heavy rocks and stones upon the inhabitants of the house, some of which struck Mrs. W. on the breast, and came near killing an infant lying asleep on a bed, demanding with loud cries and dreadful oaths and imprecations, the person whom they came for, repeatedly swearing they would have his life, they finally, after reiterated violent assaults, burst open the door, wrenching it from its fastenings, and rushed in a body into the house upon the defenceless family. At this moment, just as they were on the point of securing the body of Mr. Whitehead, some neighbors, awoke from their sleep by the screams of the distressed females, and the loud disturbance made, and who had heard the noise made in breaking open the door, arrived at the house, which is situated some hundred feet from any other dwelling, whereupon the armed assailants, desirous doubtless of avoiding recognition rather than from any fear of the persons who arrived, took to flight in different directions. Some of the party well known as tavern-loungers of the town, and others of more respectable standing, who should have been expected to be incapable of such lawless outrage, were recognized by the family, notwithstanding their ill-contrived attempts to disguise their persons. On Monday following when the court met, the Grand Jury was charged by U.S. Linder, Esq. a distinguished member of the Illinois Bar, and . . . in a powerful and "eloquent address', in which he referred to the scene of outrage which had occurred. It was well known that the chief actors in this scene had two weeks before taken an unfortunate man out of jail in the dead of night, who had been taken up on suspicion only, and had lynched him to death. The family of Mr. W. was summoned before the Grand Jury, and six several bills of indictment for burglary, with intent to kill, were found against such of the party as had been recognized. This, however, instead of operating in vindication of the laws and in giving security to individual life, only aggravated the matter. The persons concerned, proud of their influence and numbers, and strong in their hitherto impunity and power over the quiet inhabitants, felt they had nothing to fear, they went at large, were not even held to bail, threatened the family on account of their testimony, justified their conduct, increased their partisans, and boasted how they would bring witnesses to convict the family of perjury for its testimony to their persons. On Monday following when the court met, the Grand Jury was charged by U.S. Linder, Esq. a distinguished member of the Illinois Bar, and . . . in a powerful and "eloquent address', in which he referred to the scene of outrage which had occurred. It was well known that the chief actors in this scene had two weeks before taken an unfortunate man out of jail in the dead of night, who had been taken up on suspicion only, and had lynched him to death. The family of Mr. W. was summoned before the Grand Jury, and six several bills of indictment for burglary, with intent to kill, were found against such of the party as had been recognized. This, however, instead of operating in vindication of the laws and in giving security to individual life, only aggravated the matter. The persons concerned, proud of their influence and numbers, and strong in their hitherto impunity and power over the quiet inhabitants, felt they had nothing to fear, they went at large, were not even held to bail, threatened the family on account of their testimony, justified their conduct, increased their partisans, and boasted how they would bring witnesses to convict the family of perjury for its testimony to their persons. On Friday evening last, when the court adjourned, a party of them, in pursuance of their previous threats, surrounded the avenues of the court-house, and as Mr. W. was coming out, in company with Judge Breese, they seized upon him, and under the eyes of the Judge himself, they beat, knocked down, abused, kicked and trampled upon their victim with barbarous ferocity. He was, however, at this crisis, rescued from their hands by some noble and high-minded citizens of the place, who risked their own lives and sacrificed every personal consideration to save their fellow citizens and the town from the guilt of the most atrocious outrage and murder, which, but for their interposition, would no doubt have ensued. On Friday evening last, when the court adjourned, a party of them, in pursuance of their previous threats, surrounded the avenues of the court-house, and as Mr. W. was coming out, in company with Judge Breese, they seized upon him, and under the eyes of the Judge himself, they beat, knocked down, abused, kicked and trampled upon their victim with barbarous ferocity. He was, however, at this crisis, rescued from their hands by some noble and high-minded citizens of the place, who risked their own lives and sacrificed every personal consideration to save their fellow citizens and the town from the guilt of the most atrocious outrage and murder, which, but for their interposition, would no doubt have ensued. It remains to say, that the cause of these outrages and tumult proceeds from the circumstance, that Mr. W. in his character of attorney, had come on from St. Louis to attend to the suit of a colored man for his freedom, which he claimed on good and legal grounds. Several persons of Kaskaskia apprehended that if the suit progressed, some of their colored people held as slaves, many of them against legal right, their time having long since expired, according to the laws of Illinois, might also sue for and recover their freedom at the courts of law! The suit brought by Mr. W. was accordingly dismissed from court by Judge Breese, on the alleged ground of insufficiency in the security for costs, although thirty dollars in money had been deposited as required, and a bond filed and accepted by the Clerk of the Court on behalf of colored plaintiff. It remains to say, that the cause of these outrages and tumult proceeds from the circumstance, that Mr. W. in his character of attorney, had come on from St. Louis to attend to the suit of a colored man for his freedom, which he claimed on good and legal grounds. Several persons of Kaskaskia apprehended that if the suit progressed, some of their colored people held as slaves, many of them against legal right, their time having long since expired, according to the laws of Illinois, might also sue for and recover their freedom at the courts of law! The suit brought by Mr. W. was accordingly dismissed from court by Judge Breese, on the alleged ground of insufficiency in the security for costs, although thirty dollars in money had been deposited as required, and a bond filed and accepted by the Clerk of the Court on behalf of colored plaintiff. 

 POSTPONEMENT. A proposition having been made to hold a national convention in Philadelphia, in December next, in order to celebrate the formation of the American Anti-Slavery Society in that city, in 1833,— and the same having been submitted to the anti-slavery friends in this quarter,— it has been deemed expedient to postpone the calling of said convention until next year, in order that some time may be allowed to make it a truly national movement. POSTPONEMENT. A proposition having been made to hold a national convention in Philadelphia, in December next, in order to celebrate the formation of the American Anti-Slavery Society in that city, in 1833,— and the same having been submitted to the anti-slavery friends in this quarter,— it has been deemed expedient to postpone the calling of said convention until next year, in order that some time may be allowed to make it a truly national movement. 

 CAMPTON, Aug. 2, 1841. CAMPTON, Aug. 2, 1841. BROTHER WOOD,— I wish to say through your paper, as the organ of the Congregational denomination, that on the second Sabbath inst. I stepped down from my wooden pulpit elevation, where the clergy placed me, to a level with the rest of the people; I laid down the commission, license, credentials, &c. which the clergy gave me six years ago, that I might rely with more simplicity on the commission which the Lord Jesus gave me five years before that; I dissolved my connection with any denominational corporation, called church; 1, That I might more fully feel my union to Christ, the true vine; and 2, That I might withdraw myself from any sanction of slavery; and from the 'BROTHERHOOD of THIEVES,' who, by their wicked refusal to plead faithfully and fearlessly the cause of the bleeding slave, do constitute pillars of that abominable system. I relinquished my salary, because I am fully satisfied that a hireling priesthood can never convert the world to Christ; and further they will not, nay cannot exercise faith in God, as the early disciples did. Such a priesthood, I believe to have been the principal occasion of the worldliness, the corruption in doctrine and practice, and the spiritual death which reign in the so called orthodox, and every other denomination in which the clergy receive salaries. BROTHER WOOD,— I wish to say through your paper, as the organ of the Congregational denomination, that on the second Sabbath inst. I stepped down from my wooden pulpit elevation, where the clergy placed me, to a level with the rest of the people; I laid down the commission, license, credentials, &c. which the clergy gave me six years ago, that I might rely with more simplicity on the commission which the Lord Jesus gave me five years before that; I dissolved my connection with any denominational corporation, called church; 1, That I might more fully feel my union to Christ, the true vine; and 2, That I might withdraw myself from any sanction of slavery; and from the 'BROTHERHOOD of THIEVES,' who, by their wicked refusal to plead faithfully and fearlessly the cause of the bleeding slave, do constitute pillars of that abominable system. I relinquished my salary, because I am fully satisfied that a hireling priesthood can never convert the world to Christ; and further they will not, nay cannot exercise faith in God, as the early disciples did. Such a priesthood, I believe to have been the principal occasion of the worldliness, the corruption in doctrine and practice, and the spiritual death which reign in the so called orthodox, and every other denomination in which the clergy receive salaries. Finally, I endeavored to strip myself of the whole armor of sect, that I might go forth against the enemies of God and man, with the simple principles of truth as my only weapons, and the God of Hosts my only defence; counting all else as mere dross, that I might win Christ. Finally, I endeavored to strip myself of the whole armor of sect, that I might go forth against the enemies of God and man, with the simple principles of truth as my only weapons, and the God of Hosts my only defence; counting all else as mere dross, that I might win Christ. Yours for the cross and the crown, Yours for the cross and the crown, T.P. BEACH. T.P. BEACH. 

 Reader, don't fail to peruse the letter of elder Abel Brown, and also the proceedings of the Strafford County A.S. Society at Dover. Our present number contains other articles worthy of special attention. Reader, don't fail to peruse the letter of elder Abel Brown, and also the proceedings of the Strafford County A.S. Society at Dover. Our present number contains other articles worthy of special attention. 

 The governor general of Cuba has prohibited the enrolment of foreign-built vessels, square-rigged, or fitted for voyages across the ocean, from and after the 24th of June, 1842. The Baltimore clippers will lose their market, and the consulate at Havana will lose its 'fees.' The governor general of Cuba has prohibited the enrolment of foreign-built vessels, square-rigged, or fitted for voyages across the ocean, from and after the 24th of June, 1842. The Baltimore clippers will lose their market, and the consulate at Havana will lose its 'fees.' These movements have a most portentous aspect, when viewed in connection with the character of the present governor-in-chief, General Valdez. He is represented as a very honorable, soldier-like man. As an instance of his integrity, it is said he utterly refuses to receive what is called 'the head money;' i. e. the bribes of the slaveholders for winking at the illicit introduction of slaves from Africa. It is supposed that former governors have received an income of at least one hundred thousand dollars per annum. We fear there are some American functionaries, who would hardly resist such a temptation. These movements have a most portentous aspect, when viewed in connection with the character of the present governor-in-chief, General Valdez. He is represented as a very honorable, soldier-like man. As an instance of his integrity, it is said he utterly refuses to receive what is called 'the head money;' i. e. the bribes of the slaveholders for winking at the illicit introduction of slaves from Africa. It is supposed that former governors have received an income of at least one hundred thousand dollars per annum. We fear there are some American functionaries, who would hardly resist such a temptation. The British government have issued an order, prohibiting all its subjects, holding official stations in slaveholding countries, from becoming the owners of slaves. This has produced a great sensation at Havana, and a very salutary reform. It makes some of the British officials squirm not a little. The British government have issued an order, prohibiting all its subjects, holding official stations in slaveholding countries, from becoming the owners of slaves. This has produced a great sensation at Havana, and a very salutary reform. It makes some of the British officials squirm not a little. The London Anti-Slavery Committee have thanked Lord Palmerston in a complimentary letter, in which they suggest 'that no person be appointed to office under the crown, in countries where slavery and the slave trade exist, who is not prepared, in the use of all legitimate and honorable means, to second the effort of the home government and the people, in their laudable design to terminate evils which have so long and so fearfully afflicted and degraded mankind.'— Emancipator. The London Anti-Slavery Committee have thanked Lord Palmerston in a complimentary letter, in which they suggest 'that no person be appointed to office under the crown, in countries where slavery and the slave trade exist, who is not prepared, in the use of all legitimate and honorable means, to second the effort of the home government and the people, in their laudable design to terminate evils which have so long and so fearfully afflicted and degraded mankind.'— Emancipator Emancipator . 

 We ask the joint co-operation of all our white and colored friends, in aid of the school proposed by the accomplished Thomas Paul. See advertisement. We ask the joint co-operation of all our white and colored friends, in aid of the school proposed by the accomplished Thomas Paul. See advertisement. 

 A GOOD WITNESS TO A MATERIAL POINT. A correspondent of the Jamaica Morning Journal thus dilates on the alleged want of continuous labor there: A GOOD WITNESS TO A MATERIAL POINT. A correspondent of the Jamaica Morning Journal thus dilates on the alleged want of continuous labor there: 'I maintain that, if an iniquitous slander was ever put upon any people, this of the refusal of the negro to work is it. It is slandering him out of the little civilization he has, and of all the cunning he boasts of. If the assertion were true, human nature would be a libel on the wisdom and goodness of the all-wise. I listen not here to the trial of his policy on the first obtaining his freedom, when the poor wretch quickly found himself in deep waters, as an objection, because that very experience has sharpened his wit. But who are these assertors of the want of continuous labor? Alack the day! Intellect is at a premium since 1834 in Jamaica, and the poor noodle of a busha, having lost all his in the whip which was then swept away, gives it as his opinion to his no less sapient attorney, that the negroes will . . . (though my experience of the island is large) any one possessing a fair share of common sense and resolution, who ever talked in this manner. 'I maintain that, if an iniquitous slander was ever put upon any people, this of the refusal of the negro to work is it. It is slandering him out of the little civilization he has, and of all the cunning he boasts of. If the assertion were true, human nature would be a libel on the wisdom and goodness of the all-wise. I listen not here to the trial of his policy on the first obtaining his freedom, when the poor wretch quickly found himself in deep waters, as an objection, because that very experience has sharpened his wit. But who are these assertors of the want of continuous labor? Alack the day! Intellect is at a premium since 1834 in Jamaica, and the poor noodle of a busha, having lost all his in the whip which was then swept away, gives it as his opinion to his no less sapient attorney, that the negroes will . . . (though my experience of the island is large) any one possessing a fair share of common sense and resolution, who ever talked in this manner. The real state of the peasantry is this— they have fictitious wants enough to induce them to work continuously, if they are fairly treated by their employers; but also they have sense enough not to risk the privileges of freedom (and, if you like it, the impertinences of ignorance,) beyond the bare supply of their present fictitious wants and necessities. There is truly a want amongst us— of intellect and gentlemanly principles. Where these are so deficient at the upper end of society, what can we look for in the wretched negro?' The real state of the peasantry is this— they have fictitious wants enough to induce them to work continuously, if they are fairly treated by their employers; but also they have sense enough not to risk the privileges of freedom (and, if you like it, the impertinences of ignorance,) beyond the bare supply of their present fictitious wants and necessities. There is truly a want amongst us— of intellect and gentlemanly principles. Where these are so deficient at the upper end of society, what can we look for in the wretched negro?' 

 The Mechanic's Fair. At 12 o'clock on Monday, Faneuil and Quincy Halls were thrown open for the third exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association. The arrangements which have been made for this exhibition are extensive, and in good taste. The visitors enter Faneuil Hall, where the scene that meets the eye is indeed enchanting. The Hall is beautifully decorated, and the floor and galleries are covered with specimens of mechanical skill, which illustrate in the strongest manner the high state of perfection to which the mechanic arts are brought in New-England. The Mechanic's Fair. The Mechanic's Fair. At 12 o'clock on Monday, Faneuil and Quincy Halls were thrown open for the third exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association. The arrangements which have been made for this exhibition are extensive, and in good taste. The visitors enter Faneuil Hall, where the scene that meets the eye is indeed enchanting. The Hall is beautifully decorated, and the floor and galleries are covered with specimens of mechanical skill, which illustrate in the strongest manner the high state of perfection to which the mechanic arts are brought in New-England. Passing over a bridge, and through a tunnel, which from the streets has a picturesque effect, the visitor enters Quincy Hall, and passing through the whole length of the Hall, admires on every side the great variety of works of art, of the most beautiful and finished description, which meet him at every step. Passing over a bridge, and through a tunnel, which from the streets has a picturesque effect, the visitor enters Quincy Hall, and passing through the whole length of the Hall, admires on every side the great variety of works of art, of the most beautiful and finished description, which meet him at every step. This exhibition is truly an honor to New-England, and will be attended by crowds of delighted visitors.— Mer. Jour. This exhibition is truly an honor to New-England, and will be attended by crowds of delighted visitors.— Mer. Jour. Mer. Jour. A shocking murder was committed at the Cambridge Alms House, on Sunday last, by a pauper, named Wm. H. Britton, who entered the room where a young Irish girl named Stevenson, was reading the Testament to her companions, seized her, and drawing a large knife from his bosom, plunged it between her right shoulder and breast, quite through her heart and lungs, and out under her left shoulder-blade. She advanced towards the door, and fell down dead at the threshold. A shocking murder was committed at the Cambridge Alms House, on Sunday last, by a pauper, named Wm. H. Britton, who entered the room where a young Irish girl named Stevenson, was reading the Testament to her companions, seized her, and drawing a large knife from his bosom, plunged it between her right shoulder and breast, quite through her heart and lungs, and out under her left shoulder-blade. She advanced towards the door, and fell down dead at the threshold. Britton was immediately arrested. A coroner's inquest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder returned against him. He confessed the deed. It was his wish that the murdered girl should marry him, but she refusing, he made up his mind that no one else should, and thus became a murderer. He was committed to jail. He is fifty-seven years of age, and is a native of Nova Scotia. Britton was immediately arrested. A coroner's inquest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder returned against him. He confessed the deed. It was his wish that the murdered girl should marry him, but she refusing, he made up his mind that no one else should, and thus became a murderer. He was committed to jail. He is fifty-seven years of age, and is a native of Nova Scotia. Capture of a Slaver. The Acorn, British brig of war, Commander Adams, captured on the 6th of July, after a long chase, a notorious piratical slaver. She proved to be the Spanish slave brig Gabriel, (which beat off the boats of the Termagant, and killed and wounded so many of her men,) with a cargo valued at $50,000, from the Havana bound to Canada, to purchase 800 slaves. She is fitted with leagues, slave deck, shackles, and every thing complete to take that number off the coast. The captain could not be found, and it is supposed he jumped overboard when the vessel struck. The vessel answers the description of the brig that plundered the Windermere Indiaman. When taken possession of, she had a crew of 65 desperate Spaniards, mounted one long 24 pounder on a pivot, and two 24 pounder carronades. Sent to St. Helena for adjudication. Capture of a Slaver. Capture of a Slaver. The Acorn, British brig of war, Commander Adams, captured on the 6th of July, after a long chase, a notorious piratical slaver. She proved to be the Spanish slave brig Gabriel, (which beat off the boats of the Termagant, and killed and wounded so many of her men,) with a cargo valued at $50,000, from the Havana bound to Canada, to purchase 800 slaves. She is fitted with leagues, slave deck, shackles, and every thing complete to take that number off the coast. The captain could not be found, and it is supposed he jumped overboard when the vessel struck. The vessel answers the description of the brig that plundered the Windermere Indiaman. When taken possession of, she had a crew of 65 desperate Spaniards, mounted one long 24 pounder on a pivot, and two 24 pounder carronades. Sent to St. Helena for adjudication. Another Seizure.— Letters were received in this city on Friday, from the American Consul at St. Helena, which stated that the brig Cipher, late of this port, had been seized by the British on the coast of Africa. The Cipher left Salem in command of Capt. Dayley. She was sold at Cabenda, Africa, to the Portuguese, for the sum of $7,500, and on the 11th of July was taken possession of by the British brig Persian on charge of being intended and fitting up for the slave trade. Suits were instituted, and the brig was condemned in a Court of Admiralty.— Salem Register. Another Seizure. Another Seizure. — Letters were received in this city on Friday, from the American Consul at St. Helena, which stated that the brig Cipher, late of this port, had been seized by the British on the coast of Africa. The Cipher left Salem in command of Capt. Dayley. She was sold at Cabenda, Africa, to the Portuguese, for the sum of $7,500, and on the 11th of July was taken possession of by the British brig Persian on charge of being intended and fitting up for the slave trade. Suits were instituted, and the brig was condemned in a Court of Admiralty.— Salem Register. Salem Register. Another Riot at Cincinnati. A serious riot took place at Cincinnati on Tuesday evening, 14th inst. In the early part of the night information was given to the watch house of an assault committed on a woman in a disorderly house on Bank alley between Main and Walnut streets Some of the watchmen went immediately to preserve the peace, and when in the house they were attacked, and three of them, Capt. Ewan, Lt. J.B. Bowlin and Robert Coppin, wounded; the last two dangerously, and all were insensible at daylight. Another Riot at Cincinnati. Another Riot at Cincinnati. A serious riot took place at Cincinnati on Tuesday evening, 14th inst. In the early part of the night information was given to the watch house of an assault committed on a woman in a disorderly house on Bank alley between Main and Walnut streets Some of the watchmen went immediately to preserve the peace, and when in the house they were attacked, and three of them, Capt. Ewan, Lt. J.B. Bowlin and Robert Coppin, wounded; the last two dangerously, and all were insensible at daylight. Disgraceful Outrage. Our hitherto quiet village was the scene of a most disgraceful outrage on the 11th inst. A man by the name of Prindle, who basely abandoned his wife, some months since, had the temerity to return. A mob soon collected with the evident intention of taking the law into their own hands. After several ineffectual attempts to secure him, they finally forced the door of the house in which he was concealed, and dragging him into the street, placed him upon a rail, and in that manner paraded him through the town, with exulting shouts and fiendish exclamations, to the great disturbance of the peace and repose of our more orderly citizens.— Rahway (N.C.) Herald. Disgraceful Outrage. Disgraceful Outrage. Our hitherto quiet village was the scene of a most disgraceful outrage on the 11th inst. A man by the name of Prindle, who basely abandoned his wife, some months since, had the temerity to return. A mob soon collected with the evident intention of taking the law into their own hands. After several ineffectual attempts to secure him, they finally forced the door of the house in which he was concealed, and dragging him into the street, placed him upon a rail, and in that manner paraded him through the town, with exulting shouts and fiendish exclamations, to the great disturbance of the peace and repose of our more orderly citizens.— Rahway (N.C.) Herald. Rahway (N.C.) Herald. A. Duel. We learn, says the Baltimore Sun, that a duel took place on Tuesday last, near Elk Ridge landing, between a gentleman from Philadelphia and an officer of the U.S. Navy; the arm of the latter was shattered by his opponent. We have not learned the names of the gentlemen engaged in this 'affair of honor,' nor do we know the cause of the difficulty. It is said a second meeting was fixed, but that steps have been taken to prevent another exchange of shots. A. Duel. A. Duel. We learn, says the Baltimore Sun, that a duel took place on Tuesday last, near Elk Ridge landing, between a gentleman from Philadelphia and an officer of the U.S. Navy; the arm of the latter was shattered by his opponent. We have not learned the names of the gentlemen engaged in this 'affair of honor,' nor do we know the cause of the difficulty. It is said a second meeting was fixed, but that steps have been taken to prevent another exchange of shots. Four Persons Burnt to Ashes! We have been furnished with the following details of a late horrible catastrophe. The house of Sylvester S.H. Brown, on South Creek, about 8 miles from this place, was consumed by fire on the 11th inst., at about 11 o'clock at night, with four persons, viz. two sons of Mr. Brown, one aged 7 and the other 5 years— Thomas Smith, aged 50 years, and a daughter of Ezekiel Campbell, aged 11 years. Four Persons Burnt to Ashes! Four Persons Burnt to Ashes! We have been furnished with the following details of a late horrible catastrophe. The house of Sylvester S.H. Brown, on South Creek, about 8 miles from this place, was consumed by fire on the 11th inst., at about 11 o'clock at night, with four persons, viz. two sons of Mr. Brown, one aged 7 and the other 5 years— Thomas Smith, aged 50 years, and a daughter of Ezekiel Campbell, aged 11 years. The state of things at the approaching session of Congress will be extraordinary and exciting. The severance of old political friends will create a fearful war of words— and, probably, the Bowie knife will be brought in aid of the argument. That is the opinion given, in the late debate in the House on the last week's riot, by Mr. Warren, of Georgia, and other respectable members. The abolition question which must be met at the opening of Congress, and is the first thing to come up, will add much to the general excitement and confusion. The state of things at the approaching session of Congress will be extraordinary and exciting. The severance of old political friends will create a fearful war of words words — and, probably, the Bowie knife will be brought in aid of the argument. That is the opinion given, in the late debate in the House on the last week's riot, by Mr. Warren, of Georgia, and other respectable members. The abolition question which must be met at the opening of Congress, and is the first thing to come up, will add much to the general excitement and confusion. The Hollis Street Saints are determined on having their pound of flesh. At a meeting on Monday evening, they resolved to throw overboard the decision of the Ecclesiastical Council, and eject Mr. Pierpont (we suppose) per force, if necessary, We intend to look out for a detailed account of the proceedings of this christian olique, which we will give at full length, with notes explanatory, before our readers.— Boston Times. The Hollis Street Saints are determined on having their pound of flesh. At their pound of flesh. At a meeting on Monday evening, they resolved to throw overboard the decision of the Ecclesiastical Council, and eject Mr. Pierpont (we suppose) per force, if necessary, We intend to look out for a detailed account of the proceedings of this christian olique, which we will give at full length, with notes explanatory, before our readers.— Boston Times. Boston Times. Yellow Fever at New Orleans.— The yellow fever, we regret to state, continues to increase at New Orleans. The papers of the 10th announce thirty-five deaths by yellow fever on the preceding day, and those of the 11th, twenty-five deaths by the fever— making sixty deaths in two days. Yellow Fever at New Orleans. Yellow Fever at New Orleans. — The yellow fever, we regret to state, continues to increase at New Orleans. The papers of the 10th announce thirty-five thirty-five deaths by yellow fever on the preceding day, and those of the 11th, twenty-five twenty-five deaths by the fever— making sixty deaths in two days. A thunder storm of unusual violence swept over Liverpool, on the 23d ult. which did great damage to two churches. A thunder storm of unusual violence swept over Liverpool, on the 23d ult. which did great damage to two churches. The celebrated writer, Theodore Hook, died on the 24th ult., in his 56th year, of bilious cholera. He was for many years editor of the John Bull. The celebrated writer, Theodore Hook, died on the 24th ult., in his 56th year, of bilious cholera. He was for many years editor of the John Bull. Mr. Wells, the celebrated American banker, died in Paris, on the 30th of August Mr. Wells, the celebrated American banker, died in Paris, on the 30th of August At Concord 21st inst. Rev. Ezra Ripley, D.D., 90, the oldest clergyman in the State. At Concord 21st inst. Rev. Ezra Ripley, D.D., 90, the oldest clergyman in the State. We learn from the Nashville Banner of the 10th inst, that ex-Governor Cannon was attacked with paralysis soon after he retired to bed, on the night of the 8th instant, and now remains in a very critical state. (He has since expired.) We learn from the Nashville Banner of the 10th inst, that ex-Governor Cannon was attacked with paralysis soon after he retired to bed, on the night of the 8th instant, and now remains in a very critical state. (He has since expired.) We regret to learn that Mr. J.K. Paulding, late Secretary of the Navy, lies very dangerously sick at his residence in this city.— Com. Adv. We regret to learn that Mr. J.K. Paulding, late Secretary of the Navy, lies very dangerously sick at his residence in this city.— Com. Adv. Com. Adv. The Hon. John Sergeant has resigned his seat as a member of Congress from the second District of Pennsylvania. The Hon. John Sergeant has resigned his seat as a member of Congress from the second District of Pennsylvania. A heavy forgery was committed on the 1st inst. at New Orleans. by an individual calling himself John P. Caldwell, who forged a letter of credit for $25,000, upon the house of Brown, Brothers & Co., of this city. He has as yet escaped. A heavy forgery was committed on the 1st inst. at New Orleans. by an individual calling himself John P. Caldwell, who forged a letter of credit for $25,000, upon the house of Brown, Brothers & Co., of this city. He has as yet escaped. Great Reward. Messrs. Brown, Brothers & Co., offer a reward of $10,000 for the apprehension of the pretended Jno. P. Caldwell, who by forged letters defrauded them of $25,000. Great Reward. Great Reward. Messrs. Brown, Brothers & Co., offer a reward of $10,000 for the apprehension of the pretended Jno. P. Caldwell, who by forged letters defrauded them of $25,000. A boy about fifteen months old, son of a Mr. Bacon, was found dead in a vault in Sudbury street this forenoon, supposed to have fallen in accidentally and was smothered.— Transcript. A boy about fifteen months old, son of a Mr. Bacon, was found dead in a vault in Sudbury street this forenoon, supposed to have fallen in accidentally and was smothered.— Transcript. Transcript. A severe hail storm visited Henry county, Va., on the 30th ult. It destroyed the crops and injured the orchards in that vicinity to a serious extent. A negro man was killed and another seriously injured. The hail full in large quantities, and the stones were of great size. A severe hail storm visited Henry county, Va., on the 30th ult. It destroyed the crops and injured the orchards in that vicinity to a serious extent. A negro man was killed and another seriously injured. The hail full in large quantities, and the stones were of great size. The Merchants' Exchange, at New Orleans, was struck by lightning on the 10th inst. The lightning set fire to the roof, but the flames were arrested after damage to the amount of from 4000 to $6000. The Merchants' Exchange, at New Orleans, was struck by lightning on the 10th inst. The lightning set fire to the roof, but the flames were arrested after damage to the amount of from 4000 to $6000. The Cincinnati journals say that the recent mob has drawn into the city a vast number of burglars and worthless vagabonds. The Cincinnati journals say that the recent mob has drawn into the city a vast number of burglars and worthless vagabonds. Railroad from Providence to Worcester.— The Providence folks are talking about a railroad from their city to Worcester. The distance to the Boston and Worcester railroad is 33 miles, and the cost is estimated at $330,000. Railroad from Providence to Worcester. Railroad from Providence to Worcester. — The Providence folks are talking about a railroad from their city to Worcester. The distance to the Boston and Worcester railroad is 33 miles, and the cost is estimated at $330,000. 

 Of the many cunning contrivances to escape from slavery, we think the following is about the most shrewd we have heard yet. Two slaves in a certain county of Virginia, ran away with one of their master's horses. They started very early in the morning, in the following fashion. One of the slaves fastened a strong rope round the other's body, tied him to the saddle, and drove off. When met and questioned, the rider answered, 'That black rascal undertook to run away from massa. I've caught him, and am taking him home, quick step. I guess he won't be for running away again in a hurry, after massa's had the cooking of him.' This failed not to elicit warm approbation, accompanied with hospitable offers of refreshment for himself and his horse. Of the many cunning contrivances to escape from slavery, we think the following is about the most shrewd we have heard yet. Two slaves in a certain county of Virginia, ran away with one of their master's horses. They started very early in the morning, in the following fashion. One of the slaves fastened a strong rope round the other's body, tied him to the saddle, and drove off. When met and questioned, the rider answered, 'That black rascal undertook to run away from massa. I've caught him, and am taking him home, quick step. I guess he won't be for running away again in a hurry, after massa's had the cooking of him.' This failed not to elicit warm approbation, accompanied with hospitable offers of refreshment for himself and his horse. When arrived at a convenient place, the slaves exchanged places; the rider submitting to the rope in his turn, while the other performed his part to admiration; and, like him, received assistance and praise for his honest zeal in his master's service. When arrived at a convenient place, the slaves exchanged places; the rider submitting to the rope in his turn, while the other performed his part to admiration; and, like him, received assistance and praise for his honest zeal in his master's service. Thus they journeyed 'in tye,' till they reached Pennsylvania, when the rope was no longer necessary. Thence they passed over into Canada.— Anti-Slavery Standard. Thus they journeyed 'in tye,' till they reached Pennsylvania, when the rope was no longer necessary. Thence they passed over into Canada.— Anti-Slavery Standard Anti-Slavery Standard . 

 The subscriber, recently from Dartmouth College— knowing the deplorable condition of the colored people of Boston in educational acquirements, the imperious necessity of the exertions of their more favored friends for their elevation to that rank in society, which will make them useful members of it, and the absence, at the present time, of efficient means to affect this desirable object, proposes to open a SCHOOL as soon as may be, which shall combine the elementary branches of English with Mathematics, the Latin, Greek, and French Languages. As no school, offering these facilities for acquiring a good education, is at present open to the colored population of this city— as there has hitherto been a great apathy on this subject— and as this school is to be conducted principally by colored individuals, well qualified for the task— the subscriber throws himself upon the generosity of a liberal and enlightened public, confidently relying upon them for encouragement and support in this undertaking. The pecuniary disabilities of the colored people— a great majority of them, at least— compel him to ask assistance of these upon whom a kind Providence has lavished his bounties with an unsparing hand. Let it not be said, then, that in the Athens of America, where every avenue to religion and literary culture is open to white persons, another class, thirsting for and humbly sipping at the fount of knowledge wherever an opportunity offers, is debarred, by cold apathy or active opposition, from its life-giving streams. The subscriber, recently from Dartmouth College— knowing the deplorable condition of the colored people of Boston in educational acquirements, the imperious necessity of the exertions of their more favored friends for their elevation to that rank in society, which will make them useful members of it, and the absence, at the present time, of efficient means to affect this desirable object, proposes to open a SCHOOL as soon as may be, which shall combine the elementary branches of English with Mathematics, the Latin, Greek, and French Languages. As no school, offering these facilities for acquiring a good education, is at present open to the colored population of this city— as there has hitherto been a great apathy on this subject— and as this school is to be conducted principally by colored individuals, well qualified for the task— the subscriber throws himself upon the generosity of a liberal and enlightened public, confidently relying upon them for encouragement and support in this undertaking. The pecuniary disabilities of the colored people— a great majority of them, at least— compel him to ask assistance of these upon whom a kind Providence has lavished his bounties with an unsparing hand. Let it not be said, then, that in the Athens of America, where every avenue to religion and literary culture is open to white persons, another class, thirsting for and humbly sipping at the fount of knowledge wherever an opportunity offers, is debarred, by cold apathy or active opposition, from its life-giving streams. In the English Department, instruction will be given in Reading, Spelling and Defining, Grammar, Intellectual and Practical Arithmetic, Geography, Natural Philosophy, Chemistry, Rhetoric, and other branches, if desired. In the English Department, instruction will be given in Reading, Spelling and Defining, Grammar, Intellectual and Practical Arithmetic, Geography, Natural Philosophy, Chemistry, Rhetoric, and other branches, if desired. In the Department of Languages, the Latin, Greek and French will be taught in the most approved method. In the Department of Languages, the Latin, Greek and French will be taught in the most approved method. The subscriber would refer all who feel interested in the enterprise in which he is about to engage, to Rev. Dr. Sharp, Rev. Baron Stow, Rev. Silas Aiken, Boston; and Rev. Joseph W. Parker, Cambridge. The subscriber would refer all who feel interested in the enterprise in which he is about to engage, to Rev. Dr. Sharp, Rev. Baron Stow, Rev. Silas Aiken, Boston; and Rev. Joseph W. Parker, Cambridge. THOMAS PAUL. THOMAS PAUL. Boston, Sept. 29, 1841. Boston, Sept. 29, 1841. 

 The Boston Free Discussion Society will hold a public meeting in 'Winchester Hall,' Purchase street, on SUNDAY NEXT, commencing at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The Boston Free Discussion Society will hold a public meeting in 'Winchester Hall,' Purchase street, on SUNDAY NEXT, commencing at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Question for discussion— Question for discussion— 'Is there any evidence of the identity of Man after death and decomposition?' ' Is there any evidence of the identity of Man after death and decomposition?' Is there any evidence of the identity of Man after death and decomposition?' Persons of every religious persuasion are respectfully invited to attend. The meeting is pledged to permit with a liberality not usually evinced in other Associations, any observations or remarks any person may judge it useful to make. Persons of every religious persuasion are respectfully invited to attend. The meeting is pledged to permit with a liberality not usually evinced in other Associations, any observations or remarks any person may judge it useful to make. 

 The friends of the slave are reminded that an adjourned meeting of the Liberty Party will be held at No. 32 Washington st. on Monday evening next, Oct. 4th at 7 1-2 o'clock, precisely. Those who are ready to come out from the two pro-slavery parties, and enlist under the banner of freedom, and also those who are still halting between two opinions, whether to vote for the slave at the polls, or for his enemy, are earnestly requested to be present. The friends of the slave are reminded that an adjourned meeting of the Liberty Party will be held at No. 32 Washington st. on Monday evening next, Oct. 4th at 7 1-2 o'clock, precisely. Those who are ready to come out from the two pro-slavery parties, and enlist under the banner of freedom, and also those who are still halting between two opinions, whether to vote for the slave at the polls, or for his enemy, are earnestly requested to be present. T.R. KIMBALL, Secretary. T.R. KIMBALL, Secretary. Boston, Sept. 29th, 1841. Boston, Sept. 29th, 1841. 

 Of all who believe it right to use the elective franchise for the good of the slave, will be held in Tremont Chapel, on Friday, October 8th, at 3 o'clock, P.M. and 7 o'clock in the evening. Come, every friend of crushed and bleeding humanity! Let no one who thinks it right to use the political power of the nation against slavery, be absent. Of all who believe it right to use the elective franchise for the good of the slave, will be held in Tremont Chapel, on Friday, October 8th, at 3 o'clock, P.M. and 7 o'clock in the evening. Come, every friend of crushed and bleeding humanity! Let no one who thinks it right to use the political power of the nation against slavery, be absent. Several eloquent speakers from other States will be present to address the meeting. Several eloquent speakers from other States will be present to address the meeting. How beats the heart of old Suffolk for liberty? How beats the heart of old Suffolk for liberty? 'Shall Massachusetts stand erect no longer, 'Shall Massachusetts stand erect no longer, But stoop, in chains, upon her downward way?' But stoop, in chains, upon her downward way?' Let us imitate our sister Counties, in preparing to answer this question at the polls. Let us imitate our sister Counties, in preparing to answer this question at the polls. Let the friends of the slave, in every part of the city, and of Chelsea, rally, and let us have a glorious meeting. Let the friends of the slave, in every part of the city, and of Chelsea, rally, and let us have a glorious meeting. JOHN E. FULLER, JOHN E. FULLER, Chairman of Co. Committee. Chairman of Co. Committee. Chairman of Co. Committee. 

 The voters of Ward 6, favorable to the anti-slavery cause, are invited to meet in the Ward Room, Thursday evening next, at 7 1-2 o'clock, to choose a Ward Committee, and take other measures to bring out a full vote at the November election. The voters of Ward 6, favorable to the anti-slavery cause, are invited to meet in the Ward Room, Thursday evening next, at 7 1-2 o'clock, to choose a Ward Committee, and take other measures to bring out a full vote at the November election. Messrs. Sam'l. E. Sewall, Chas. T. Torrey, Thomas Jennings and others, will address the meeting. Messrs. Sam'l. E. Sewall, Chas. T. Torrey, Thomas Jennings and others, will address the meeting. By order of the Committee. By order of the Committee. Boston, Sept. 27th, 1841. Boston, Sept. 27th, 1841. 

 A quarterly meeting of the Worcester County South Division Anti-Slavery Society will be held at the meeting-house in West Brookfield, on Tuesday, Oct. 5th, at 10 1-2 o'clock, A.M. to continue through the day and evening. Advocates of the cause are expected from abroad, and it is hoped that there will be a general attendance of the people. A quarterly meeting of the Worcester County South Division Anti-Slavery Society will be held at the meeting-house in West Brookfield, on Tuesday, Oct. 5th, at 10 1-2 o'clock, A.M. to continue through the day and evening. Advocates of the cause are expected from abroad, and it is hoped that there will be a general attendance of the people. SAMUEL MAY, Secretary. SAMUEL MAY, Secretary. 

 A meeting of this Society will be held at Holden, on WEDNESDAY, the 6th of October, at 10 o'clock, A.M. A meeting of this Society will be held at Holden, on WEDNESDAY, the 6th of October, at 10 o'clock, A.M. Let there be a strong gathering of all such as are willing to make sacrifices to redeem our brethren in bonds, and save those who have fallen among thieves. All local societies are requested to send strong delegations. Messrs. Garrison, Collins, and Douglas, the emancipated slave, and probably Wendell Phillips, will be present. Let there be a strong gathering of all such as are willing to make sacrifices to redeem our brethren in bonds, and save those who have fallen among thieves. All local societies are requested to send strong delegations. Messrs. Garrison, Collins, and Douglas, the emancipated slave, and probably Wendell Phillips, will be present. Meeting to continue through the day and evening. Meeting to continue through the day and evening. J.T. EVERETT, President. J.T. EVERETT, President. Sept. 22. Sept. 22. W.S. WILDER, Rec. Sec. W.S. WILDER, Rec. Sec. 

 The adjourned meeting of the Middlesex County, Anti-Slavery Society will be held at Concord, on Tuesday, the 12th of Oct. at 10 o'clock, A.M., to inquire into the relation the people, the church, and the clergy of Middlesex County sustain to the system of American slavery, and the best means to be adopted to bring about its immediate and complete abolition.' The adjourned meeting of the Middlesex County, Anti-Slavery Society will be held at Concord, on Tuesday, the 12th of Oct. at 10 o'clock, A.M., to inquire into the relation the people, the church, and the clergy of Middlesex County sustain to the system of American slavery, and the best means to be adopted to bring about its immediate and complete abolition.' Societies are requested to send delegates, and all persons interested in the subjects to be discussed are cordially invited to be present. Societies are requested to send delegates, and all persons interested in the subjects to be discussed are cordially invited to be present. Gentlemen from abroad are expected to give their attendance, and an interesting and profitable meeting may be anticipated. Gentlemen from abroad are expected to give their attendance, and an interesting and profitable meeting may be anticipated. HARRIS COWDREY, Secretary. HARRIS COWDREY, Secretary. Secretary. 

 The Norfolk County A.S. Society will hold its next quarterly meeting at Wrentham, in the Centre meeting-house, on Wednesday, Oct. 20th, at 10 o'clock, A.M. Wm. L. Garrison, John A. Collins, Edmund Quincy, and other friends of the slave, are expected to be present. A strong rally of the abolitionists of the County is anticipated, to rejoice over the brightening prospects of the cause, and to devise and urge rigorous measures for its successful prosecution. It is hoped that it will not be a small matter that will hinder hearty abolitionists in the county, and out of it, who can, to give their attendance. The Norfolk County A.S. Society will hold its next quarterly meeting at Wrentham, in the Centre meeting-house, on Wednesday, Oct. 20th, at 10 o'clock, A.M. Wm. L. Garrison, John A. Collins, Edmund Quincy, and other friends of the slave, are expected to be present. A strong rally of the abolitionists of the County is anticipated, to rejoice over the brightening prospects of the cause, and to devise and urge rigorous measures for its successful prosecution. It is hoped that it will not be a small matter that will hinder hearty abolitionists in the county, and out of it, who can, to give their attendance. J.V. MARSHALL, Rec. Sec. J.V. MARSHALL, Rec. Sec. Rec. Sec. 

 A Quarterly Meeting of the Essex County Women's Anti-Slavery Conference will be held at the house of Benjamin Jackman in Georgetown on Thursday, the 21st of October, at 10 o'clock, A.M. A general invitation is extended, and a large meeting desired. A Quarterly Meeting of the Essex County Women's Anti-Slavery Conference will be held at the house of Benjamin Jackman in Georgetown on Thursday, the 21st of October, at 10 o'clock, A.M. A general invitation is extended, and a large meeting desired. REBECKAH H. FOSTER, Sec. REBECKAH H. FOSTER, Sec. Sec. Andover, Sept 28, 1841. Andover, Sept 28, 1841. 

 The Pawtucket Juvenile Emancipation Society will hold its Sixth Annual Sale on Wednesday, Oct. 20th, at the Free Hall. The Pawtucket Juvenile Emancipation Society will hold its Sixth Annual Sale on Wednesday, Oct. 20th, at the Free Hall. Friends in the country favorable to the cause are earnestly solicited to contribute. Friends in the country favorable to the cause are earnestly solicited to contribute. Donations however small will be gratefully received. Donations however small will be gratefully received. I.J. ADAMS, President. I.J. ADAMS, President. President. Pawtucket, Sept. 24, 1841. Pawtucket, Sept. 24, 1841. 

 A BOY of steady and industrious habits is in want of a situation. One in a printing-office would be preferred. Enquire of Wm. C. Nell, 25, Cornhill. A BOY of steady and industrious habits is in want of a situation. One in a printing-office would be preferred. Enquire of Wm. C. Nell, 25, Cornhill. 

 Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud?Like a fast flitting meteor, a fast flying cloud,A flash of the lightning, a break of the wave,He passes from life to his rest in the grave. Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud?Like a fast flitting meteor, a fast flying cloud,A flash of the lightning, a break of the wave,He passes from life to his rest in the grave.    The leaves of the oak and the willow shall fade,Be scattered around and together be laid;And the young and the old, and the low and the high,Shall moulder to dust, and together shall lie. The leaves of the oak and the willow shall fade,Be scattered around and together be laid;And the young and the old, and the low and the high,Shall moulder to dust, and together shall lie.    The child, that a mother attended and loved;The mother, that infant's affection that proved;The husband, that mother and infant that bless'd,Each— all are away to their dwelling of rest. The child, that a mother attended and loved;The mother, that infant's affection that proved;The husband, that mother and infant that bless'd,Each— all are away to their dwelling of rest.    The maid on whose cheek, on whose brow, in whose eyeShone beauty and pleasure— her triumphs are by;And the memory of those that loved her and praised,Are alike from the minds of the living erased. The maid on whose cheek, on whose brow, in whose eyeShone beauty and pleasure— her triumphs are by;And the memory of those that loved her and praised,Are alike from the minds of the living erased.    The hand of the king that the sceptre hath borne,The brow of the priest that the mitre hath worn,The eye of the sage, and the heart of the brave,Are hidden and lost in the depths of the grave. The hand of the king that the sceptre hath borne,The brow of the priest that the mitre hath worn,The eye of the sage, and the heart of the brave,Are hidden and lost in the depths of the grave.    The peasant, whose lot was to sow and to reap;The herdsman, who climbed with his goats to the steep;The beggar, that wandered in search of his bread,Have faded away— like the grass that we tread. The peasant, whose lot was to sow and to reap;The herdsman, who climbed with his goats to the steep;The beggar, that wandered in search of his bread,Have faded away— like the grass that we tread.    The saint, that enjoyed the communion of heaven;The sinner, that dared to remain unforgiven;The wise and the foolish, the guilty and just,Have quietly mingled their bones in the dust. The saint, that enjoyed the communion of heaven;The sinner, that dared to remain unforgiven;The wise and the foolish, the guilty and just,Have quietly mingled their bones in the dust.    So the multitude goes— like the flower and the weedThat wither away, to let others succeed;So the multitude comes— even those we behold,To repeat every tale that hath often been told. So the multitude goes— like the flower and the weedThat wither away, to let others succeed;So the multitude comes— even those we behold,To repeat every tale that hath often been told.    For we are the same things our fathers have been,We see the same sights that our fathers have seen,We drink the same streams, and we feel the same sun,And we run the same course that our fathers have run. For we are the same things our fathers have been,We see the same sights that our fathers have seen,We drink the same streams, and we feel the same sun,And we run the same course that our fathers have run.    The thoughts we are thinking, our fathers would think;The death we are shrinking from, they too would shrink;The life we are clinging to, they too would cling;But it speeds from the earth like a bird on the wing. The thoughts we are thinking, our fathers would think;The death we are shrinking from, they too would shrink;The life we are clinging to, they too would cling;But it speeds from the earth like a bird on the wing.    They loved— but their story we cannot unfold;They scorned— but the heart of the haughty is cold;They grieved— but no wail from their slumbers may come;They joyed— but the voice of their gladness is dumb. They loved— but their story we cannot unfold;They scorned— but the heart of the haughty is cold;They grieved— but no wail from their slumbers may come;They joyed— but the voice of their gladness is dumb.    They died— ay! they died; and we things that are now,Who walk on the turf that lies over their brow;Who make in their dwellings a transient abode,Meet the changes they met in their pilgrimage road. They died— ay! they died; and we things that are now,Who walk on the turf that lies over their brow;Who make in their dwellings a transient abode,Meet the changes they met in their pilgrimage road.    Yea, hope and despondence, and pleasure and pain,Are mingled together like sunshine and rain;And the smile and the tear, and the song and the dirge,Still follow each other like surge upon surge. Yea, hope and despondence, and pleasure and pain,Are mingled together like sunshine and rain;And the smile and the tear, and the song and the dirge,Still follow each other like surge upon surge.    'Tis the twink of an eye— 'tis the draught of a breath,From the blossom of health to the paleness of death—From the gilded saloon to the bier and the shroud—Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud? 'Tis the twink of an eye— 'tis the draught of a breath,From the blossom of health to the paleness of death—From the gilded saloon to the bier and the shroud—Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud?    

 Day unto day utters speech—Be wise, oh ye nations, and hearWhat yesterday telleth to-day,What to-day to the morrow will preach.A change cometh over our sphere,And the old goeth down to decay;A new light hath dawned on the darkness of yore,And men shall be slaves and oppressors no more. Day unto day utters speech—Be wise, oh ye nations, and hearWhat yesterday telleth to-day,What to-day to the morrow will preach.A change cometh over our sphere,And the old goeth down to decay;A new light hath dawned on the darkness of yore,And men shall be slaves and oppressors no more.        Ha[ ]k to the throbbing of thought,In the breast of the wakening world!Over land, over sea, it hath come:The serf that was yesterday bought,To-day his defiance hath hurl'd,No more in his slavery dumb;And to-morrow will break from the fetters that bind,And lift a bold arm for the rights of mankind. Ha[ ]k to the throbbing of thought,In the breast of the wakening world!Over land, over sea, it hath come:The serf that was yesterday bought,To-day his defiance hath hurl'd,No more in his slavery dumb;And to-morrow will break from the fetters that bind,And lift a bold arm for the rights of mankind.        Hark to the voice of the time!The multitude think for themselves,And weigh their condition, each one;The drudge hath a spirit sublime,And whether he hammers or delves,He reads when his labor is done;And learns, though he groan under penury's ban,That freedom to think is the birthright of man. Hark to the voice of the time!The multitude think for themselves,And weigh their condition, each one;The drudge hath a spirit sublime,And whether he hammers or delves,He reads when his labor is done;And learns, though he groan under penury's ban,That freedom to think is the birthright of man.        But yesterday, thought was confined;To breathe it was peril or death,And it sank in the breast where it rose;Now, free as the midsummer wind,It sports its adventurous breath,And round the wide universe goes;The mist and the cloud from its pathway are curl'd,And glimpses of sunshine illumine the world. But yesterday, thought was confined;To breathe it was peril or death,And it sank in the breast where it rose;Now, free as the midsummer wind,It sports its adventurous breath,And round the wide universe goes;The mist and the cloud from its pathway are curl'd,And glimpses of sunshine illumine the world.        The voice of opinion has spoken;'Twas yesterday changeful and weak,Like the voice of a boy ere his prime:To-day it has taken the toneOf an orator worthy to speak,Who knows the demands of the time;And to-morrow 'twill sound in Oppression's cold earLike the trump of the seraph to startle our sphere. The voice of opinion has spoken;'Twas yesterday changeful and weak,Like the voice of a boy ere his prime:To-day it has taken the toneOf an orator worthy to speak,Who knows the demands of the time;And to-morrow 'twill sound in Oppression's cold earLike the trump of the seraph to startle our sphere.        Be wise, oh ye rulers of earth,And shut not your ears to the voice,Nor allow it to warn you in vain;True freedom of yesterday's birth,Will march on its way and rejoice,And never be conquer'd again.The day has a tongue— ay, the hours utter speech—Wise, wise will ye be, if ye learn what they teach. Be wise, oh ye rulers of earth,And shut not your ears to the voice,Nor allow it to warn you in vain;True freedom of yesterday's birth,Will march on its way and rejoice,And never be conquer'd again.The day has a tongue— ay, the hours utter speech—Wise, wise will ye be, if ye learn what they teach.        

 The first kiss' of love, when the favor is won,Fills the heart with pure bliss, if 'tis modestly done;For 'tis like the brief glance from the sun's clouded eye,Which just touches the earth, and flies back to the sky. The first kiss' of love, when the favor is won,Fills the heart with pure bliss, if 'tis modestly done;For 'tis like the brief glance from the sun's clouded eye,Which just touches the earth, and flies back to the sky.    Ah! the bliss of that moment; 'twill ever remain,While my heart in its depths can feel pleasure or pain;For that kiss to my heart was like rain to the flower,Just ready to die, till refreshed by a shower. Ah! the bliss of that moment; 'twill ever remain,While my heart in its depths can feel pleasure or pain;For that kiss to my heart was like rain to the flower,Just ready to die, till refreshed by a shower.    The soft touch of her hand, the bright glance of her eye,The whisper'd word spoken, the half suppress'd sigh,May be proofs of true love; but the kiss is the token,And pledge of a faith which may never be broken. The soft touch of her hand, the bright glance of her eye,The whisper'd word spoken, the half suppress'd sigh,May be proofs of true love; but the   kiss kiss is the token,And pledge of a faith which may  never never be broken. How fondly does memory dwell on it yet!The scene and the hour, who can ever forget,When reclined on your bosom, sustained in your arms,You breathed out the heart long subdued by her charms? How fondly does memory dwell on it yet!The scene and the hour, who can ever forget,When reclined on your bosom, sustained in your arms,You breathed out the heart long subdued by her charms?    Her kiss was the answer; so slight yet so sweet,'Twas enough; and that moment your bliss was complete;From the lips to each heart went a holier thrill,Delighting and binding those hearts closer still. Her kiss kiss was the answer; so slight yet so sweet,'Twas enough; and that moment your bliss was complete;From the lips to each heart went a holier thrill,Delighting and binding those hearts closer still.    The first kiss of love, when no mortal was near,Was a sign that dispersed the last vestige of fear;She is mine, she is mine; mine now and forever;By those holiest ties that death only can sever. The first kiss of love, when no mortal was near,Was a  sign sign that dispersed the last vestige of fear;She is mine, she is mine; mine now and forever;By those holiest ties that death only can sever.   

 When I reflect upon the miseries and complicated villanies which result from American slavery, they appear so enormous as to excite surprise that the dismal shade it spreads over the future prospects of this once happy land should not appear to the most thoughtless observer, as plain as the sun in the firmament. It certainly betrays a highly vitiated state of mind, in any individual, to be totally indifferent to a subject that so nearly concerns not only the slaves, who are the immediate sufferers by the atrocious system, but the welfare of the whole community, by its tendency to destroy the foundation of our liberty, our virtue, and independence. For myself, I acknowledge that a kind of shudder thrills my very frame, when I contemplate the incessant screams, the cries, and deep, heart-rending groans of my brethren in bonds— which are perpetually rising to Heaven as a mighty cloud, bearing upon its fearful bosom the tears, the prayers, and the imprecations of one-sixth part of our population, for the unspeakable cruelties and severity of their oppressions. When I reflect upon the miseries and complicated villanies which result from American slavery, they appear so enormous as to excite surprise that the dismal shade it spreads over the future prospects of this once happy land should not appear to the most thoughtless observer, as plain as the sun in the firmament. It certainly betrays a highly vitiated state of mind, in any individual, to be totally indifferent to a subject that so nearly concerns not only the slaves, who are the immediate sufferers by the atrocious system, but the welfare of the whole community, by its tendency to destroy the foundation of our liberty, our virtue, and independence. For myself, I acknowledge that a kind of shudder thrills my very frame, when I contemplate the incessant screams, the cries, and deep, heart-rending groans of my brethren in bonds— which are perpetually rising to Heaven as a mighty cloud, bearing upon its fearful bosom the tears, the prayers, and the imprecations of one-sixth part of our population, for the unspeakable cruelties and severity of their oppressions. When I also consider the bodily sufferings of the slaves, and the still greater wickedness of depriving them (as far as it is in the power of their masters) of the lights of the gospel,— in short, of the accumulation of all and every evil to which humanity is incident upon the oppressed— and which, if the scriptures are true, must revert with tenfold fury upon the unrepenting oppressors— I am amazed at the apathy which pervades so large a portion of the Union, in relation to this momentous subject. And as in a general way, both priest and people are alike involved in the guilt of slaveholding, or of excusing that sin which is bringing the judgments of a long-suffering but just Judge upon our beloved country, I am not surprised at the zeal with which the evils foreseen by our anti-slavery brethren are portrayed, nor at the violence of their outcries against all who vindicate or attempt to palliate the wickedness of slaveholding. When I also consider the bodily sufferings of the slaves, and the still greater wickedness of depriving them (as far as it is in the power of their masters) of the lights of the gospel,— in short, of the accumulation of all and every evil to which humanity is incident upon the oppressed— and which, if the scriptures are true, must revert with tenfold fury upon the unrepenting oppressors— I am amazed at the apathy which pervades so large a portion of the Union, in relation to this momentous subject. And as in a general way, both priest and people are alike involved in the guilt of slaveholding, or of excusing that sin which is bringing the judgments of a long-suffering but just Judge upon our beloved country, I am not surprised at the zeal with which the evils foreseen by our anti-slavery brethren are portrayed, nor at the violence of their outcries against all who vindicate or attempt to palliate the wickedness of slaveholding. Although, as has been just stated, there is no cause of wonder at the severity of the rebukes which are dealt out to upholders of this unrighteous system, yet I regret to acknowledge that injudicious language is occasionally used by some of our best men, from which those unacquainted with the purity of their intentions may form very erroneous impressions, and our enemies, who are watching over us continually for evil, obtain fair opportunity of misrepresenting us, and of perverting our meaning, by attaching to the language used a construction foreign from its original and legitimate intention. Although, as has been just stated, there is no cause of wonder at the severity of the rebukes which are dealt out to upholders of this unrighteous system, yet I regret to acknowledge that injudicious language is occasionally used by some of our best men, from which those unacquainted with the purity of their intentions may form very erroneous impressions, and our enemies, who are watching over us continually for evil, obtain fair opportunity of misrepresenting us, and of perverting our meaning, by attaching to the language used a construction foreign from its original and legitimate intention. These remarks have been elicited by the perusal of a letter from our beloved friend H.C. Wright, published in the Liberator of the 27th ult. giving an account of the quarterly meeting of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, the proceedings of which appear to have been very interesting. But some of the resolutions, as described by him, although plain enough to those who knew him, and the goodness of the principles by which he and his friends were actuated, has given uneasiness to some worthy friends. One of these resolutions, with brief extracts from H.C. W's letter, has appeared in one of our daily papers, without comment, but obviously intended to convey erroneous impressions in relation to the principles by which, as 'abolitionists,' we have always professed to be governed. Thus advantage has been taken of the facility afforded to our enemies, and evil imputed to us, the justice of which we disclaim These remarks have been elicited by the perusal of a letter from our beloved friend H.C. Wright, published in the Liberator of the 27th ult. giving an account of the quarterly meeting of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, the proceedings of which appear to have been very interesting. But some of the resolutions, as described by him, although plain enough to those who knew him, and the goodness of the principles by which he and his friends were actuated, has given uneasiness to some worthy friends. One of these resolutions, with brief extracts from H.C. W's letter, has appeared in one of our daily papers, without comment, but obviously intended to convey erroneous impressions in relation to the principles by which, as 'abolitionists,' we have always professed to be governed. Thus advantage has been taken of the facility afforded to our enemies, and evil imputed to us, the justice of which we disclaim I will now proceed briefly to review some of the resolutions and observations alluded to. And, first, I object to the unqualified adoption of the resolution which says, 'That it is a libel on christianity, and giving the most efficient support to slavery, to suppose that a slaveholder can be a christian.' This position I should not have controverted, because holding, as I do, the universality of that salvation which was brought to light by the gospel, I have no disposition to limit the mercies of God. But although I can deny the slaveholder to be a christian, in the true sense of the word, as I understand it, yet I can freely admit the possibility of salvation even to heathen people, to slaveholders, and to warriors; although my finite comprehension fails to understand how those who, in the constant violation of all the precepts of Christ, can without repentance, and amendment of life, be received into his kingdom, and into the divine presence of the Father of the fatherless, and God of the oppressed. But there I leave it. And knowing that H.C.W., W.L.G. and their brethren, have equally liberal views with myself as to the virtue and extent of christian charity, I regret that an amendment was not made to the resolution, which would have qualified it, so as to convey those ideas. I will now proceed briefly to review some of the resolutions and observations alluded to. And, first, I object to the unqualified adoption of the resolution which says, 'That it is a libel on christianity, and giving the most efficient support to slavery, to suppose that a slaveholder can be a christian.' This position I should not have controverted, because holding, as I do, the universality of that salvation which was brought to light by the gospel, I have no disposition to limit the mercies of God. But although I can deny the slaveholder to be a christian, in the true sense of the word, as I understand it, yet I can freely admit the possibility of salvation even to heathen people, to slaveholders, and to warriors; although my finite comprehension fails to understand how those who, in the constant violation of all the precepts of Christ, can without repentance, and amendment of life, be received into his kingdom, and into the divine presence of the Father of the fatherless, and God of the oppressed. But there I leave it. And knowing that H.C.W., W.L.G. and their brethren, have equally liberal views with myself as to the virtue and extent of christian charity, I regret that an amendment was not made to the resolution, which would have qualified it, so as to convey those ideas. The reason why I feel so anxious that the liberality of our sentiments should have been expressed in connection with the other parts of the resolution, is, because it is a well known fact, that many who are accounted very religious people, fully believe that none but christians can be saved. Those who hold this doctrine, on reading the resolution as it stands, would naturally suppose it was intended to imply, that no slaveholder could possibly escape eternal punishment. The reason why I feel so anxious that the liberality of our sentiments should have been expressed in connection with the other parts of the resolution, is, because it is a well known fact, that many who are accounted very religious people, fully believe that none but christians can be saved. Those who hold this doctrine, on reading the resolution as it stands, would naturally suppose it was intended to imply, that no slaveholder could possibly escape eternal punishment. Secondly. Knowing that my friend H.C.W. and others whom I love and esteem very highly, and who were prominent in the meeting alluded to, are leading characters in the 'Non-Resistance Society,' I object to their specifying any particular case wherein they would refuse to bear arms: as they deny the possibility of any circumstance occurring that could induce them to commit such a crime against their Maker. It was therefore entirely gratuitous to resolve, 'that they would not aid in suppressing servile insurrection;' equally inconsistent is it for them to say, 'that every effort to put down by arms, an insurrection of slaves, is treason against God.' Such language is so easily construed to imply more than was intended, that others, equally friendly to the cause as myself, consider it well calculated to produce wrong impressions as to the intentions of the leaders of the Anti-Slavery Society. We have always professed that our communications are not directed to the slaves— all our efforts, on their behalf, being addressed solely to the master, in order to convince them, by moral suasion, of the impolicy as well as deep iniquity of holding their colored brethren as chattels personal. But here an assurance is given, both to the slave and the slaveholder, of what we will never do for the one, or against the other, in such manner as to give our adversaries fit opportunity of reproaching us with using language in contradiction to our amicable professions as abolitionists, and against the principle of non-resistance— apparently encouraging the slave to rebellion, by assuring them 'that we will never draw the sword against them, in case they should appeal to arms to gain their freedom.' Such are the doctrines deducible from the resolution and letter— and against which I protest, as incompatible with, and contrary to the principles and practice of the Anti-Slavery Society. Secondly. Knowing that my friend H.C.W. and others whom I love and esteem very highly, and who were prominent in the meeting alluded to, are leading characters in the 'Non-Resistance Society,' I object to their specifying any particular case case wherein they would refuse to bear arms: as they deny the possibility of any circumstance occurring that could induce them to commit such a crime against their Maker. It was therefore entirely gratuitous to resolve, 'that they would not aid in suppressing servile servile insurrection;' equally inconsistent is it for them to say, 'that every effort to put down by arms, an insurrection of slaves, slaves, is treason against God.' Such language is so easily construed to imply more than was intended, that others, equally friendly to the cause as myself, consider it well calculated to produce wrong impressions as to the intentions of the leaders of the Anti-Slavery Society. We have always professed that our communications are not directed to the slaves— all our efforts, on their behalf, being addressed solely to the master, in order to convince them, by moral suasion, moral suasion, of the impolicy as well as deep iniquity of holding their colored brethren as chattels personal. But here an assurance is given, both to the slave and the slaveholder, of what we will never do for the one, or against the other, in such manner as to give our adversaries fit opportunity of reproaching us with using language in contradiction to our amicable professions as abolitionists, and against the principle of non-resistance— apparently encouraging the slave to rebellion, by assuring them 'that we will never draw the sword against them, in case they should appeal to arms to gain their freedom.' Such are the doctrines deducible from the resolution and letter— and against which I protest, as incompatible with, and contrary to the principles and practice of the Anti-Slavery Society. It may, perhaps, be alleged, that the matter complained of is mere logical argument— that is, if this is true, then that is right: yet statements may be made, and conclusions drawn, which appear very plain to an unsophisticated mind; but such are not the people we have to deal with; hence the necessity of care on every hand, lest we appear to advocate a general principle in one case, which we would hesitate to admit on other occasions, wherein it might apply with equal propriety. Thus, the principles of 'the non-resistants' apply to war, under all circumstances, whether it be against a personal enemy, a foreign or internal foe— whether it be in support of the slaveholder to his wretched victims, or in vindication of the slave to his rights, his inalienable rights, of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In each, the spirit of war is the same, and equally subject to the condemnation which, in obedience to Him, whom, as Christians, we desire to serve, 'non-resistants' have passed upon it, in all its bearings. It may, perhaps, be alleged, that the matter complained of is mere logical argument— that is, if this this is true, then that that is right: yet statements may be made, and conclusions drawn, which appear very plain to an unsophisticated mind; but such are not the people we have to deal with; hence the necessity of care on every hand, lest we appear to advocate a general principle in one case, which we would hesitate to admit on other occasions, wherein it might apply with equal propriety. Thus, the principles of 'the non-resistants' apply to war, under all circumstances, whether it be against a personal enemy, a foreign or internal foe— whether it be in support of the slaveholder to his wretched victims, or in vindication of the slave to his rights, his inalienable rights, of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In each, the spirit of war spirit of war is the same, and equally subject to the condemnation which, in obedience to Him, whom, as Christians, we desire to serve, 'non-resistants' have passed upon it, in all its bearings. In conclusion, I will briefly remark, that the most ardent wishes of my heart are for my friends as for myself, that, in all our communications, we may carefully endeavor to hold up the standard of Truth, with hands 'washed in innocence,' and with purity of intention, in so lofty and perspicuous a manner, as to preclude the possibility of spots or blemishes being cast upon it. Nothing can soil it, while it floats on high, in its own original purity and excellence. But when the standard-bearer, in attempting to carry it beyond its proper range, exposes it to unnecessary dangers, it is exceedingly liable to flag; and whenever that is the case, our enemies are ever ready to take the advantage, and, like the mobocrats with their missiles, to cast filth and scum of their own preparing in the form of insinuations, and imputations of evil, which may do more injury than a fair and manly attack upon our principles ever could accomplish. In conclusion, I will briefly remark, that the most ardent wishes of my heart are for my friends as for myself, that, in all our communications, we may carefully endeavor to hold up the standard of Truth, standard of Truth, with hands 'washed in innocence,' and with purity of intention, in so lofty and perspicuous a manner, as to preclude the possibility of spots or blemishes being cast upon it. Nothing can soil it, while it floats on high, in its own original purity and excellence. But when the standard-bearer, in attempting to carry it beyond its proper range, exposes it to unnecessary dangers, it is exceedingly liable to flag; and whenever that is the case, our enemies are ever ready to take the advantage, and, like the mobocrats with their missiles, to cast filth and scum of their own preparing in the form of insinuations, and imputations of evil, which may do more injury than a fair and manly attack upon our principles ever could accomplish. E.N. E.N. Philadelphia, 9th mo. 18, 1841. Philadelphia, 9th mo. 18, 1841. 

 This is not merely a quarrel between a clergyman and a portion of his congregation. It is not merely a misunderstanding between him and a few distillers and grog-dealers, about the moral character and public influence of their trade. It covers a wider field; it assumes a more imposing and important shape; it involves higher interests than one man's right to preach, and another man's right to distii. It is a contest between virtue and vice; between human rights and human wrongs; between those engaged in the holy cause of humanity, and those engaged in trampling upon humanity for their especial benefit; between those who would make men wiser and better, more suited to the great design of their creation, and those who would sink them lower, for the purpose of rendering them more pliant instruments of individual selfishness. The contest between Luther and the Pope was not a petty quarrel between two priests, about the sale of a few ecclesiastical pardons for a few pence. It was a contest between the good and the bad, the oppressed and the oppressor, for the liberation of the human mind from a debasing, withering subjection, and its elevation to its proper position and destinies. The contest between Mr. Pierpont and the rum-makers and rum-sellers of his congregation, is like the contest between Luther and the Pope; a contest involving the great cause of human improvement. This is not merely a quarrel between a clergyman and a portion of his congregation. It is not merely a misunderstanding between him and a few distillers and grog-dealers, about the moral character and public influence of their trade. It covers a wider field; it assumes a more imposing and important shape; it involves higher interests than one man's right to preach, and another man's right to distii. It is a contest between virtue and vice; between human rights and human wrongs; between those engaged in the holy cause of humanity, and those engaged in trampling upon humanity for their especial benefit; between those who would make men wiser and better, more suited to the great design of their creation, and those who would sink them lower, for the purpose of rendering them more pliant instruments of individual selfishness. The contest between Luther and the Pope was not a petty quarrel between two priests, about the sale of a few ecclesiastical pardons for a few pence. It was a contest between the good and the bad, the oppressed and the oppressor, for the liberation of the human mind from a debasing, withering subjection, and its elevation to its proper position and destinies. The contest between Mr. Pierpont and the rum-makers and rum-sellers of his congregation, is like the contest between Luther and the Pope; a contest involving the great cause of human improvement. We are glad to see this war renewed. We detest wars of all kinds, believing that God made man to be governed by reason, and not force. But since the opponents of Mr. Pierpont, both in and out of his congregation, are incorrigible; since they are utterly deaf to all the suggestions of humanity; since they will prosecute their work of mischief, without being softened or terrified by the appalling misery which they produce; and since they have resolved to trample down all opposition by force, and close the mouth of discussion, and close every avenue to investigation upon the character and consequences, the right and expediency of their trade in vice, crime and misery, in human degradation and human suffering, the sooner the war of extermination is declared, the sooner will come the triumph of the good cause, and the sooner the dominion of evil will be checked. Since it must be a war of extermination, since no truce can be lasting, no treaty with the miseries of mankind will be observed by them, and since defeat is their inevitable fate, the blow cannot be struck too soon. Besides, every day of a peace that must necessarily be temporary, will only give the dealers in mischief opportunities for destroying more bodies, corrupting more souls, and inflicting more misery upon wives and children. We are glad to see this war renewed. We detest wars of all kinds, believing that God made man to be governed by reason, and not force. But since the opponents of Mr. Pierpont, both in and out of his congregation, are incorrigible; since they are utterly deaf to all the suggestions of humanity; since they will prosecute their work of mischief, without being softened or terrified by the appalling misery which they produce; and since they have resolved to trample down all opposition by force, and close the mouth of discussion, and close every avenue to investigation upon the character and consequences, the right and expediency of their trade in vice, crime and misery, in human degradation and human suffering, the sooner the war of extermination is declared, the sooner will come the triumph of the good cause, and the sooner the dominion of evil will be checked. Since it must be a war of extermination, since no truce can be lasting, no treaty with the miseries of mankind will be observed by them, and since defeat is their inevitable fate, the blow cannot be struck too soon. Besides, every day of a peace that must necessarily be temporary, will only give the dealers in mischief opportunities for destroying more bodies, corrupting more souls, and inflicting more misery upon wives and children. Every man, woman and child in the Union is interested in this contest and every one in Boston is so especially. The question to them is, whether an honest, independent, high-minded preacher, devoted to right and duty, shall be restrained from denouncing vice, by those who thrive upon it. Will they permit such a man to be silenced in a good cause, by those engaged solely in a bad one? As lovers of virtue, we ask them to sustain Mr. Pierpont; for if he be prostrated, every one who exhibits any independence in the pulpit in support of right, must yield to the demands of those who fatten upon wrong. As lovers of liberty, we ask them to sustain Mr. Pierpont; for if they permit the right of opinion to be invaded in the pulpit by dealers in vice, they will give permission to the same invasion in their legislative and judicial halls; and thus they will have no other laws, and no other decisions, than those dictated by dealers in rum-houses, gaming-houses, and other dens of iniquity. As tax-payers, we ask them to sustain Mr. Pierpont; for if the community is to be governed by dealers in rum, the expenses of all others, to support the misery, and punish the crime which rum produces, will be enormous. Is any wife, any child cursed with an intemperate father, to make their dwelling a hell of want, disease, and unkindness? Let them implore every man of their acquaintance to sustain Mr. Pierpont. Is any father cursed with an intemperate son, bringing him down to the grave in mortification and sorrow? Let him contend to his last breath for Mr. Pierpont. Every man, woman and child in the Union is interested in this contest and every one in Boston is so especially. The question to them is, whether an honest, independent, high-minded preacher, devoted to right and duty, shall be restrained from denouncing vice, by those who thrive upon it. Will they permit such a man to be silenced in a good cause, by those engaged solely in a bad one? As lovers of virtue, we ask them to sustain Mr. Pierpont; for if he be prostrated, every one who exhibits any independence in the pulpit in support of right, must yield to the demands of those who fatten upon wrong. As lovers of liberty, we ask them to sustain Mr. Pierpont; for if they permit the right of opinion to be invaded in the pulpit by dealers in vice, they will give permission to the same invasion in their legislative and judicial halls; and thus they will have no other laws, and no other decisions, than those dictated by dealers in rum-houses, gaming-houses, and other dens of iniquity. As tax-payers, we ask them to sustain Mr. Pierpont; for if the community is to be governed by dealers in rum, the expenses of all others, to support the misery, and punish the crime which rum produces, will be enormous. Is any wife, any child cursed with an intemperate father, to make their dwelling a hell of want, disease, and unkindness? Let them implore every man man of their acquaintance to sustain Mr. Pierpont. Is any father cursed with an intemperate son, bringing him down to the grave in mortification and sorrow? Let him contend to his last breath for Mr. Pierpont. If the congregation of Mr. Pierpont is to be dissolved, let all of it who would sustain virtue against vice, withdraw, and build him a new church. Let the rum-sellers be left alone in their glory, and let every man, woman and child avoid their church, as they would the gates of hell. Let it be abandoned to the rum-sellers, and become a by-word and a reproach among all Christians, like the Temple of Juggernaut. The rum-dealers are priests of Juggernaut, and ought to have a temple to themselves. If the congregation of Mr. Pierpont is to be dissolved, let all of it who would sustain virtue against vice, withdraw, and build him a new church. Let the rum-sellers be left alone in their glory, and let every man, woman and child avoid their church, as they would the gates of hell. Let it be abandoned to the rum-sellers, and become a by-word and a reproach among all Christians, like the Temple of Juggernaut. The rum-dealers are priests of Juggernaut, and ought to have a temple to themselves. 

 It is said that the friends of Mr. Pierpont are satisfied with this decision. We are not. It is not for us to say that the council intended in this way to throw a sop to Cerberus. But, in our opinion, they did great injustice to a brother, whose name, for some things, will be held in honor, when most of them are forgotten. They had an opportunity to exhibit themselves honorably before the country, by branding in terms of the severest reprobation, the conduct of the base and selfish men, who combined to destroy Mr. Pierpont. But instead of this, they turn the fire upon him. They hold him up as a violator of the rules of christian courtesy in his correspondence with his calumniators. That correspondence has been read and admired all over the country. It treated them, it is true, much after the manner of Elijah, in his address to the prophets of Baal. But circumstances justified him as they did that ancient prophet. The council ought, therefore, to have commended Mr. Pierpont for the noble defence which he has made of the rights of the pulpit, and in support of the great moral reformations now in progress in these United States; and not have neutralized the effect of such a testimony by censuring him for too great discourtesy to sin, or for want of ministerial prudence! They ought to know, as they do know, but did not properly consider, that not one of them would have escaped similar charges, equally well sustained, if they had ventured as he did on a bold advocacy of temperance and human rights. What clergyman could pass the ordeal of an examination into all his public conduct for the space of twenty years— an examination stimulated by party hate— and not be soiled with the suspicions of indiscretion? especially if he were, like Mr. Pierpont, a frank, whole soul lover of his kind, and a bold reprover of vice and injustice? It is said that the friends of Mr. Pierpont are satisfied with this decision. We are not. It is not for us to say that the council intended in this way to throw a sop to Cerberus. But, in our opinion, they did great injustice to a brother, whose name, for some things, will be held in honor, when most of them are forgotten. They had an opportunity to exhibit themselves honorably before the country, by branding in terms of the severest reprobation, the conduct of the base and selfish men, who combined to destroy Mr. Pierpont. But instead of this, they turn the fire upon him. They hold him up as a violator of the rules of christian courtesy in his correspondence with his calumniators. That correspondence has been read and admired all over the country. It treated them, it is true, much after the manner of Elijah, in his address to the prophets of Baal. But circumstances justified him as they did that ancient prophet. The council ought, therefore, to have commended Mr. Pierpont for the noble defence which he has made of the rights of the pulpit, and in support of the great moral reformations now in progress in these United States; and not have neutralized the effect of such a testimony by censuring him for too great discourtesy to sin, or for want of ministerial prudence! They ought to know, as they do know, but did not properly consider, that not one of them would have escaped similar charges, equally well sustained, if they had ventured as he did on a bold advocacy of temperance and human rights. What clergyman could pass the ordeal of an examination into all his public conduct for the space of twenty years— an examination stimulated by party hate— and not be soiled with the suspicions of indiscretion? especially if he were, like Mr. Pierpont, a frank, whole soul lover of his kind, and a bold reprover of vice and injustice? But we would not be understood to rest the defence of Mr. Pierpont on this general ground of human infirmity. He deserves praise instead of censure for the very conduct which has been selected by his Rev. brethren for reprehension. He dealt with his unprincipled accusers in the only way in which other haters of ministerial fidelity could be effectually warned against similar assaults upon the pulpit. It is a pity that men occupying the pulpit should have degraded their office by offering a persecuted brother as a propitiatory sacrifice to his enemies.— Hartford Observer. But we would not be understood to rest the defence of Mr. Pierpont on this general ground of human infirmity. He deserves praise instead of censure for the very conduct which has been selected by his Rev. brethren for reprehension. He dealt with his unprincipled accusers in the only way in which other haters of ministerial fidelity could be effectually warned against similar assaults upon the pulpit. It is a pity that men occupying the pulpit should have degraded their office by offering a persecuted brother as a propitiatory sacrifice to his enemies.— Hartford Observer Hartford Observer . 

 A PRACTICAL MISTAKE. The late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Ewing, has been in the city for some days past, a lodger at the Astor House, where he has received the calls of many friends. Among the rest on one day last week, were two committees, who waited together on the ex-Secretary. He rose on their entrance, and the chairmen in succession addressed him in a manner befitting the occasion. When they had finished, Mr. Ewing, instead of making a formal reply, said concisely, 'That will do, clear,' and waving his hand appropriately, the committees retired, discussing whether their reception had been such as they had reason to expect. They had not proceeded far in the hall before they met an acquaintance walking with a gentleman whom he introduced to the committees as the Hon. Mr. Ewing. This put a new face on affairs. On returning to the room, it turned out that the gentleman who had received the honors of the committees was not exactly in his right mind, and had happened during Mr. Ewing's absence to step in and occupy his chair.— Journal of Commerce. A PRACTICAL MISTAKE. The late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Ewing, has been in the city for some days past, a lodger at the Astor House, where he has received the calls of many friends. Among the rest on one day last week, were two committees, who waited together on the ex-Secretary. He rose on their entrance, and the chairmen in succession addressed him in a manner befitting the occasion. When they had finished, Mr. Ewing, instead of making a formal reply, said concisely, 'That will do, clear,' and waving his hand appropriately, the committees retired, discussing whether their reception had been such as they had reason to expect. They had not proceeded far in the hall before they met an acquaintance walking with a gentleman whom he introduced to the committees as the Hon. Mr. Ewing. This put a new face on affairs. On returning to the room, it turned out that the gentleman who had received the honors of the committees was not exactly in his right mind, and had happened during Mr. Ewing's absence to step in and occupy his chair.— Journal of Commerce Journal of Commerce . 

 We have received a copy of the Cincinnati Philanthropist, (Abolition paper) printed after the destruction of its press for the third time by a mob. The Editor says he has been advised to suspend the publication of his paper for the present, but that he cannot do so, as it would be a sacrifice of the right of free discussion. 'So long as the friends of liberty shall aid, by the help of our Father in heaven, we abide at our post. All we ask is, the means. Our Society is in debt. Our printer is a poor man, and has lost all but his type. Perhaps $800 will cover his loss, and $100 ours.' We hope this loss will be made up to them; and that others besides Abolitionists will contribute for this purpose. It is a mean and dastardly business to make war upon printing materials; and mob violence, in any shape, ought to be frowned upon by every friend of order and law.— Journal of Commerce. We have received a copy of the Cincinnati Philanthropist, (Abolition paper) printed after the destruction of its press for the third time by a mob. The Editor says he has been advised to suspend the publication of his paper for the present, but that he cannot do so, as it would be a sacrifice of the right of free discussion. 'So long as the friends of liberty shall aid, by the help of our Father in heaven, we abide at our post. All we ask is, the means. Our Society is in debt. Our printer is a poor man, and has lost all but his type. Perhaps $800 will cover his loss, and $100 ours.' We hope this loss will be made up to them; and that others besides Abolitionists will contribute for this purpose. It is a mean and dastardly business to make war upon printing materials; and mob violence, in any shape, ought to be frowned upon by every friend of order and law.— Journal of Commerce. Journal of Commerce. 

 This able and eloquent document will be found on our fourth page. It raises its author higher in our estimation than any of his speeches that we have ever before seen reported. It shows him to be the eloquent advocate of liberty and justice, not only when sustained by the acclamations of the crowd and the plaudits of his admirers, but equally faithful when deserted by his former friends, and when called to face the bitter prejudices of those whose voices were once loudest in his praise. George Thompson shows a deal of moral courage in adhering to principles which place him, as do those for which he is here contending, in a most unpopular minority. This able and eloquent document will be found on our fourth page. It raises its author higher in our estimation than any of his speeches that we have ever before seen reported. It shows him to be the eloquent advocate of liberty and justice, not only when sustained by the acclamations of the crowd and the plaudits of his admirers, but equally faithful when deserted by his former friends, and when called to face the bitter prejudices of those whose voices were once loudest in his praise. George Thompson shows a deal of moral courage in adhering to principles which place him, as do those for which he is here contending, in a most unpopular minority. The speech evinces a familiar acquaintance with the history of the anti-slavery movement in this country, and with the merits of the controversy which has divided its friends. Let no one be discouraged, by its length, from a perusal.— Pennsylvania Freeman. The speech evinces a familiar acquaintance with the history of the anti-slavery movement in this country, and with the merits of the controversy which has divided its friends. Let no one be discouraged, by its length, from a perusal.— Pennsylvania Freeman. Pennsylvania Freeman. 

 This is a cheering voice from beyond the waters. Considering his distant point of view, this brave anti-slavery champion well understands the relative position of parties here, and explains them fairly. This is a cheering voice from beyond the waters. Considering his distant point of view, this brave anti-slavery champion well understands the relative position of parties here, and explains them fairly. We thank him especially for his eloquent defence of John A. Collins; a man who has suffered much from misrepresentation and secret calumny, and throughout the whole, courted that open and thorough investigation, which his disinterested zeal and unimpeachable integrity, were sure to render triumphant.— National Standard. We thank him especially for his eloquent defence of John A. Collins; a man who has suffered much from misrepresentation and secret calumny, and throughout the whole, courted that open and thorough investigation, which his disinterested zeal and unimpeachable integrity, were sure to render triumphant.— National Standard. National Standard. 

 ALL THE DECENCY. The following is from the New-York Era. This HONORABLE Mr. Stanley is a brother of the notorious swindler and thief, who figured so conspicuously at the head of the ton, in London, a few months since. ALL THE DECENCY. The following is from the New-York Era. This HONORABLE Mr. Stanley is a brother of the notorious swindler and thief, who figured so conspicuously at the head of the ton, in London, a few months since. 'The Hon. Mr. Stanley, a whig member of Congress from North Carolina, made the following most abominable assertion, while denouncing Profit of Indiana, for kicking out of the party traces: 'The Hon. Mr. Stanley, a whig member of Congress from North Carolina, made the following most abominable assertion, while denouncing Profit of Indiana, for kicking out of the party traces: "It was a hard thing to die at any time, and go no man could tell where; but he would rather undergo, so help him God, the tortures of the damned, than be a whig, and support the interests of his adversaries." "It was a hard thing to die at any time, and go no man could tell where; but he would rather undergo, so help him God, the tortures of the damned, than be a whig, and support the interests of his adversaries." It is not difficult to predict the fate of a party with such a leader. No wonder that the frowns of Providence have continually overshadowed its progress.' It is not difficult to predict the fate of a party with such a leader leader . No wonder that the frowns of Providence have continually overshadowed its progress.' 

 Temperance. Extract of a letter received from a commercial house in Liverpool, acting as agent for several houses in this city, by the George Washington, dated July 24, 1841: Temperance. Temperance. Extract of a letter received from a commercial house in Liverpool, acting as agent for several houses in this city, by the George Washington, dated July 24, 1841: 'The temperance cause is making rapid strides into the minds of all classes in this country. Here we daily see and feel its powerful influence; in proof of which we will merely say, that in the late general election throughout England, Ireland and Scotland, not a single rioter or disturber of the peace was found to be a tee-totaller.'— Albany Argus. 'The temperance cause is making rapid strides into the minds of all classes in this country. Here we daily see and feel its powerful influence; in proof of which we will merely say, that in the late general election throughout England, Ireland and Scotland, not a single rioter or disturber of the peace was found to be a tee-totaller.'— Albany Argus Albany Argus . Marriage. I never knew a marriage expressly for money that did not end unhappily. Yet managing mothers and heartless daughters, are continually playing the same unlucky game. I believe that men more frequently marry for love, than women; because they have a free choice. I am afraid to conjecture how large a portion of women marry because they think they shall not have a better chance, and dread being dependant. Such marriages no doubt sometimes prove tolerably comfortable, but a great number would have been far happier single. If I may judge by my observations of such matters, marrying for a home is a most tiresome way of getting a living. Marriage Marriage . I never knew a marriage expressly for money that did not end unhappily. Yet managing mothers and heartless daughters, are continually playing the same unlucky game. I believe that men more frequently marry for love, than women; because they have a free choice. I am afraid to conjecture how large a portion of women marry because they think they shall not have a better chance, and dread being dependant. Such marriages no doubt sometimes prove tolerably comfortable, but a great number would have been far happier single. If I may judge by my observations of such matters, marrying for a home is a most tiresome way of getting a living. [Mrs. Child [ Mrs. Child Mrs. Child Accident and Death. A young man, named Daniel McCarty, met a shocking death, at Rochester, N.Y. on Thursday last. He was employed on the new aqueduct, and at the time of the accident, was passing along the northern parapet, with a bucket of water in each hand, when he stumbled and fell from the wall, a distance of nearly thirty feet— striking nearly lengthwise on a solid rock— covered with about an inch of water! At the time of the accident, a boat was passing through the old aqueduct, at which, it was supposed, by a person who saw him fall, he was looking, at the time of his sad plunge from the wall. His head was badly fractured, causing death immediately.— Boston Times. Accident and Death. Accident and Death. A young man, named Daniel McCarty, met a shocking death, at Rochester, N.Y. on Thursday last. He was employed on the new aqueduct, and at the time of the accident, was passing along the northern parapet, with a bucket of water in each hand, when he stumbled and fell from the wall, a distance of nearly thirty feet thirty feet — striking nearly lengthwise on a solid rock— covered with about an inch of water! At the time of the accident, a boat was passing through the old aqueduct, at which, it was supposed, by a person who saw him fall, he was looking, at the time of his sad plunge from the wall. His head was badly fractured, causing death immediately.— Boston Times Boston Times . A Colored Scholar. The Paris correspondent of the National Intelligencer mentions that Alex. Dumas, one of the most celebrated literary characters of France, is a full mulatto, his father being a complete negro, from one of the West Indian Islands. He was, nevertheless, a General of the Artillery, and his son is deemed second only, in literature, to Victor Hugo. It is said that an American gentleman, being invited to dinner, finding himself placed on an equality with a colored man, slipped away as soon as possible, complaining bitterly that he was placed at table next a mulatto! Dumas, it is said, is about to receive the distinguished honor of being elected a member of the French Institute, an honor to which the American gentleman would probably aspire in vain. A Colored Scholar A Colored Scholar . The Paris correspondent of the National Intelligencer mentions that Alex. Dumas, one of the most celebrated literary characters of France, is a full mulatto, his father being a complete negro, from one of the West Indian Islands. He was, nevertheless, a General of the Artillery, and his son is deemed second only, in literature, to Victor Hugo. It is said that an American gentleman, being invited to dinner, finding himself placed on an equality with a colored man, slipped away as soon as possible, complaining bitterly that he was placed at table next a mulatto! Dumas, it is said, is about to receive the distinguished honor of being elected a member of the French Institute, an honor to which the American gentleman would probably aspire in vain. Lusus Nature.— The Richmond (La.) Compiler says the Clerk of the Circuit Court, J.T. Mason, Esq. owns a boy 15 years of age, whose skin is as black as ebony, with the exception of the greater part of the right arm, the entire part of the right shoulder blade, all of the right side and back, which are as white as alabaster! The spots on which, have been increasing in size for years, and will, in all human probability, cover the whole body before they cease their growth. Lusus Nature Lusus Nature .— The Richmond (La.) Compiler says the Clerk of the Circuit Court, J.T. Mason, Esq. owns a boy 15 years of age, whose skin is as black as ebony, with the exception of the greater part of the right arm, the entire part of the right shoulder blade, all of the right side and back, which are as white as alabaster! The spots on which, have been increasing in size for years, and will, in all human probability, cover the whole body before they cease their growth. Ink. It was stated in the House of Representatives on Monday, that the members of Congress have consumed, with the clerks, &c. fifteen barrels of ink at this season. Ink Ink . It was stated in the House of Representatives on Monday, that the members of Congress have consumed, with the clerks, &c. fifteen barrels of ink at this season. Importation of oil into the United State during the month of August 1841— Sperm, 11,630 bls. or 366,344 galls.— Whale, 16,875 gals. Ships 10— Barks 2. Importation of oil into the United State during the month of August 1841— Sperm, 11,630 bls. or 366,344 galls.— Whale, 16,875 gals. Ships 10— Barks 2. The Colored Population in Canada.— It is computed by the Montreal Courier, that there are about 20,000 negroes in Canada who have escaped from slavery in the southern States. The Colored Population in Canada. The Colored Population in Canada. — It is computed by the Montreal Courier, that there are about 20,000 negroes in Canada who have escaped from slavery in the southern States. A gentleman lately visiting at Folkstone was so much impressed with the dismal and dirty appearance of the houses in some of the narrow streets, that he actually whitewashed the house on one side of the South-street at his own expense, just by way of example to the inhabitants. A gentleman lately visiting at Folkstone was so much impressed with the dismal and dirty appearance of the houses in some of the narrow streets, that he actually whitewashed the house on one side of the South-street at his own expense, just by way of example to the inhabitants. Birth Extraordinary. On Friday se'nnight, the wife of Mr. Dupe, gun-maker, St. Aldate's, of a daughter. The father will be 90 years of age at Christmas next, is now in good health and vigor, and has been a water drinker all his days. His wife is about half his age, and is also an original tee-totaller.— Oxford Herald. Birth Extraordinary. Birth Extraordinary. On Friday se'nnight, the wife of Mr. Dupe, gun-maker, St. Aldate's, of a daughter. The father will be 90 years of age at Christmas next, is now in good health and vigor, and has been a water drinker all his days. His wife is about half his age, and is also an original tee-totaller.— Oxford Herald Oxford Herald . The journey from Antwerp to Brussels is now performed in one hour, and from Antwerp to Liege in five hours. The journey from Antwerp to Brussels is now performed in one hour, and from Antwerp to Liege in five hours. We understand that the Society of Friends in this town has been applied to for the use of their meeting-house to hold the Ministerial Anti-Corn-Law Conferences in, but have declined to lend it, as they consider the Conference of a political character. Though a few of the members of that Society have been so imprudent as to assist in some of the various systems of political agitation which have now become so common, the general body of that Society entirely disapproves of such proceedings.— Manchester Courier. We understand that the Society of Friends in this town has been applied to for the use of their meeting-house to hold the Ministerial Anti-Corn-Law Conferences in, but have declined to lend it, as they consider the Conference of a political character. Though a few of the members of that Society have been so imprudent as to assist in some of the various systems of political agitation which have now become so common, the general body of that Society entirely disapproves of such proceedings.— Manchester Courier Manchester Courier . Then, shame on the Society of Friends! Then, shame on the Society of Friends! A Large Meeting of Negroes. We are credibly informed that a considerable gathering of negroes took place in the neighborhood of the Spring Gardens. Between 2 and 300 congregate nightly, for what purpose we can't say— having drums and fifes, horns, bugles, trombones, &c.; each one is supplied with a stick or staff; and are carried through many of the military movements, as marching, counter-marching, &c. Would it not be well for Capt. Mitchell to order a corporal's guard to reconnoitre and report their movements to head quarters? It may not be their intention to declare war, or have any warlike feeling, but it is necessary to know what they are about.— Balt. Republican. A Large Meeting of Negroes A Large Meeting of Negroes . We are credibly informed that a considerable gathering of negroes took place in the neighborhood of the Spring Gardens. Between 2 and 300 congregate nightly, for what purpose we can't say— having drums and fifes, horns, bugles, trombones, &c.; each one is supplied with a stick or staff; and are carried through many of the military movements, as marching, counter-marching, &c. Would it not be well for Capt. Mitchell to order a corporal's guard to reconnoitre and report their movements to head quarters? It may not be their intention to declare war, or have any warlike feeling, but it is necessary to know what they are about.— Balt. Republican Balt. Republican . Behold the security of southern taskmasters! Behold the security of southern taskmasters! A FARCE. From the Georgia Christian Index we learn that the citizens of Palmyra, in that State, have given a public dinner to Rev Mr. Davis, since his return from the North, and that a Reverend gentleman offered this toast: A FARCE. From the Georgia Christian Index we learn that the citizens of Palmyra, in that State, have given a public dinner to Rev Mr. Davis, since his return from the North, and that a Reverend gentleman offered this toast: 'Our Guest— the Rev. Jonathan Davis. His able and splendid advocacy of southern rights and southern institutions, recently, at the North, entitle him to the respect and gratitude of his country'!!! ' Our Guest— the Rev. Jonathan Davis Our Guest— the Rev. Jonathan Davis . His able and splendid advocacy of southern rights and southern institutions, recently, at the North, entitle him to the respect and gratitude of his country'!!! We pity the professed minister of the gospel who could give, or receive, such a compliment as this. We pity the ignorance of the real facts in the case on the part of him who gave it, the childish vanity of the man who could consent to receive it, and the wickedness of both in glorying over laurels won— if any had been won— in such a cause. We are glad to see that our brother of the Index gives Mr. D. a well merited rebuke.— Christian Watchman. We pity the professed minister of the gospel who could give, or receive, such a compliment compliment as this. We pity the ignorance of the real facts in the case on the part of him who gave it, the childish vanity of the man who could consent to receive it, and the wickedness of both in glorying over laurels won— if any had been won— in such such a cause. We are glad to see that our brother of the Index gives Mr. D. a well merited rebuke.— Christian Watchman. Christian Watchman. 

 The British Dominions. The subjoined is a statement of the population of the British empire, which the Philadelphia Sentinel says is compiled from the most authentic documents: The British Dominions. The British Dominions. The subjoined is a statement of the population of the British empire, which the Philadelphia Sentinel says is compiled from the most authentic documents: Table  Table  The whole of the above territories cover about 2,800,000 square miles. The whole of the above territories cover about 2,800,000 square miles. 

 The average of the annual cost of repairs on three thousand three hundred miles of railroads in the United States, now completed and in use, has been within $800 per mile. We have two thousand miles more in a course of construction. The whole capital already invested in rail-roads in the U. States, is not far from one hundred millions of dollars. The average of the annual cost of repairs on three thousand three hundred miles of railroads in the United States, now completed and in use, has been within $800 per mile. We have two thousand miles more in a course of construction. The whole capital already invested in rail-roads in the U. States, is not far from one hundred millions of dollars. 

 Books for orders and donations are opened by the Committee of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair, at 25, Cornhill. The friends of the cause are informed that the value of all donations of linen, cambrick, thread-edging or silk, will be in all cases doubled, and in many instances quadrupled to the cause, by means of the Fair. From intelligence received from France and England, as well as from various parts of New-England, there is ground for supposing that the Fair this year will be more brilliant and attractive than ever, and combine more articles elsewhere unattainable than any former occasion. The various towns engaged are informed that exertions proportionate to the additional demands made by the increase of their numbers, will be made in Boston for the discharge of the pleasant duty of hospitality at the time of the Fair. Every motive by which we have ever been stirred to action grows daily stronger. Our sympathies with the slaves, by exercise, have become deeper— our hopes of their ultimate deliverance grow stronger— our hatred of slavery more intense. Let our exertions for its termination be proportionate. Let those who have money spend, and let those who have none be spent in this inspiring cause. The humblest means are often the most successful, and so it has been with the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair. It has done more towards softening the public heart towards the claims of our enslaved countrymen, than many a more imposing instrumentality. However unpretending, do not think it trivial, or of a frivolizing tendency. All means that are not wrong, an end like ours can ennoble and sanctify. The need of exertion in the cause was never greater— the opportunity for it never fairer. There are villages within twelve miles of Boston, where the first anti-slavery lecture has yet to be given; and whole townships in the western part of the State. We call upon the women of the Commonwealth for help in carrying forward the cause we all hold so dear. It is their cause as well as ours. We welcome them once more to the fellowship of faith, and labor, and patience. By mutual co-operation, the strength of each becomes the strength of all, and the anti-slavery influence is multiplied a thousand fold. Books for orders and donations are opened by the Committee of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair, at 25, Cornhill. The friends of the cause are informed that the value of all donations of linen, cambrick, thread-edging or silk, will be in all cases doubled, and in many instances quadrupled to the cause, by means of the Fair. From intelligence received from France and England, as well as from various parts of New-England, there is ground for supposing that the Fair this year will be more brilliant and attractive than ever, and combine more articles elsewhere unattainable than any former occasion. The various towns engaged are informed that exertions proportionate to the additional demands made by the increase of their numbers, will be made in Boston for the discharge of the pleasant duty of hospitality at the time of the Fair. Every motive by which we have ever been stirred to action grows daily stronger. Our sympathies with the slaves, by exercise, have become deeper— our hopes of their ultimate deliverance grow stronger— our hatred of slavery more intense. Let our exertions for its termination be proportionate. Let those who have money spend, and let those who have none be spent in this inspiring cause. The humblest means are often the most successful, and so it has been with the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair. It has done more towards softening the public heart towards the claims of our enslaved countrymen, than many a more imposing instrumentality. However unpretending, do not think it trivial, or of a frivolizing tendency. All means that are not wrong, an end like ours can ennoble and sanctify. The need of exertion in the cause was never greater— the opportunity for it never fairer. There are villages within twelve miles of Boston, where the first anti-slavery lecture has yet to be given; and whole townships in the western part of the State. We call upon the women of the Commonwealth for help in carrying forward the cause we all hold so dear. It is their cause as well as ours. We welcome them once more to the fellowship of faith, and labor, and patience. By mutual co-operation, the strength of each becomes the strength of all, and the anti-slavery influence is multiplied a thousand fold. For the committee of the Anti-Slavery Fair, For the committee of the Anti-Slavery Fair, THANKFUL SOUTHWICK, THANKFUL SOUTHWICK, MARIA W. CHAPMAN, MARIA W. CHAPMAN, M.A.W. JOHNSON, M.A.W. JOHNSON, ANNE WARREN WESTON. ANNE WARREN WESTON. The time of the Fair is at Christmas week, and the receipts are to be devoted mainly to the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. The time of the Fair is at Christmas week, and the receipts are to be devoted mainly to the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. 

 Will be furnished, to friends of the cause skilled in shell-work, quantities of the Terebellum, Vitrina, Diaphana, Lascia, and the various kinds suitable for work-boxes, card-racks, vases, flowers and hair-ornaments. Address M.W. Chapman, care of Henry W. Williams, 25, Cornhill. Will be furnished, to friends of the cause skilled in shell-work, quantities of the Terebellum, Vitrina, Diaphana, Lascia, and the various kinds suitable for work-boxes, card-racks, vases, flowers and hair-ornaments. Address M.W. Chapman, care of Henry W. Williams, 25, Cornhill. 

 The friends of the cause, of whom the Editor of the LIBERTY BELL has promise of contributions, (literary and pecuniary,) are requested to notice, that the time of publication draws nigh. No effort should be spared to make this third number of the Anti-Slavery Annual better than its predecessors. It has always been a source of pecuniary profit to the cause, as well as a means of reaching minds which will not receive the anti-slavery principles through any other medium. The Editor's address is The friends of the cause, of whom the Editor of the LIBERTY BELL has promise of contributions, (literary and pecuniary,) are requested to notice, that the time of publication draws nigh. No effort should be spared to make this third number of the Anti-Slavery Annual better than its predecessors. It has always been a source of pecuniary profit to the cause, as well as a means of reaching minds which will not receive the anti-slavery principles through any other medium. The Editor's address is M.W. CHAPMAN, M.W. CHAPMAN, 6 Chauncy Place, Boston. 6 Chauncy Place, Boston. Chauncy Place, Boston. 

 I WOULD respectfully inform my friends and patrons, that a consultation of eminent physicians, associated with Dr. Mott, have given the opinion that the blindness, which has so long baffled medical skill, may be removed by a skilful operation. I WOULD respectfully inform my friends and patrons, that a consultation of eminent physicians, associated with Dr. Mott, have given the opinion that the blindness, which has so long baffled medical skill, may be removed by a skilful operation. Feeling an intense desire to look again on the countenances of my friends, and to dispense with the necessity of an amanuensis in my editorial labors, I have resolved to try the experiment. Feeling an intense desire to look again on the countenances of my friends, and to dispense with the necessity of an amanuensis in my editorial labors, I have resolved to try the experiment. In the mean time, the Mirror of Liberty will either be conducted by a competent brother, or suspended until my sight is restored. In the latter case, the pledges, donations, and subscriptions, to the amount of $913 88, so generously contributed to the cause of reform, will be returned to my patrons with grateful acknowledgments. In the mean time, the Mirror of Liberty will either be conducted by a competent brother, or suspended until my sight is restored. In the latter case, the pledges, donations, and subscriptions, to the amount of $913 88, so generously contributed to the cause of reform, will be returned to my patrons with grateful acknowledgments. Should it please God to restore my vision, it will be my joy to use every faculty in the cause of freedom, until the day of our redemption dawns. Should it please God to restore my vision, it will be my joy to use every faculty in the cause of freedom, until the day of our redemption dawns. DAVID RUGGLES, DAVID RUGGLES, Editor of the Mirror of Liberty, 251 Elizabeth street. New York, Sept. 6th, 1841. Editor of the Mirror of Liberty, Editor of the Mirror of Liberty, 251 Elizabeth street. New York, Sept. 6th, 1841. N.B. Agents and subscribers who are in arrears for the first volume, are requested to make payment as early as possible. N.B. Agents and subscribers who are in arrears for the first volume, are requested to make payment as early as possible. 

 ALL who are acquainted with the maker of these Pills will do him the justice to say, that he is one of the last men to impose upon the public. The value of these Family Pills has been so often made manifest, that an extended description of their virtues is hardly needed. It is of more importance to tell the public where they are to be had; and, although they are not held up as a specific for every disorder, yet they have counteracted and cured many acute and obstinate chronic diseases; and what they have already done, it is not improbable they can do again. To use the language of the inventor:— 'An early and correct use of these Pills will enable every one safely and successfully to be their own physician, in all ordinary complaints.' ALL who are acquainted with the maker of these Pills will do him the justice to say, that he is one of the last men to impose upon the public. The value of these Family Pills has been so often made manifest, that an extended description of their virtues is hardly needed. It is of more importance to tell the public where they are to be had; and, although they are not held up as a specific for every disorder, yet they have counteracted and cured many acute and obstinate chronic diseases; and what they have already done, it is not improbable they can do again. To use the language of the inventor:— 'An early and correct use of these Pills will enable every one safely and successfully to be their own physician, in all ordinary complaints.' They are for sale wholesale and retail by SAMUEL FOWLER, No. 25 High Street, Charlestown, wholesale agent. Price, 50 cents per box. Where may also be had They are for sale wholesale and retail by SAMUEL FOWLER, No. 25 High Street, Charlestown, wholesale agent. Price, 50 cents per box. Where may also be had  This Salve relieves and cures Felons, Biles, Ulcers, Agues in the breast, Milk Cake, Ague in the face, Ear-ache, Burns, Scalds, Corns, Salt Rheum, White Swelling, King's Evil, Stiff Neck, Whooping Cough, and Cough occasioned by cold, together with many other painful complaints— but it is its own best trumpeter, and, in such cases, self-praise goes a great— ays. Price 25 cents per box. This Salve relieves and cures Felons, Biles, Ulcers, Agues in the breast, Milk Cake, Ague in the face, Ear-ache, Burns, Scalds, Corns, Salt Rheum, White Swelling, King's Evil, Stiff Neck, Whooping Cough, and Cough occasioned by cold, together with many other painful complaints— but it is its own best trumpeter, and, in such cases, self-praise goes a great— ays. Price 25 cents per box. July 23. July 23. 

 THE report of Mr. Parker's sermon, by Messrs. Fairchild, Driver and Dunham, together with the remarks upon that report and sermon in the Roston Courier and other papers. Also the correspondence between Messrs. Fairchild and Lathrop, 2 letters from Rev. Mr. Driver, of S. Boston, of original matter, connected with the S. Boston Unitarian ordination, and most of the other communications which have been published in relation to the same subject. As the public mind is deeply interested in this matter, we have thought that the community generally would be gratified to have it in their power to obtain, in a condensed and permanent form, all the most important communications which have appeared in different papers. SAXTON & PEIRCE, 133 1-2 Washington street. THE report of Mr. Parker's sermon, by Messrs. Fairchild, Driver and Dunham, together with the remarks upon that report and sermon in the Roston Courier and other papers. Also the correspondence between Messrs. Fairchild and Lathrop, 2 letters from Rev. Mr. Driver, of S. Boston, of original matter, connected with the S. Boston Unitarian ordination, and most of the other communications which have been published in relation to the same subject. As the public mind is deeply interested in this matter, we have thought that the community generally would be gratified to have it in their power to obtain, in a condensed and permanent form, all the most important communications which have appeared in different papers. SAXTON & PEIRCE, 133 1-2 Washington street. 

 THE Christian Family Magazine; or Parent's and Children's Journal. Edited by Rev. D. [ ] assisted by an association of clergymen. THE Christian Family Magazine; or Parent's and Children's Journal. Edited by Rev. D. [ ] assisted by an association of clergymen. Terms. The price of the Magazine is one dollar a year, payable in advance. To be issued every other month, commencing on the first day of Sept. Each No. will contain at least 48 pages, making a yearly volume of about 300 pages, with steel engravings, and music in each No. Terms. Terms. The price of the Magazine is one dollar a year, payable in advance. To be issued every other month, commencing on the first day of Sept. Each No. will contain at least 48 pages, making a yearly volume of about 300 pages, with steel engravings, and music in each No. Traveling agents wanted. Theological students or young men of good character and address, who [ ] to secure, by subscription, and pay for 25 copies of [ ] work, shall have $5— 50 copies, $10— and in this portion for any larger number. Clergymen who [ ] to travel for their health, preferred. Traveling agents wanted. Traveling agents wanted. Theological students or young men of good character and address, who [ ] to secure, by subscription, and pay for 25 copies of [ ] work, shall have $5— 50 copies, $10— and in this portion for any larger number. Clergymen who [ ] to travel for their health, preferred. All post-masters are authorised agents for this [ ] in New-England. All post-masters are authorised agents for this [ ] in New-England. Published by SAXTON & PEIRCE, 133 1-2 Washington st., where subscriptions are respectfully [ ]. Published by SAXTON & PEIRCE, 133 1-2 Washington st., where subscriptions are respectfully [ ]. Aug. 27. Aug. 27. 

 CULLED from early youth. By a Lady. For sale at 133 1-2 Washington street, by SAXTON & PEIRCE. CULLED from early youth. By a Lady. For sale at 133 1-2 Washington street, by SAXTON & PEIRCE. tf tf April 30. April 30. 

 BY Harriet Martineau, in 2 vols. For sale at 133 1-2 Washington-street, by Saxton & Pierce March 19 BY Harriet Martineau, in 2 vols. For sale at 133 1-2 Washington-street, by Saxton & Pierce March 19 

 LADIES' and GENT'S TRAVELLING ARTICLES. An extensive and well selected assortment of articles necessary for comfort and convenience in travelling, at low prices— at JORDAN'S Milk st. LADIES' and GENT'S TRAVELLING ARTICLES. An extensive and well selected assortment of articles necessary for comfort and convenience in travelling, at low prices— at JORDAN'S Milk st. July 9, 1841 July 9, 1841 

 CORRESPONDENCE between O. Johnson and George F. White, a minister of the Society of Friends. With an appendix. For sale at 25 Cornhill; and at Philadelphia, New-York and Providence March 12 CORRESPONDENCE between O. Johnson and George F. White, a minister of the Society of Friends. With an appendix. For sale at 25 Cornhill; and at Philadelphia, New-York and Providence March 12 

 NOTES on the United States of North America during a Phrenological Visit in 1838-9-40. Just published and for sale at the Phrenological Dept. 133 1-2 Washington Street by NOTES on the United States of North America during a Phrenological Visit in 1838-9-40. Just published and for sale at the Phrenological Dept. 133 1-2 Washington Street by April 9. April 9. SAXTON & PEIRCE SAXTON & PEIRCE 

 PUBLISHED in Great Britain; by John A. Collins, for sale at No. 25 Cornhill. Price 18 3-4ct. PUBLISHED in Great Britain; by John A. Collins, for sale at No. 25 Cornhill. Price 18 3-4ct. 

 SEVERAL bound volumes of the Liberator remains on hand, at No. 25 Cornhill. To those who are desirous of preserving a complete file, the present affords a favorable opportunity. SEVERAL bound volumes of the Liberator remains on hand, at No. 25 Cornhill. To those who are desirous of preserving a complete file, the present affords a favorable opportunity. tf tf Aug. 17. Aug. 17. 

 JUST PUBLISHED, (under the sanction of the Boston Academy,) CARMINA SACRA, or the BOSTON COLLECTION OF CHURCH MUSIC- comprising the most popular Psalm and Hymn Tune in general use, together with a great variety of new Tunes, Chants, Sentences, Motetts and Anthems principally by distinguished European composers the whole constituting one of the most complete collections of music for choirs, congregations, singing schools and societies, extant, by Lowell Mason, editor of the Boston Handel and Haydn Collection, Modern Psalmist, and various other musical works. The latest test work of the author was the Modern Psalmist which work the four parts were printed on two staffs. Although this plan has several important advantages it is objected to by many under the supposition that the music is difficult to be read. This consideration together with the fact that every ambitious choir needs a constant succesison of new tunes to sustain its interest and position, and that the editor had in his hands much new and valuable music recently received from distinguished European composers, has led to the publication of Carmina Sacra. The metrical part of the work contains such a diversity of style in melody, harmony and rythm, as cannot fail to gratify the lovers of sacred song, and increase the interest this part of church service. JUST PUBLISHED, (under the sanction of the Boston Academy,) CARMINA SACRA, or the BOSTON COLLECTION OF CHURCH MUSIC- comprising the most popular Psalm and Hymn Tune in general use, together with a great variety of new Tunes, Chants, Sentences, Motetts and Anthems principally by distinguished European composers the whole constituting one of the most complete collections of music for choirs, congregations, singing schools and societies, extant, by Lowell Mason, editor of the Boston Handel and Haydn Collection, Modern Psalmist, and various other musical works. The latest test work of the author was the Modern Psalmist which work the four parts were printed on two staffs. Although this plan has several important advantages it is objected to by many under the supposition that the music is difficult to be read. This consideration together with the fact that every ambitious choir needs a constant succesison of new tunes to sustain its interest and position, and that the editor had in his hands much new and valuable music recently received from distinguished European composers, has led to the publication of Carmina Sacra. The metrical part of the work contains such a diversity of style in melody, harmony and rythm, as cannot fail to gratify the lovers of sacred song, and increase the interest this part of church service. Teachers and societies supplied with the work of the most favorable terms, by Teachers and societies supplied with the work of the most favorable terms, by SAXTON & PEIRCE, SAXTON & PEIRCE, Sept. 17. Sept. 17. 133 1-2 Washington-street 133 1-2 Washington-street 

 CONTAINING a selection of easy and familiar tunes, adapted to the Union Sabbath School Hymn Book, published by the American Sunday School Union. Together with several other beautiful Hymns and Tunes, not before published. Asa Fitz and E.B. Dearborn. CONTAINING a selection of easy and familiar tunes, adapted to the Union Sabbath School Hymn Book, published by the American Sunday School Union. Together with several other beautiful Hymns and Tunes, not before published. Asa Fitz and E.B. Dearborn. Just published by SAXTON & PEIRCE, 133 1-[ ] Washington-street. Just published by SAXTON & PEIRCE, 133 1-[ ] Washington-street. Price $2 00 per dozen, 20 cts single. Price $2 00 per dozen, 20 cts single. 

 PERFUMERY AND EXTRACTS.— Just received, and for sale at JORDAN'S, 2 Milk, 2d [ ] from Washington-street. PERFUMERY AND EXTRACTS.— Just received, and for sale at JORDAN'S, 2 Milk, 2d [ ] from Washington-street. Table  Table  

 AN argument on the unconstitutionality of slavery embracing an abstract of the proceedings of the National and State Conventions on this subject. [ ] G.W.F. Mellen. This day published, and for sale by AN argument on the unconstitutionality of slavery embracing an abstract of the proceedings of the National and State Conventions on this subject. [ ] G.W.F. Mellen. This day published, and for sale by SEXTON & PEIRCE, SEXTON & PEIRCE, 133 1-2 Washington-st. 133 1-2 Washington-st. 

 Where he continues to alter Gentlemen's Apparel by any desired Fashion. Where he continues to alter Gentlemen's Apparel by any desired Fashion Where he continues to alter Gentlemen's Apparel by any desired Fashion . Also, Clothes CLEANSED AND REPAIRED in the Neatest Style, and at the Shortest Notice. Also, Clothes CLEANSED AND REPAIRED in the Neatest Style, and at the Shortest Notice. Neatest Style, and at the Shortest Notice. W.G.N. respectfully solicits the notice of his old friends, and a share of the public patronage. The smallest favors gratefully received. W.G.N. respectfully solicits the notice of his old friends, and a share of the public patronage. The smallest favors gratefully received. 

 AT J.E. FULLER'S, NO. 24 FRANKLIN PLACE— Gentlemen desirous of Board, at one of the most pleasant and central situations in the city are respectfully invited to call as above. Families will find very choice rooms on the second floor TRANSIENT BOARDERS will be received at ONE DOLLAR per day. AT J.E. FULLER'S, NO. 24 FRANKLIN PLACE— Gentlemen desirous of Board, at one of the most pleasant and central situations in the city are respectfully invited to call as above. Families will find very choice rooms on the second floor TRANSIENT BOARDERS will be received at ONE DOLLAR per day. Carriages in readiness at all times to convey passengers to railroads, &c. Carriages in readiness at all times to convey passengers to railroads, &c. May 14. tf. May 14. tf. 

 WANTED a few miles from the city, an apprentice to the shoemaking business. Two or three boys want situations in the country! WANTED a few miles from the city, an apprentice to the shoemaking business. Two or three boys want situations in the country! Apply to WM. C. NELL, 25 Cornhill. Apply to WM. C. NELL, 25 Cornhill. 

 A YOUNG girl of 15, who has recently become an orphan, would like a place in the country A YOUNG girl of 15, who has recently become an orphan, would like a place in the country W.C. NELL, 25 Cornhill. W.C. NELL, 25 Cornhill. 

 MASSACHUSETTS.- Alvan Ward, Ashburn;- Saml. I. Rice, Northborough. MASSACHUSETTS.- Alvan Ward, Ashburn;- Ashburn;- Saml. I. Rice, Northborough Northborough . RHODE-ISLAND.- Wm. Adams, Pawtucket;- Wm. Aplin, Providence;- George S. Gould, Warwick. RHODE-ISLAND.- Wm. Adams, Pawtucket Pawtucket ;- Wm. Aplin, Providence Providence ;- George S. Gould, Warwick Warwick . CONNECTICUT.- George W. Benson, Brooklyn;- S. S. Cowles, Hartford;- John S. Hall, East-Hampton. CONNECTICUT.- George W. Benson, Brooklyn Brooklyn ;- S. S. Cowles, Hartford Hartford ;- John S. Hall, East-Hampton. East-Hampton. NEW-YORK.- Oliver Johnson, New-York City; Charles S. Morton, Albany;- James C. Fuller, Skanetales;- John H. Barker, Peru;- Thomas McClintock, Waterloo. NEW-YORK.- Oliver Johnson, New-York New-York  City City ; Charles S. Morton, Albany Albany ;- James C. Fuller, Skanetales Skanetales ;- John H. Barker, Peru Peru ;- Thomas McClintock, Waterloo Waterloo . PENNSYLVANIA.- H.C. Howell, Alleghany;- J.B Vashon, Pittsburg;- M. Preston, West Grove;- Joseph Fulton, Jr. Swan;- Thomas Peart, Enterprise;- Thomas Hambleton, Russellville;- B. Kent, Anderew's Bridge;- John Cox, Homorton;- Rev. C. A. Boyd, Erie, Erie Co.;- James M. M'Kim, Philadelphia PENNSYLVANIA.- H.C. Howell, Alleghany Alleghany ;- J.B Vashon, Pittsburg Pittsburg ;- M. Preston, West Grove West Grove ;- Joseph Fulton, Jr. Swan Swan ;- Thomas Peart, Enterprise;- Enterprise;- Thomas Hambleton, Russellville Russellville ;- B. Kent, Anderew's Anderew's  Bridge Bridge ;- John Cox, Homorton Homorton ;- Rev. C. A. Boyd, Erie, Erie Co Erie, Erie Co .;- James M. M'Kim, Philadelphia Philadelphia OHIO.- James Boyle, Cincinnati;- Charles Olcutt, Medina;- Dr. J. Harvey, Harveysburg;- Abner G. Kirk, Barryville;- William Hills, Oberlin;- James Austin, Atwater;- Lot Holmes, New Lisbon;- Joseph A. Dugdale, Cortsville. OHIO.- James Boyle, Cincinnati Cincinnati ;- Charles Olcutt, Medina Medina ;- Dr. J. Harvey, Harveysburg Harveysburg ;- Abner G. Kirk, Barryville Barryville ;- William Hills, Oberlin Oberlin ;- James Austin, Atwater Atwater ;- Lot Holmes, New Lisbon New Lisbon ;- Joseph A. Dugdale, Cortsville Cortsville . (SEE FIRST PAGE.) (SEE FIRST PAGE.) 

 Remittances by Mail.— 'A Postmaster may enclose money in a letter to the publisher of a newspaper, to pay the subscription of a third person, and frank the letter if written by himself.' Remittances by Mail. Remittances by Mail. — 'A Postmaster may enclose money in a letter to the publisher of a newspaper, to pay the subscription of a third person, and frank the letter if written by himself.' Agents who remit money should always designate the persons to whom it is to be credited. Agents who remit money should always designate the persons to whom it is to be credited. 

