 Now let there be on earth an end of sin,And all contention cease throughout the world;The glorious reign of holiness begin,And Satan's empire to the dust be hurled!Let Peace, at last, a final victory win!Let War's red banner be forever furled!Resolve, mankind! to love and bless each other;Forget each hateful caste, each jarring creed;Behold in every man a friend and brother,And minister to him as he hath need.Are ye not children of a common Father?Then to His will implicitly give head:So crime and poverty shall disappear,And perfect bliss shall crown each new-born year! Now let there be on earth an end of sin,And all contention cease throughout the world;The glorious reign of holiness begin,And Satan's empire to the dust be hurled!Let Peace, at last, a final victory win!Let War's red banner be forever furled!Resolve, mankind! to love and bless each other;Forget each hateful caste, each jarring creed;Behold in every man a friend and brother,And minister to him as he hath need.Are ye not children of a common Father?Then to His will implicitly give head:So crime and poverty shall disappear,And perfect bliss shall crown each new-born year!              W.L.G. W.L.G. 

 MR. EDITOR: MR. EDITOR: Last evening, the Rev. Dr. Booth, of the Methodist denomination, delivered the best and most faithful lecture on Temperance, which has ever been delivered in this city. It was decidedly ultra, as our respectable wine and brandy drinkers would say; and he placed the responsibility of intemperance, for once, where it belongs— on the shoulders of the wealthy, the influential, and the assumed and conceded respectables of our city, State and nation. Last evening, the Rev. Dr. Booth, of the Methodist denomination, delivered the best and most faithful lecture on Temperance, which has ever been delivered in this city. It was decidedly ultra, as our respectable wine and brandy drinkers would say; and he placed the responsibility of intemperance, for once, where it belongs— on the shoulders of the wealthy, the influential, and the assumed and conceded respectables respectables of our city, State and nation. But your readers, or you, may say, after reading so far, what has this to do with the heading of your communication? I will tell you. At the same hour, and at the hall of one of our rum taverns in this city, a certain play-actor was delivering a lecture on elocution; and four professed ministers certainly, (if not more) of our good city, were listening to this play-actor, among other things, to learn them how to read the Bible. Shame, shame! when a professed minister of Jesus Christ thinks it necessary to be instructed by a play-actor, instead of attending a temperance meeting, where many of the foundation principles of their religion they knew would be promulgated. But so it is, in too many congregations. This world, and its fading interests, are not only uppermost in the hearts of the people, but, it is to be feared, they are in quite too many instances uppermost in the hearts of the clergy. But your readers, or you, may say, after reading so far, what has this to do with the heading of your communication? I will tell you. At the same hour, and at the hall of one of our rum taverns in this city, a certain play-actor was delivering a lecture on elocution; and four four professed ministers certainly, (if not more) of our good city, were listening to this play-actor, among other things, to learn them them how to read the Bible. Shame, shame! when a professed minister of Jesus Christ thinks it necessary to be instructed by a play-actor, instead of attending a temperance meeting, where many of the foundation principles of their religion they knew would be promulgated. But so it is, in too many congregations. This world, and its fading interests, are not only uppermost in the hearts of the people, but, it is to be feared, they are in quite too many instances uppermost in the hearts of the clergy. Sir, I do not wish to bring the clergy into disrepute, nor the cause of pure religion; but I do wish they would set better examples than this, and I do very much doubt the sincerity of their professions when I hear them preach; for, in my view, they are decidedly under the influence of the worldly minded men who compose their congregations, and who contribute most to their support. A pert little miss, belonging to one of the churches, who with her minister was present, said, that she supposed some of the old women of the church would try to make a noise about their minister being there. I hope they will, at least sufficient to deter him in future. Sir, I do not wish to bring the clergy into disrepute, nor the cause of pure religion; but I do wish they would set better examples than this, and I do very much doubt the sincerity of their professions when I hear them preach; for, in my view, they are decidedly under the influence of the worldly minded men who compose their congregations, and who contribute most to their support. A pert little miss, belonging to one of the churches, who with her minister was present, said, that she supposed some of the old women old women of the church would try to make a noise about their minister being there. I hope they will, at least sufficient to deter him in future. The other clergymen were of the liberal order, but there will, I apprehend, be no old woman to make a noise in their churches. The other clergymen were of the liberal order, but there will, I apprehend, be no old woman to make a noise in their churches. This is but a sample of the course of many of our professed ministers of the meek and lowly Jesus, at the present day. They are almost any thing but what their Divine Master would have them to be; meek, humble, self-denying, and self-sacrificing. A member of an orthodox church said to me the other day, that it was too true, (as I had said,) that the worldly-minded of their parishioners pretty much decided what should come from the pulpit as the religion of our Lord Jesus Christ. Many of the ministers are, said he, decidedly under the influence of this class of hearers. This is but a sample of the course of many of our professed ministers of the meek and lowly Jesus, at the present day. They are almost any thing but what their Divine Master would have them to be; meek, humble, self-denying, and self-sacrificing. meek, humble, self-denying, and self-sacrificing. A member of an orthodox church said to me the other day, that it was too true, (as I had said,) that the worldly-minded of their parishioners pretty much decided what should come from the pulpit as the religion of our Lord Jesus Christ. Many of the ministers are, said he, decidedly under the influence of this class of hearers. General Riley, of New-York, lectured on Temperance this evening, at Dr. Tucker's church, and gave general satisfaction to the friends of the cause. One of his main topics was, that it was the duty of the church to be foremost in this noble and godlike enterprise; and he as well as Dr. Booth, placed the responsibility of the evils of intemperance on the right class. But I looked round in vain for the clergymen of this city. There were, it is true, some four or five of them present, men who may generally be seen on such occasions. The clergy, many of them, talk much about reformations among their hearers; but they may rest assured that, unless they reform themselves, their ranks will continue to be thinned of the self-denying and self-sacrificing disciples of Jesus; but they may be filled with the worldly-minded and the contemners of morality and religion. Slaveholders and the abettors of slavery, moderate drinkers of alcohol, and persons fond of theatrical and other amusements, will be their main supporters ere long, unless they pursue a different course. Already has a considerable number withdrawn from one of our orthodox churches, and established a new church, solely on account of a want of interest in the old church on the moral questions in the community, the clergyman going with the liberal party. General Riley, of New-York, lectured on Temperance this evening, at Dr. Tucker's church, and gave general satisfaction to the friends of the cause. One of his main topics was, that it was the duty of the church to be foremost in this noble and godlike enterprise; and he as well as Dr. Booth, placed the responsibility of the evils of intemperance on the right class. But I looked round in vain for the clergymen of this city. There were, it is true, some four or five of them present, men who may generally be seen on such occasions. The clergy, many of them, talk much about reformations among their hearers; but they may rest assured that, unless they reform themselves, their ranks will continue to be thinned of the self-denying and self-sacrificing disciples of Jesus; but they may be filled with the worldly-minded and the contemners of morality and religion. Slaveholders and the abettors of slavery, moderate drinkers of alcohol, and persons fond of theatrical and other amusements, will be their main supporters ere long, unless they pursue a different course. Already has a considerable number withdrawn from one of our orthodox churches, and established a new church, solely on account of a want of interest in the old church on the moral questions in the community, the clergyman going with the liberal party. When, O when, will religious teachers be like their Divine Master, whom they profess to serve? When will they declare all the counsel of God to their hearers, whether men hear or forbear? When, O when, will religious teachers be like their Divine Master, whom they profess to serve? When will they declare all the counsel of God to their hearers, whether men hear or forbear? ANTI-BACCIIUS. ANTI-BACCIIUS. Providence, R.I. Dec. 22, 1840. Providence, R.I. Dec. 22, 1840. 

 We find the following in the Detroit Free Press of November 12: We find the following in the Detroit Free Press of November 12: 'The democrats of the North are not slaveholders, nor do they view the enslavement of any portion of the human family in any other light than a curse to any country where it exists. But inasmuch as they are clear of the sin themselves, and the right to hold slaves was not surrendered by the slaveholding States at the time of the formation of the Union and the adoption of the Constitution, they have ever abstained from any interference with southern slavery, and have steadily discountenanced all attempts of the northern federalists to excite the slaves of the South to insurrection. Although they have entertained the hope that the southern States would ere long emulate the example of the North, and rid themselves of the curse of slavery, they have steadily acknowledged their constitutional right to adhere to it, and have lost their ascendency in several of the State governments, as well as much strength in Congress, by their defence of southern rights. 'The democrats of the North are not slaveholders, nor do they view the enslavement of any portion of the human family in any other light than a curse to any country where it exists. But inasmuch as they are clear of the sin themselves, and the right to hold slaves was not surrendered by the slaveholding States at the time of the formation of the Union and the adoption of the Constitution, they have ever abstained from any interference with southern slavery, and have steadily discountenanced all attempts of the northern federalists to excite the slaves of the South to insurrection. Although they have entertained the hope that the southern States would ere long emulate the example of the North, and rid themselves of the curse of slavery, they have steadily acknowledged their constitutional right to adhere to it, and have lost their ascendency in several of the State governments, lost their ascendency in several of the State governments, as well as much strength in Congress, by their defence of southern rights. Now it seems that the southern States are about to requite this friendly course of the northern democracy by giving the right hand of fellowship to their enemies, and placing them in possession of the government. The proper course for northern democratic members of Congress to pursue, after this, as it appears to us, is not to interfere with the abolition movements of the federalists in Congress at all, but to stand back and let them fight their own battles. We think there will be many others found to be of the same opinion.' Now it seems that the southern States are about to requite this friendly course of the northern democracy by giving the right hand of fellowship to their enemies, and placing them in possession of the government. The proper course for northern democratic members of Congress to pursue, after this, as it appears to us, is not to interfere with the abolition movements of the federalists in Congress at all, but to stand back and let them fight their own battles. not to interfere with the abolition movements of the federalists in Congress at all, but to stand back and let them fight their own battles. We think there will be many others found to be of the same opinion.' We fear the determination of democrats to let the federalists of the South and the abolitionists fight their own battles, will be generally adopted in the North. How must a northern democrat feel when he hears the hurras of the slaveholders of the South over his defeat— and that too, when his vanquisher is a rank abolitionist? We fear the determination of democrats to let the federalists of the South and the abolitionists fight their own battles, will be generally adopted in the North. How must a northern democrat feel when he hears the hurras of the slaveholders of the South over his defeat— and that too, when his vanquisher is a rank abolitionist? On this very interesting subject, a leading Illinois paper remarks: On this very interesting subject, a leading Illinois paper remarks: 'The democracy in the free States have ever made common cause with their southern brethren against the dangerous inroads of the abolitionists; but in the present contest they boldly met and fought a political combination of the abolitionists and federalists compactly united. In this unequal contest the democratic party have been overcome in nearly all the northern and western States; and it is deeply mortifying to them to reflect that the south itself has abandoned them to its own worst enemies. 'The democracy in the free States have ever made common cause with their southern brethren against the dangerous inroads of the abolitionists; but in the present contest they boldly met and fought a political combination political combination of the abolitionists and federalists compactly united. In this unequal contest the democratic party have been overcome in nearly all the northern and western States; and it is deeply mortifying to them to reflect that the south itself has abandoned them to its own worst enemies. the south itself has abandoned them to its own worst enemies. Harrison will veto no bill which Congress may pass, and will not the Congress of 1841 have before it a bill to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and to prohibit the removal of slaves from State to State? Will such a bill pass? This is the great question— for should it pass, Gen. Harrison dare not veto it. Let us look at the probable political complexion of the next Congress. Ohio, Pennsylvania, Vermont, Massachusetts, and a few other northern States, have already elected their members of Congress. At least fifty of these members were elected by the combined votes of the abolitionists and federalists. Fully one half of them are abolitionists, and the whole of them will probably vote in Congress for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, and other abolition measures. On all such measures the northern and western democratic members will hold the balance of power; and should they assume the position of neutrals, abolitionism would inevitably triumph, the South be sacrificed, and the Union itself rent asunder.' Harrison will veto no bill which Congress may pass, and will not the Congress of 1841 have before it a bill to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and to prohibit the removal of slaves from State to State? Will such a bill pass? Will such a bill pass? This is the great question— for should it pass, Gen. Harrison dare not veto it. Let us look at the probable political complexion of the next Congress. Ohio, Pennsylvania, Vermont, Massachusetts, and a few other northern States, have already elected their members of Congress. At least fifty of these members were elected by the combined votes of the abolitionists and federalists. Fully one half of them are abolitionists, and the whole of them will probably vote in Congress for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, and other abolition measures. On all such measures the northern and western democratic members will hold the balance of power; and should they assume the position of neutrals neutrals , abolitionism would inevitably triumph, the South be sacrificed, and the Union itself rent asunder.' Individually we can feel no pecuniary interest in the movements of abolitionists. We own no slaves— perhaps never will own one— yet it is our duty to lay facts before our slaveholding readers— to warn them that their rights, at least, are in danger. The federal papers designedly suppress facts necessary to enable their readers to form a correct estimate as to the progress of abolitionism, and thus their readers are kept in the dark. Slaveholders may rely on it that this is the policy of the leaders of the federal party. Individually we can feel no pecuniary interest in the movements of abolitionists. We own no slaves— perhaps never will own one— yet it is our duty to lay facts before our slaveholding readers— to warn them that their rights, at least, are in danger. The federal papers designedly suppress facts necessary to enable their readers to form a correct estimate as to the progress of abolitionism, and thus their readers are kept in the dark. Slaveholders may rely on it that this is the policy of the leaders of the federal party. 

 Oh! who has not felt, when a new year is born,A glow of delight running over his frame?When loved ones are waiting its earliest dawn,To wish him a happy new year with the same?Oh say, are there those in this land on whose earNe'er sounded the greeting,— a happy new year? Oh! who has not felt, when a new year is born,A glow of delight running over his frame?When loved ones are waiting its earliest dawn,To wish him a happy new year with the same?Oh say, are there those in this land on whose earNe'er sounded the greeting,—      a happy new year? a happy new year? Methinks of a people who sigh when the lightHas ushered to being another long year;A year on whose bosom no moment is bright,Whose nightly returnings bring sorrow and fear.Then think ye it strange that they hold it not dear,Nor welcome with gladness our happy new year? Methinks of a people who sigh when the lightHas ushered to being another long year;A year on whose bosom no moment is bright,Whose nightly returnings bring sorrow and fear.Then think ye it strange that they hold it not dear,Nor welcome with gladness our happy new year?      Methinks of the millions, who measure with painEach wearisome round of the annual sun;Whose pleasure is bondage, whose profit a chain,Whose hopes the dark grave when their journey is done.Then think ye it strange that they mark with a tearThe birth of their sad, but our happy new year? Methinks of the millions, who measure with painEach wearisome round of the annual sun;Whose pleasure is bondage, whose profit a chain,Whose hopes the dark grave when their journey is done.Then think ye it strange that they mark with a tearThe birth of their sad, but our happy new year?      New-England! far over thy valleys and hillsThe spirit of Freedom is winging her way;With peace, health, and plenty, thy measure she fills,And knowledge and virtue rejoice in her away.Then pity the bondman— his sorrowing hear;And wish him a chainless and happy new year. New-England! far over thy valleys and hillsThe spirit of Freedom is winging her way;With peace, health, and plenty, thy measure she fills,And knowledge and virtue rejoice in her away.Then pity the bondman— his sorrowing hear;And wish him a chainless and happy new year.      HANOVER, Dec. 25, 1840. HANOVER, Dec. 25, 1840. A. A. 

 We commend the following thoughts to the serious consideration of our brethren generally, and to those elected to attend the Baltimore Convention particularly. It will be seen that they come from a source which entitles them to particular respect.— Ch. Index. We commend the following thoughts to the serious consideration of our brethren generally, and to those elected to attend the Baltimore Convention particularly. It will be seen that they come from a source which entitles them to particular respect.— Ch. Index. Ch. Index. My Dear Father Mercer,— The present aspect of the abolition question threatens to disturb the union and co-operation of the Baptists in this country. It is evident, from numerous indications that parties on this question will have to assume more definite and palpable relations, at the next meeting of the General Convention, than ever heretofore; and I cannot avoid looking to the result with the deepest concern. It is chiefly important to us, that in taking up our position, (which we must do at that time) we should select a ground on which all may unite, and from which we shall not need to remove on any account, whether for the sake of right, or expediency— of self-defence, or conscience, or of Christian union. I need not express to you the reasons why I think that such propositions, as have yet appeared at the South, for the adjustment of this delicate and serious question, do not properly meet the case. My opinions may be crude and faulty, and peculiar to myself; but it is of unspeakable importance, in my view, that before the delegates to the next Triennial Convention shall have come together, those who are from the South should meet, and confer, and take their ground deliberately and in the fear of God, by common consent. My Dear Father Mercer My Dear Father Mercer ,— The present aspect of the abolition question threatens to disturb the union and co-operation of the Baptists in this country. It is evident, from numerous indications that parties on this question will have to assume more definite and palpable relations, at the next meeting of the General Convention, than ever heretofore; and I cannot avoid looking to the result with the deepest concern. It is chiefly important to us, that in taking up our position, (which we must do must do at that time) we should select a ground on which all may unite, and from which we shall not need to remove on any account, whether for the sake of right, or expediency— of self-defence, or conscience, or of Christian union. I need not express to you the reasons why I think that such propositions, as have yet appeared at the South, for the adjustment of this delicate and serious question, do not properly meet the case. My opinions may be crude and faulty, and peculiar to myself; but it is of unspeakable importance, in my view, that before the delegates to the next Triennial Convention shall have come together, those who are from the South should meet, and confer, and take their ground deliberately and in the fear of God, by common consent. In conversation between bro. Dagg and myself, the other day, it was agreed to make the suggestion to several of our brethren, and get their views. In conversation between bro. Dagg and myself, the other day, it was agreed to make the suggestion to several of our brethren, and get their views. The suggestion, in form, would be this: The suggestion, in form, would be this: That all those delegates to the next Triennial Convention (to assemble in Baltimore, April 1841,) which may be from the slaveholding States, do meet and hold a separate preparatory Convention, in the city of Richmond, Va., on the Wednesday next preceding the Triennial meeting, for the distinct and sole purpose of conferring together on the slavery question, and determining on the position proper to be assumed by them, when meeting their brethren in the General Convention. That all those delegates to the next Triennial Convention (to assemble in Baltimore, April 1841,) which may be from the slaveholding States, do meet and hold a separate preparatory Convention, in the city of Richmond, Va., on the Wednesday next preceding the Triennial meeting, for the distinct and sole purpose of conferring together on the slavery question, and determining on the position proper to be assumed by them, when meeting their brethren in the General Convention. If you think proper, you are at liberty to give publicity to this suggestion. If you think proper, you are at liberty to give publicity to this suggestion. With reverence and affection, With reverence and affection, Most truly yours, Most truly yours, B. MANLY. B. MANLY. 

 The election for a Representative to Congress, in the Tenth District, will take place on the 10th instant. The regular candidates are Nathaniel B. Borden, (whig,) and Henry Williams, (democratic.) The 'third party' candidate is George W. Johnson, a new organizationist, we suppose— for we have never heard of him as an abolitionist, until recently. The 'Abolitionist' is making strenuous efforts once more to prevent a choice; and to effect this object, new organization has mustered as many clerical politicians as possible to harangue the people of the District, in opposition to the claims of Mr. Borden— to wit— 'Rev. Mr. Phelps,' 'Rev. Mr. Torrey,' 'Rev. Mr. Lee,' 'Rev. Joshua Leavitt,' and we know not how many more of the same cloth. To carry out the farce to the height of the ridiculous, a 'prize banner" is to be given, by some of the seceders from the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society, to the town which shall give the highest number of votes for Johnson!! We cannot believe that any clear-sighted, reflecting, sagacious friend of the anti-slavery cause will be caught by any such trick or device. The opposition to the election of Mr. Borden assumes the guise of uncompromising abolitionism; but, in our opinion, it mainly grow out of the fact, that Mr. B. is a Vice President of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, and also President of the Fall River Society— and, of course, has no sympathy with that sectarian faction which is seeking to excite an Ishmaelitish spirit in the anti-slavery ranks. When the plotters against the unity of our enterprise— the men who have resorted to every kind of misrepresentation to accomplish their disorganizing purpose— the Vandal enemies of the broad platform of human rights— the seceders from old constitutional abolitionism— when such men pretend to be jealous of the integrity, and anxious for the success of the anti-slavery cause, to the sacrifice of all other considerations, he must be shallow indeed who can be duped by their political artifices. The election for a Representative to Congress, in the Tenth District, will take place on the 10th instant. The regular candidates are Nathaniel B. Borden, (whig,) and Henry Williams, (democratic.) The 'third party' candidate is George W. Johnson, a new organizationist, we suppose— for we have never heard of him as an abolitionist, until recently. The 'Abolitionist' is making strenuous efforts once more to prevent a choice; and to effect this object, new organization has mustered as many clerical politicians as possible to harangue the people of the District, in opposition to the claims of Mr. Borden— to wit— 'Rev. Mr. Phelps,' 'Rev. Mr. Torrey,' 'Rev. Mr. Lee,' 'Rev. Joshua Leavitt,' and we know not how many more of the same cloth. To carry out the farce to the height of the ridiculous, a 'prize banner" is to be given, by some of the seceders from the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society, to the town which shall give the highest number of votes for Johnson!! We cannot believe that any clear-sighted, reflecting, sagacious friend of the anti-slavery cause will be caught by any such trick or device. The opposition to the election of Mr. Borden assumes the guise of uncompromising abolitionism; but, in our opinion, it mainly grow out of the fact, that Mr. B. is a Vice President of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, and also President of the Fall River Society— and, of course, has no sympathy with that sectarian faction which is seeking to excite an Ishmaelitish spirit in the anti-slavery ranks. When the plotters against the unity of our enterprise— the men who have resorted to every kind of misrepresentation to accomplish their disorganizing purpose— the Vandal enemies of the broad platform of human rights— the seceders from old constitutional abolitionism— when such men pretend to be jealous of the integrity, and anxious for the success of the anti-slavery cause, to the sacrifice of all other considerations, he must be shallow indeed who can be duped by their political artifices. Though we regret that Mr. Borden voted in favor of the election of Harrison and Tyler, and, with our views of duty, think that in so doing he departed from the true anti-slavery standard, yet we are not disposed to abandon him any more than we are such men as George Bradburn of Nantucket, and John Rankin of Ohio, both of whom committed the same error, tho' their reasoning was different from our own, but whose intentional fidelity to our cause is unquestionable. We therefore hope Mr. Borden will be elected. Though we regret that Mr. Borden voted in favor of the election of Harrison and Tyler, and, with our views of duty, think that in so doing he departed from the true anti-slavery standard, yet we are not disposed to abandon him any more than we are such men as George Bradburn of Nantucket, and John Rankin of Ohio, both of whom committed the same error, tho' their reasoning was different from our own, but whose intentional fidelity to our cause is unquestionable. We therefore hope Mr. Borden will be elected. 

 Federal abolition is rearing a bold front in Dauphin county. The Arthur Tappanists, or real amalgamationists, have nominated Musser, a thorough going abolitionist, for the legislature, to pass abolition laws— John A. Wier, for prothonotary, to advance the cause in that office— and a whole-hog abolitionist and amalgamationist, named Flowers, for the office of register and recorder, to lecture, as he did not long ago, farmers of the country into the beautie of MARRYING their SONS AND DAUGITERS to WOOLLY-HEADED NEGROE. Farmers of Dauphin county, are you in favor of oputting negroes on an equality with whites? Are you in favor of making them officers, jurymen, judges, sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, and equals of yourselves and your posterity? If you are, then vote [ ] the abolition ticket, and show that you are the friends of the cause. If you are not favorable to the things, vote against it. Remember that this fellow Flowers, was an officer or contractor, on the [ ] canal, where NEGROES were preferred to [ ] DEMOCRATS. So much for the beautie of abolition!!— Harrisbarg Keystone. Federal abolition is rearing a bold front in Dauphin county. The Arthur Tappanists, or real amalgamationists, have nominated Musser, a thorough going abolitionist, for the legislature, to pass abolition laws— John A. Wier, for prothonotary, to advance the cause in that office— and a whole-hog abolitionist and amalgamationist, named Flowers, for the office of register and recorder, to lecture, as he did not long ago, farmers of the country into the beautie of MARRYING their SONS AND DAUGITERS to WOOLLY-HEADED NEGROE. Farmers of Dauphin county, are you in favor of oputting negroes on an equality with whites? Are you in favor of making them officers, jurymen, judges, sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, and equals of yourselves and your posterity? If you are, then vote [ ] the abolition ticket, and show that you are the friends of the cause. If you are not favorable to the things, vote against it. Remember that this fellow Flowers, was an officer or contractor, on the [ ] canal, where NEGROES were preferred to [ ] DEMOCRATS. So much for the beautie of abolition!!— H arrisbarg Keystone. arrisbarg Keystone. 

 We advise all our anti-slavery friends in this quarter, who wish to make a beautiful and acceptable New Year's gift to any of their acquaintance, to purchase copies of the LIBERTY BELL, for 1841. It has been got up with elegance and taste; and its contents are much above mediocrity. The first article in it is on 'England and America,' from the pen of the Rev. Benjamin Godwin of England, a name that stands high on the anti-slavery lists on both sides of the Atlantic. Its spirit is excellent, its style uncommonly pure, its award to both countries impartial, and its appeal persuasive and eloquent. The other contributors are Pierpont, Bowring, Mr. and Mrs. Child, Maria W. Chapman, Harriet Martineau, Eliza Lee Follen, Harriet Winslow, Anne W. Weston, Henrietta Sargent, Edmund Quincy, Wendell Phillips, W.L. Garrison, &c. The essay on the London Convention is from the pen of Lady Byron. There is a stirring poetical effusion without signature, entitled 'The Trump of Jubilee,' the author of which is understood to be a younger brother of C.C. Burleigh, a poet of uncommon promise. For some poetical selections from this useful annual, see our last column. Other extracts will be given hereafter. We advise all our anti-slavery friends in this quarter, who wish to make a beautiful and acceptable New Year's gift to any of their acquaintance, to purchase copies of the LIBERTY BELL, for 1841. It has been got up with elegance and taste; and its contents are much above mediocrity. The first article in it is on 'England and America,' from the pen of the Rev. Benjamin Godwin of England, a name that stands high on the anti-slavery lists on both sides of the Atlantic. Its spirit is excellent, its style uncommonly pure, its award to both countries impartial, and its appeal persuasive and eloquent. The other contributors are Pierpont, Bowring, Mr. and Mrs. Child, Maria W. Chapman, Harriet Martineau, Eliza Lee Follen, Harriet Winslow, Anne W. Weston, Henrietta Sargent, Edmund Quincy, Wendell Phillips, W.L. Garrison, &c. The essay on the London Convention is from the pen of Lady Byron. There is a stirring poetical effusion without signature, entitled 'The Trump of Jubilee,' the author of which is understood to be a younger brother of C.C. Burleigh, a poet of uncommon promise. For some poetical selections from this useful annual, see our last column. Other extracts will be given hereafter. 

 The following are Dr. Channing's views of the Third Political Party movement, as expressed in his recent work on Emancipation: The following are Dr. Channing's views of the Third Political Party movement, as expressed in his recent work on Emancipation: Having spoken of the individual, I proceed to speak of the duties of the free States, in their political capacity, in regard to slavery; and these may be reduced to two heads, both of them negative. The first is, to abstain as rigidly from the use of political power against slavery in the States where it is established, as from exercising it against slavery in foreign communities. The second is, to free ourselves from all obligation to use the powers of the national or State governments in any manner whatever for the support of slavery. Having spoken of the individual, I proceed to speak of the duties of the free States, in their political capacity, in regard to slavery; and these may be reduced to two heads, both of them negative. The first is, to abstain as rigidly from the use of political power against slavery in the States where it is established, as from exercising it against slavery in foreign communities. The second is, to free ourselves from all obligation to use the powers of the national or State governments in any manner whatever for the support of slavery. The first duty is clear. In regard to slavery, the southern States stand on the ground of foreign communities. They are not subject or responsible to us more than these. No state sovereignty can intermeddle with the institutions of another. We might as legitimately spread our legislation over the schools, churches, or persons of the South, as over their slaves. And in regard to the general government, we know that it was not intended to confer any power, direct or indirect, on the free, over the slave States. Any pretension to such power, on the part of the North, would have dissolved immediately the Convention, which framed the Constitution. Any act of the free States, when assembled in Congress, for the abolition of slavery in other States, would be a violation of the national compact, and would be just cause of complaint. The first duty is clear. In regard to slavery, the southern States stand on the ground of foreign communities. They are not subject or responsible to us more than these. No state sovereignty can intermeddle with the institutions of another. We might as legitimately spread our legislation over the schools, churches, or persons of the South, as over their slaves. And in regard to the general government, we know that it was not intended to confer any power, direct or indirect, on the free, over the slave States. Any pretension to such power, on the part of the North, would have dissolved immediately the Convention, which framed the Constitution. Any act of the free States, when assembled in Congress, for the abolition of slavery in other States, would be a violation of the national compact, and would be just cause of complaint. On this account, I cannot but regret the disposition of a part of our abolitionists to organize themselves into a political party. Were it indeed their simple purpose to free the North from all obligation to give support to slavery, I should agree with them in their end, though not in their means. By looking, as they do, to political organization, as a means of putting down the institution in other States, they lay themselves open to reproach. I know, indeed, that excellent men are engaged in this movement, and I acquit them of all disposition to transcend the limits of the federal constitution. But it is to be feared, that they, may construe this instrument too literally; that, forgetting its spirit, they may seek to use its powers for purposes very remote from its original design. Their failure is almost inevitable. By extending their agency beyond its true bounds, they ensure its defeat in its legitimate sphere. By assuming a political character, they lose the reputation of honest enthusiasts, and come to be considered as hypocritical seekers after place and power. Should they, in opposition to all probability, become a formidable party, they would unite the slaveholding States as one man; and the South, always able, when so united, to link with itself a party at the North, would rule the country as before. On this account, I cannot but regret the disposition of a part of our abolitionists to organize themselves into a political party. Were it indeed their simple purpose to free the North from all obligation to give support to slavery, I should agree with them in their end, though not in their means. By looking, as they do, to political organization, as a means of putting down the institution in other States, they lay themselves open to reproach. I know, indeed, that excellent men are engaged in this movement, and I acquit them of all disposition to transcend the limits of the federal constitution. But it is to be feared, that they, may construe this instrument too literally; that, forgetting its spirit, they may seek to use its powers for purposes very remote from its original design. Their failure is almost inevitable. By extending their agency beyond its true bounds, they ensure its defeat in its legitimate sphere. By assuming a political character, they lose the reputation of honest enthusiasts, and come to be considered as hypocritical seekers after place and power. Should they, in opposition to all probability, become a formidable party, they would unite the slaveholding States as one man; and the South, always able, when so united, to link with itself a party at the North, would rule the country as before. No association, like the abolitionists, formed for a particular end, can, by becoming a political organization, rise to power. If it can contrive to perpetuate itself, it will provoke contempt by the disproportion of its means to its ends; but the probability is, that it will be swallowed up in the whirlpool of one or the other of the great national parties, from whose fury hardly any thing escapes. These mighty forces sweep all lesser political organizations before them. And these are to be robbed of their pernicious power, not by forming a third party, but by the increase of intelligence and virtue in the community, and by the silent flowing together of reflecting, upright, independent men, who will feel themselves bound to throw off the shackles of party; who will refuse any longer to neutralize their moral influence by coalition with the self-seeking, the hollow-hearted, and the double-tongued; whose bond of union will be, the solemn purpose to speak the truth without adulteration, to adhere to the right without compromise, to support good measures and discountenance bad, come from what quarter they may, to be just to all parties, and to expose alike the corruptions of all. There are now among us good and true men enough to turn the balance on all great questions, would they but confide in principle, and be loyal to it in word and deed. Under their influence, newspapers might be established, in which men and measures of all parties would be tried without fear or favor by the moral, Christian law; and this revolution of the press would do more than all things for the political regeneration of the country. The people would learn from it, that whilst boasting of liberty, they are used as puppets and tools; that popular sovereignty, with all its paper bulwarks, is a show rather than a substance, as long as party despotism endures. It is by such a broad, generous improvement of society, that our present political organizations are to be put down, and not by a third party on a narrow basis, and which, instead of embracing all the interests of the country, confines itself to a single point. No association, like the abolitionists, formed for a particular end, can, by becoming a political organization, rise to power. If it can contrive to perpetuate itself, it will provoke contempt by the disproportion of its means to its ends; but the probability is, that it will be swallowed up in the whirlpool of one or the other of the great national parties, from whose fury hardly any thing escapes. These mighty forces sweep all lesser political organizations before them. And these are to be robbed of their pernicious power, not by forming a third party, but by the increase of intelligence and virtue in the community, and by the silent flowing together of reflecting, upright, independent men, who will feel themselves bound to throw off the shackles of party; who will refuse any longer to neutralize their moral influence by coalition with the self-seeking, the hollow-hearted, and the double-tongued; whose bond of union will be, the solemn purpose to speak the truth without adulteration, to adhere to the right without compromise, to support good measures and discountenance bad, come from what quarter they may, to be just to all parties, and to expose alike the corruptions of all. There are now among us good and true men enough to turn the balance on all great questions, would they but confide in principle, and be loyal to it in word and deed. Under their influence, newspapers might be established, in which men and measures of all parties would be tried without fear or favor by the moral, Christian law; and this revolution of the press would do more than all things for the political regeneration of the country. The people would learn from it, that whilst boasting of liberty, they are used as puppets and tools; that popular sovereignty, with all its paper bulwarks, is a show rather than a substance, as long as party despotism endures. It is by such a broad, generous improvement of society, that our present political organizations are to be put down, and not by a third party on a narrow basis, and which, instead of embracing all the interests of the country, confines itself to a single point. I cannot but express again regret at the willingness of the abolitionists to rely on and pursue political power. Their strength has always lain in the simplicity of their religious trust, in their confidence in Christian truth. Formerly, the hope sometimes crossed my mind, that, by enlarging their views and purifying their spirit, they would gradually become a religious community, founded on the recognition of God as the common, equal Father of all mankind, on the recognition of Jesus Christ as having lived and died to unite to himself and to baptize with his spirit every human soul, and on the recognition of the brotherhood of all the members of God's human family. There are signs that Christians are tending, however slowly, toward a church, in which these great ideas of Christianity will be realized; in which a spiritual reverence for God, and for the human soul, will take place of the customary homage paid to outward distinctions; and in which our present narrow sects will be swallowed up. I thought, that I saw in the principles with which the abolitionists started, a struggling of the human mind toward this Christian union. It is truly a disappointment to see so many of their number becoming a political party, an association almost always corrupting, and most justly suspected on account of the sacrifices of truth, and honor, and moral independence, which it extorts even from well-disposed men. Their proper work is to act on all parties, to support each as far as it shall be true to human rights, to gather laborers for the good cause from all bodies, civil and religious, and to hold forth this cause as a universal interest, and not as the property or stepping stone of a narrow association. I cannot but express again regret at the willingness of the abolitionists to rely on and pursue political power. Their strength has always lain in the simplicity of their religious trust, in their confidence in Christian truth. Formerly, the hope sometimes crossed my mind, that, by enlarging their views and purifying their spirit, they would gradually become a religious community, founded on the recognition of God as the common, equal Father of all mankind, on the recognition of Jesus Christ as having lived and died to unite to himself and to baptize with his spirit every human soul, and on the recognition of the brotherhood of all the members of God's human family. There are signs that Christians are tending, however slowly, toward a church, in which these great ideas of Christianity will be realized; in which a spiritual reverence for God, and for the human soul, will take place of the customary homage paid to outward distinctions; and in which our present narrow sects will be swallowed up. I thought, that I saw in the principles with which the abolitionists started, a struggling of the human mind toward this Christian union. It is truly a disappointment to see so many of their number becoming a political party, an association almost always corrupting, and most justly suspected on account of the sacrifices of truth, and honor, and moral independence, which it extorts even from well-disposed men. Their proper work is to act on all parties, to support each as far as it shall be true to human rights, to gather laborers for the good cause from all bodies, civil and religious, and to hold forth this cause as a universal interest, and not as the property or stepping stone of a narrow association. I know that it is said, that nothing but this political action can put down slavery. Then slavery must continue; and if we faithfully do our part as Christians, we are not responsible for its continuance. We are not to feel as if we were bound to put it down by any and every means. We do not speak as Christians, when we say that slavery must and shall fall. Who are we, to dictate thus to Omnipotence? It has pleased the mysterious providence of God, that terrible evils should be left to overshadow the earth for ages. 'How long, O Lord!' has been the secret cry extorted from good men by the crimes of the world, for six thousand years. On the philanthropist of this age, the same sad burden is laid, and it cannot be removed. We must not feel, that were slavery destroyed, paradise would be restored. As in our own souls the conquest of one evil passion reveals to us new spiritual foes, so in society, one great evil hides in its shadow others perhaps as fearful, and its fall only summons us to new efforts for the redemption of the race. We know indeed, that good is to triumph over evil in this world; that 'Christ must reign, till he shall put all enemies beneath his feet,' or until his Spirit shall triumph over the spirit, oppressions, corruptions of the world. Let us then work against all wrong, but with a calm, solemn earnestness, not with vehemence and tumult. Let us work with deep reverence and filial trust toward God, and not in the proud impetuosity of our own wills. Happy the day, when such laborers shall be gathered by an inward attraction into one church or brotherhood, whose badge, creed, spirit, shall be universal love. This will be the true kingdom of God on earth, and its might will infinitely transcend political power. I know that it is said, that nothing but this political action can put down slavery. Then slavery must continue; and if we faithfully do our part as Christians, we are not responsible for its continuance. We are not to feel as if we were bound to put it down by any and every means. We do not speak as Christians, when we say that slavery must must and shall shall fall. Who are we, to dictate thus to Omnipotence? It has pleased the mysterious providence of God, that terrible evils should be left to overshadow the earth for ages. 'How long, O Lord!' has been the secret cry extorted from good men by the crimes of the world, for six thousand years. On the philanthropist of this age, the same sad burden is laid, and it cannot be removed. We must not feel, that were slavery destroyed, paradise would be restored. As in our own souls the conquest of one evil passion reveals to us new spiritual foes, so in society, one great evil hides in its shadow others perhaps as fearful, and its fall only summons us to new efforts for the redemption of the race. We know indeed, that good is to triumph over evil in this world; that 'Christ must reign, till he shall put all enemies beneath his feet,' or until his Spirit shall triumph over the spirit, oppressions, corruptions of the world. Let us then work against all wrong, but with a calm, solemn earnestness, not with vehemence and tumult. Let us work with deep reverence and filial trust toward God, and not in the proud impetuosity of our own wills. Happy the day, when such laborers shall be gathered by an inward attraction into one church or brotherhood, whose badge, creed, spirit, shall be universal love. This will be the true kingdom of God on earth, and its might will infinitely transcend political power. 

 The minute and graphic account of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair and Soiree, held in this city last week, from the pen of Mrs. Chapman, which we have placed in another column, renders it wholly needless for us to go over the same ground. Nothing is gained, but much lost, by attempting to gild refined gold or paint the lily. Suffice it to say, that the most sanguine expectations have been greatly surpassed; for, notwithstanding our anti-slavery divisions, and the holding of a rival Fair in this city a short time since, under false colors, the total amount received, it will be perceived by the acknowledgement of the Treasurer of the State Society, was upwards of TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS— a larger sum by five hundred dollars than was ever received on a similar occasion. Truly, in zeal, in labor, in self sacrifice, in tireless activity, the anti-slavery women of the Commonwealth leave the men far in the back ground. They deserve more encomiums than it would be easy to find room to bestow. The minute and graphic account of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair and Soiree, held in this city last week, from the pen of Mrs. Chapman, which we have placed in another column, renders it wholly needless for us to go over the same ground. Nothing is gained, but much lost, by attempting to gild refined gold or paint the lily. Suffice it to say, that the most sanguine expectations have been greatly surpassed; for, notwithstanding our anti-slavery divisions, and the holding of a rival Fair in this city a short time since, under false colors, the total amount received, it will be perceived by the acknowledgement of the Treasurer of the State Society, was upwards of TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS— a larger sum by five hundred dollars than was ever received on a similar occasion. Truly, in zeal, in labor, in self sacrifice, in tireless activity, the anti-slavery women of the Commonwealth leave the men far in the back ground. They deserve more encomiums than it would be easy to find room to bestow. The Soiree was, in fact, the first 'World's Convention that the world has ever seen. It was a complete realization of the anti-slavery Ides of Humanity— all distinctions of complexion, caste, party, denomination, and sex, were forgotten; and a more delightful spectacle, or pleasurable occasion, it has never been our happiness to witness. All present seemed to have been drawn into one spirit, and their joy was complete. The crowded assembly was addressed in the most animated and pleasing manner by Ellis Gray Loring, George Bradburn, Cyrus Pierce, Samuel J. May, J.V. Himes, Thomas Jinnings, C.M. Burleigh, M.W. Chapman, and others; and so deeply interested were all present, that the assembly did not break up till one o'clock in the morning. Mrs. Chapman took notes of the several speeches; but, in consequence of her absence from the country, we regret to say that we shall not be able to furnish our readers with them. The Soiree was, in fact, the first 'World's Convention that the world has ever seen. It was a complete realization of the anti-slavery Ides of Humanity— all distinctions of complexion, caste, party, denomination, and sex, were forgotten; and a more delightful spectacle, or pleasurable occasion, it has never been our happiness to witness. All present seemed to have been drawn into one spirit, and their joy was complete. The crowded assembly was addressed in the most animated and pleasing manner by Ellis Gray Loring, George Bradburn, Cyrus Pierce, Samuel J. May, J.V. Himes, Thomas Jinnings, C.M. Burleigh, M.W. Chapman, and others; and so deeply interested were all present, that the assembly did not break up till one o'clock in the morning. Mrs. Chapman took notes of the several speeches; but, in consequence of her absence from the country, we regret to say that we shall not be able to furnish our readers with them. [ ] [ ] 

 We hold the balance of power. That is all we ever ought to hold in politics. New organization is not content with the balance of power; it longs for the power itself. Or rather it is driven to this project for employment. It must have something to do. It can't put down old organization. That is pretty clear by this time. Then, what? Why it won't do to own beat, and confess that it was mad and wicked to secede. That is humiliating, and new organization has no humility. It must keep the field, and so it runs into this miserable scheme of politics,— which is what the other politicians always charged on us— judging us by themselves. But let the politicians, one and all, know and hear this, that this party movement is not the anti-slavery movement. The anti-slavery movement is a moral movement still, as it was at the beginning. The secession were not of us— therefore they went out from us. They are not abolitionists. They are opposed to slavery only after a sort. So is all the North— and all the South, too. New organization rather have slavery, than work with Garrison, for instance. Brother Curtis rather have slavery, than to have us edit the Herald of Freedom, or than bear the reproach of being our anti-slavery associate. But an abolitionist will work with any abolitionist. He will bear with an abolitionist, and if he has faults, he won't readily desert him as an anti-slavery man. And if any abolitionist moves faster than sect is willing he should, he will reprove sect for it, and not the abolitionist. Not so with new organization. If it can't control the anti-slavery movement, it will desert— and then, for want of occasion, it will strike off into politics, or some other 'bye and forbidden way.' We hold the balance of power. That is all we ever ought to hold in politics. New organization is not content with the balance balance of power; it longs for the power power itself. Or rather it is driven to this project for employment. It must have something to do. It can't put down old organization. That is pretty clear by this time. Then, what? Why it won't do to own beat, and confess that it was mad and wicked to secede. That is humiliating, and new organization has no humility. It must keep the field, and so it runs into this miserable scheme of politics,— which is what the other politicians always charged on us— judging judging us by themselves. by themselves. But let the politicians, one and all, know and hear this, that this party movement is not the anti-slavery movement. The anti-slavery movement is a moral movement still, as it was at the beginning. The secession were not of us— therefore they went out from us. They are not abolitionists. They are opposed to slavery only after a sort. So is all the North— and all the South, too. New organization rather have slavery, than work with Garrison, for instance. Brother Curtis rather have slavery, than to have us edit the Herald of Freedom, or than bear the reproach of being our anti-slavery associate. But an abolitionist will work with any abolitionist. He will bear with an abolitionist, and if he has faults, he won't readily desert him as an anti-slavery man. And if any abolitionist moves faster than sect is willing he should, he will reprove sect for it, and not the abolitionist. Not so with new organization. If it can't control the anti-slavery movement, it will desert— and then, for want of occasion, it will strike off into politics, or some other 'bye and forbidden way.' 'The balance of power.' That we hold— and we can control the political power of the nation, to all possible anti-slavery intents and purposes. We can make it do homage to our principles by nominating the abolitionists in its ranks to office, instead of mobbing them. We don't say this will do them any good. We think a rotten egg dashed right into the face and eyes of an abolitionist does him more good than a political nomination. When the mob dasned in the windows of the old Town Hall in this place, and shed the powdered glass into General Hoyt's eye, it did his soul more good than all the political nominations in the world. You could not have got him to secede that night, if all the women in the world had got up and spoke in meeting— and all the Garrisons in the world had, with all their non-resistance and Quaker notions of Sabbath, and ministry and church organization, stood on the old Society, and claimed to be genuine friends of anti-slavery. Brother Hoyt never would have seceded with the blood streaming from that glass wound in his eye-ball, if the Herald of Freedom had set the abolition cause above the cause of sect and of politics both— for doing which, the General has stopt the Herald, and joined the enemy. Whether his nomination for Congress, as one of our scattering ticket of 1839, revived the old politician in the General, so that he could not stand his anti-slavery hand any longer or not, we won't say. He was a politician— he was nominated; and, although when the mob shed his blood in the old Town Hall, it only changed his contribution from $25 to $50, he has since, although our Society moves only right straight on in the track it then went in, faltered and seceded. If he knows why, and we don't conjecture right when we suppose politics the cause, he can tell why. We will publish his why and wherefore, if he will write it. 'The balance of power.' That we hold— and we can control the political power of the nation, to all possible anti-slavery anti-slavery intents and purposes. We can make it do homage to our principles by nominating the abolitionists in its ranks to office, instead of mobbing them. We don't say this will do them any good. We think a rotten egg dashed right into the face and eyes of an abolitionist does him more good than a political nomination. When the mob dasned in the windows of the old Town Hall in this place, and shed the powdered glass into General Hoyt's eye, it did his soul more good than all the political nominations in the world. You could not have got him to secede that night, if all the women in the world had got up and spoke in meeting— and all the Garrisons in the world had, with all their non-resistance and Quaker notions of Sabbath, and ministry and church organization, stood on the old Society, and claimed to be genuine friends of anti-slavery. Brother Hoyt never would have seceded with the blood streaming from that glass wound in his eye-ball, if the Herald of Freedom had set the abolition cause above the cause of sect and of politics both— for doing which, the General has stopt the Herald, and joined the enemy. Whether his nomination for Congress, as one of our scattering ticket of 1839, revived the old politician in the General, so that he could not stand his anti-slavery hand any longer or not, we won't say. He was a politician— he was nominated; and, although when the mob shed his blood in the old Town Hall, it only changed his contribution from $25 to $50, he has since, although our Society moves only right straight on in the track it then went in, faltered and seceded. If he knows why, and we don't conjecture right when we suppose politics the cause, he can tell why. We will publish his why and wherefore, if he will write it. 'The balance of power.' That is anti-slavery political power, and the measure of it, and the extent of it. It is all we ought to have, and all we ought to aspire after, and all we ought to exercise— if we have ever so much. The cause can bear no more— if it can that. The question need not be raised here whether it can that, or rather whether the exercise of that will promote our cause. Instead of exercising this balance power, new organization wants a scale of its own, into which to throw its insignificant puff-ball weight of numbers, and go up against the beam with a speed to knock its brains out— if it had them in. It wants to set us a scale of its own, like the other parties and 'nations round about.' Instead of prudently casting its make-weight into the scale of that political party, which will do homage to anti-slavery, or holding it firmly and honestly in reserve, and in such palpable good faith, that both parties shall respect it, and both do homage to anti-slavery, when its political power would be irresistible, it hangs out a scale of its own, and dropping its moral power and moral character, puts on the political, and leaps in with its feather's weight of numbers, and 'kicks the beam' to the contempt and derision of the world— and then with all commendable grit and spunk, gets up to try it again. Let it try, if it must. 'The balance of power.' That is anti-slavery political power, and the measure of it, and the extent of it. It is all we ought to have, and all we ought to aspire after, and all we ought to exercise— if we have ever so much. The cause can bear no more— if it can that. The question need not be raised here whether it can that, or rather whether the exercise of that will promote our cause. Instead of exercising this balance balance power, new organization wants a scale of its own, into which to throw its insignificant puff-ball weight of numbers, and go up against the beam with a speed to knock its brains out— if it had them in. It wants to set us a scale of its own, like the other parties parties and ' nations round about. nations round about. ' Instead of prudently casting its make-weight into the scale of that political party, which will do homage to anti-slavery, or holding it firmly and honestly in reserve, and in such palpable good faith, that both parties shall respect it, and both both do homage to anti-slavery, when its political power would be irresistible, it hangs out a scale of its own, and dropping its moral power and moral character, puts on the political, and leaps in with its feather's weight of numbers, and 'kicks the beam' to the contempt and derision of the world— and then with all commendable grit and spunk, gets up to try it again. Let it try, if it must. 

 This seventh annual effort for the extension of the principles of freedom has been, in the quantity of goods contributed, the amount of the sales, the numbers engaged in it from various parts of the country, the crowds who came to purchase, the heart-felt affection for each other, and in the ardent devotedness and fidelity to the cause, the most encouraging and strengthening, the most brilliant and successful of all. This seventh annual effort for the extension of the principles of freedom has been, in the quantity of goods contributed, the amount of the sales, the numbers engaged in it from various parts of the country, the crowds who came to purchase, the heart-felt affection for each other, and in the ardent devotedness and fidelity to the cause, the most encouraging and strengthening, the most brilliant and successful of all. The Marlborough Hall presented a cheering sight to the eyes of those who love our cause. The Marlborough Hall presented a cheering sight to the eyes of those who love our cause. More than forty towns were active on the occasion in sending liberal donations of articles, and from most of them came in person, devoted friends of the cause; men and women who have felt that to spend and be spent in the service of Freedom is gain unspeakable. A plan of the Hall has been affixed to give at a glance to the absent friends, an idea of the arrangements on the occasion. At the head of the host stood Nantucket; unrivalled, whether in the profusion, beauty and variety of her offering. Coral and shells, spermaceti castings, all manner of rich quilted and comfortable work, Sandwich Island manufacturers and curiosities, all arranged and managed with a taste and exactitude that charmed every beholder. $450 was the fair valuation of her donation to the cause. Next came Roxbury and Salem, Haverhill and Lynn, and it would be difficult to say which presented the most attractive features of usefulness and beauty to the purchaser. The three different models of cottages, of beautiful architectural proportion and perfect finish, on a scale of a quarter of an inch to a foot, were a great attraction toward the Lynn table, where, after having admired the ornamental, the purchaser found every variety of shoe and morocco work, executed with a neatness which secured constant custom. The highly finished work-baskets of Salem, the sparkling bead-work of Haverhill, the fur and silk work of Roxbury, added much to the beauty and receipts of the Fair. There was Hingham, with its wooden ware, and finely wrought muslin; there was Duxbury, with its unrivalled needle-work; Foxborough and Wrentham, with their straw manufacture; Weymouth, with quilted silk bonnets and muff bags; and Abington, with its supplies for the wardrobe. Concord and Lexington came with light hands and heavy purses. Their market had been made before they came, and their funds were applied by their request to the Liberty Bell. Plymouth came in strength. $104 was the valuation of its donation, and yet it had but just devoted $80 to the promulgation of anti-slavery principles at home. They are, indeed, abolitionists at Plymouth. Kingston was honored by its liberality; iron castings of toys, utensils for dolls' kitchens, tabourets, and a vast variety of small articles, tastefully arranged upon a Christmas tree, a shepherd boy with a flock of sheep, aprons, caps, frills without end, drew a crowd around its table. A variety of beautiful articles from Worcester and the neighboring towns, were likewise displayed here. A box of butter from Mr. Child, and of beet sugar candy from Mrs. Child, were swept off instantly. Maple sugar candy was sent in from an unknown hand. More than forty towns were active on the occasion in sending liberal donations of articles, and from most of them came in person, devoted friends of the cause; men and women who have felt that to spend and be spent in the service of Freedom is gain unspeakable. A plan of the Hall has been affixed to give at a glance to the absent friends, an idea of the arrangements on the occasion. At the head of the host stood Nantucket; unrivalled, whether in the profusion, beauty and variety of her offering. Coral and shells, spermaceti castings, all manner of rich quilted and comfortable work, Sandwich Island manufacturers and curiosities, all arranged and managed with a taste and exactitude that charmed every beholder. $450 was the fair valuation of her donation to the cause. Next came Roxbury and Salem, Haverhill and Lynn, and it would be difficult to say which presented the most attractive features of usefulness and beauty to the purchaser. The three different models of cottages, of beautiful architectural proportion and perfect finish, on a scale of a quarter of an inch to a foot, were a great attraction toward the Lynn table, where, after having admired the ornamental, the purchaser found every variety of shoe and morocco work, executed with a neatness which secured constant custom. The highly finished work-baskets of Salem, the sparkling bead-work of Haverhill, the fur and silk work of Roxbury, added much to the beauty and receipts of the Fair. There was Hingham, with its wooden ware, and finely wrought muslin; there was Duxbury, with its unrivalled needle-work; Foxborough and Wrentham, with their straw manufacture; Weymouth, with quilted silk bonnets and muff bags; and Abington, with its supplies for the wardrobe. Concord and Lexington came with light hands and heavy purses. Their market had been made before they came, and their funds were applied by their request to the Liberty Bell. Plymouth came in strength. $104 was the valuation of its donation, and yet it had but just devoted $80 to the promulgation of anti-slavery principles at home. They are, indeed, abolitionists at Plymouth. Kingston was honored by its liberality; iron castings of toys, utensils for dolls' kitchens, tabourets, and a vast variety of small articles, tastefully arranged upon a Christmas tree, a shepherd boy with a flock of sheep, aprons, caps, frills without end, drew a crowd around its table. A variety of beautiful articles from Worcester and the neighboring towns, were likewise displayed here. A box of butter from Mr. Child, and of beet sugar candy from Mrs. Child, were swept off instantly. Maple sugar candy was sent in from an unknown hand. There was nothing intolerant here. Every sect and opinion, sex and color, united in this labor, and participated in the pleasure. Here, for instance, was plenty of confectionary, jellies, meats, and gay dress. Those who bought them felt free to do so, knowing that they only were responsible, and that no one who disapproved need purchase, and holding themselves ready to hear every argument in favor of Grahamism and against superfluity, which their more strict and abstemious neighbors might feel called to utter. These latter could supply and purchase useful and necessary articles only, and still enjoy the company and aid of their friends in the anti-slavery cause. There was nothing intolerant here. Every sect and opinion, sex and color, united in this labor, and participated in the pleasure. Here, for instance, was plenty of confectionary, jellies, meats, and gay dress. Those who bought them felt free to do so, knowing that they only were responsible, and that no one who disapproved need purchase, and holding themselves ready to hear every argument in favor of Grahamism and against superfluity, which their more strict and abstemious neighbors might feel called to utter. These latter could supply and purchase useful and necessary articles only, and still enjoy the company and aid of their friends in the anti-slavery cause. Physiological lectures, or sumptuary rebukes, we given and received with equal good feeling. T strong union of heart upon the principles of Freedom overcame all sectarian prejudice, and all narrow-minded intolerance, and the overwhelming feeling was one of union for the extinction of slavery. However our heads may differ, our hearts are one. Physiological lectures, or sumptuary rebukes, we given and received with equal good feeling. T strong union of heart upon the principles of Freedom overcame all sectarian prejudice, and all narrow-minded intolerance, and the overwhelming feeling was one of union for the extinction of slavery. However our heads may differ, our hearts are one. Here were no invidious distinctions. There float the mingled crosses of England and Scotland, and yonder the insignia of New-York at the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair. Under the English banner is arranged the valuable and valued present of Elizabeth Pease, to the Boston and Lynn Women's Societies. Abundant as was the supply, comprising several tea and breakfast services, and every variety of single article, it was eagerly sought and speedily disposed of. There also were placed many of the new styles of foreign articles, selected in various parts of Europe for the Fair, by Wendell and Ann Phillips, by Isaac Winslow and Abby Southwick. Here were no invidious distinctions. There float the mingled crosses of England and Scotland, and yonder the insignia of New-York at the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair. Under the English banner is arranged the valuable and valued present of Elizabeth Pease, to the Boston and Lynn Women's Societies. Abundant as was the supply, comprising several tea and breakfast services, and every variety of single article, it was eagerly sought and speedily disposed of. There also were placed many of the new styles of foreign articles, selected in various parts of Europe for the Fair, by Wendell and Ann Phillips, by Isaac Winslow and Abby Southwick. The Book table was a great attraction, and the thanks of the friends are due to Amelia Opie, Dr. Channing, Anne Knight, and others, for valuable presents of their works on the subject of slavery. The opportunity afforded by the Fair for the introduction of anti-slavery publications for the first time, to the attention of great numbers, makes it a most valuable instrumentality in the cause. By conversations, too, much was accomplished. The Liberty Bell, the friends who have contributed to its publication will be glad to know, was extensively circulated. The authors' names are affixed to all the articles, except two; but the Massachusetts abolitionists will recognize the tones of the boy-bard of Connecticut, who will be a poet if he lives. For the other nameless article on the London Convention, methinks 'we do know the fine Roman hand.' 'Is it not by Lady Byrou?' we are asked by all who know of her interest in education, and her school of a hundred children at her own expense, one of whom is made more welcome than the rest, because she would prove she 'mis-likes him not for his complexion, the shadowed livery of the burnished sun.' We cannot deny it to be from her, though we hold her request to publish it without her name as sacred, there being no time to request her to revoke it. The Book table was a great attraction, and the thanks of the friends are due to Amelia Opie, Dr. Channing, Anne Knight, and others, for valuable presents of their works on the subject of slavery. The opportunity afforded by the Fair for the introduction of anti-slavery publications for the first time, to the attention of great numbers, makes it a most valuable instrumentality in the cause. By conversations, too, much was accomplished. The Liberty Bell, the friends who have contributed to its publication will be glad to know, was extensively circulated. The authors' names are affixed to all the articles, except two; but the Massachusetts abolitionists will recognize the tones of the boy-bard of Connecticut, who will be a poet if he lives. For the other nameless article on the London Convention, methinks 'we do know the fine Roman hand.' 'Is it not by Lady Byrou?' we are asked by all who know of her interest in education, and her school of a hundred children at her own expense, one of whom is made more welcome than the rest, because she would prove she 'mis-likes him not for his complexion, the shadowed livery of the burnished sun.' We cannot deny it to be from her, though we hold her request to publish it without her name as sacred, there being no time to request her to revoke it. The Utilitarian must have been satisfied with the Fair, and so must the lover of the beautiful in art. Soap and candles with bust and picture— artist-like sketches in pencil, and children's sleds and chairs— Flower seeds and potatoes, beautiful plants and turnips, warm bed clothing, and expensively wrought linen, combined together for the promotion of the cause. The jewelry of the friends who have renounced it for their own wearing, for the sake of the cause, was here presented for sale, and purchased by those who have not yet advanced to the position of renunciation. But anti-slavery principles exert a powerful influence! They make a pleasure of what works to the world a sacrifice. Like the old earl of Peterborough, after having done all that occurs to them, the true abolitionist says, 'Is there nothing else? I love renouncing.' The Utilitarian must have been satisfied with the Fair, and so must the lover of the beautiful in art. Soap and candles with bust and picture— artist-like sketches in pencil, and children's sleds and chairs— Flower seeds and potatoes, beautiful plants and turnips, warm bed clothing, and expensively wrought linen, combined together for the promotion of the cause. The jewelry of the friends who have renounced it for their own wearing, for the sake of the cause, was here presented for sale, and purchased by those who have not yet advanced to the position of renunciation. But anti-slavery principles exert a powerful influence! They make a pleasure of what works to the world a sacrifice. Like the old earl of Peterborough, after having done all that occurs to them, the true abolitionist says, 'Is there nothing else? I love love renouncing.' What a training are the Fairs, to the younger members of the cause! How are the co-operative faculties educated and improved! It is one of the greatest attainments of human beings to be able to help each other effectually; and in no place is the art to be learned as it is in the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair. What a training are the Fairs, to the younger members of the cause! How are the co-operative faculties educated and improved! It is one of the greatest attainments of human beings to be able to help each other effectually; and in no place is the art to be learned as it is in the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair. Among the curious articles which attracted much admiration, were a miniature sloop of war, presented by Mr. Grover, a jewel case and work box from Nantucket, valued at $25 each, Christmas bags and boxes, and musical work-boxes. Among the curious articles which attracted much admiration, were a miniature sloop of war, presented by Mr. Grover, a jewel case and work box from Nantucket, valued at $25 each, Christmas bags and boxes, and musical work-boxes. The medal of the American Anti-Slavery Society, offered in Boston, for the first time at the Fair, is most beautiful. The face is the emblematical vignette design of the Standard, liberty supported by religion, bearing the banner of the Society,— 'without compromise, without concealment.' On the tablet, borne by religion, are the words, 'the truth shall make you free.' Round the figures is the inscription— The medal of the American Anti-Slavery Society, offered in Boston, for the first time at the Fair, is most beautiful. The face is the emblematical vignette design of the Standard, liberty supported by religion, bearing the banner of the Society,— 'without compromise, without concealment.' On the tablet, borne by religion, are the words, 'the truth shall make you free.' Round the figures is the inscription— 'Immediate emancipation.' 'Immediate emancipation.' 'There are more than 2,500,000 slaves in the United States.' 'There are more than 2,500,000 slaves in the United States.' 'American Anti-Slavery Society instituted Dec. 1833.' 'American Anti-Slavery Society instituted Dec. 1833.' The reverse is a quotation from the document written by Mr. Garrison, and adopted by the founders of the American Society, as follows: The reverse is a quotation from the document written by Mr. Garrison, and adopted by the founders of the American Society, as follows: 'Our measures shall be such only as the opposition of moral purity to moral corruption; the destruction of error by the potency of truth; the overthrow of prejudice by the power of love; and the abolition of slavery by the spirit of repentance.— Vide Declaration of Sentiments.' 'Our measures shall be such only as the opposition of moral purity to moral corruption; the destruction of error by the potency of truth; the overthrow of prejudice by the power of love; and the abolition of slavery by the spirit of repentance.— Vide Declaration of Sentiments.' Vide Declaration of Sentiments.' Around this runs the inscription— Around this runs the inscription— 'Our object is the peaceful, speedy and total abolition of slavery. Our trust for victory is solely in God.' 'Our object is the peaceful, speedy and total abolition of slavery. Our trust for victory is solely in God.' The Hall was tastefully decorated with evergreen. In the centre, surrounded by Boston, Cambridgeport, New Bedford, Nantucket and Kingston, was placed a beautiful model of the Warwick vase, in moss, standing on what seemed a white marble slab, and relieved against the upper end of the Hall. The representatives of each town were grouped together under the old armorial bearings of its name, an arrangement which was of signal use in preventing mistake and confusion. Anti-slavery mottoes and scriptural injunctions spoke from the walls and tables. All the proceedings were in the spirit of the day, the memorable 22d of Dec. the 220th anniversary of the landing of the Pilgrims. Work-bags were executed in memorial of the occasion, bearing a copper plate engraving of the snowy reach of hills, which met the eyes of our progenitors as they landed. In the distance is seen the May flower, and in the front are gathered the fathers, under a temporary shelter, which Massasoit is seen approaching. The Spenserian stanza beneath is from John Pierpont. (See our last page.) The Hall was tastefully decorated with evergreen. In the centre, surrounded by Boston, Cambridgeport, New Bedford, Nantucket and Kingston, was placed a beautiful model of the Warwick vase, in moss, standing on what seemed a white marble slab, and relieved against the upper end of the Hall. The representatives of each town were grouped together under the old armorial bearings of its name, an arrangement which was of signal use in preventing mistake and confusion. Anti-slavery mottoes and scriptural injunctions spoke from the walls and tables. All the proceedings were in the spirit of the day, the memorable 22d of Dec. the 220th anniversary of the landing of the Pilgrims. Work-bags were executed in memorial of the occasion, bearing a copper plate engraving of the snowy reach of hills, which met the eyes of our progenitors as they landed. In the distance is seen the May flower, and in the front are gathered the fathers, under a temporary shelter, which Massasoit is seen approaching. The Spenserian stanza beneath is from John Pierpont. (See our last page.) Clevenger's fine bust of Garrison occupied the lower centre of the hall. Against the first pillar stood the St. Catherine of Tiepolo. The graceful and sweet, though pensive expression of the countenance is in the highest style of art, and with the broad, strong shadow, and the depth of the back ground, are the conception and execution of a master. Clevenger's fine bust of Garrison occupied the lower centre of the hall. Against the first pillar stood the St. Catherine of Tiepolo. The graceful and sweet, though pensive expression of the countenance is in the highest style of art, and with the broad, strong shadow, and the depth of the back ground, are the conception and execution of a master. The attendance of visitors was numerous and constant. Boston seemed pleased with the Fair, and showed it was so by the amount of its purchases. The hall was opened four days, and the receipts averaged $500 per day— in all TWO THOUSAND AND ONE DOLLARS. It would be difficult to describe the satisfaction of the friends in making this gift of the season to the cause of freedom. It has been suffering for funds, and is so still. But it is a joyful thing to be able to pay the just dues of some of those who went into the field more than a year since, when the cause was attacked by sectarism in the cloak of a dun, and appropriated every cent of the collections to the payment of the pledge to the American Society, thereby compelling those of its treacherous members who sought to make it the mere appendage of a pro-slavery church, to appear in their true position. The attendance of visitors was numerous and constant. Boston seemed pleased with the Fair, and showed it was so by the amount of its purchases. The hall was opened four days, and the receipts averaged $500 per day— in all TWO THOUSAND AND ONE DOLLARS. It would be difficult to describe the satisfaction of the friends in making this gift of the season to the cause of freedom. It has been suffering for funds, and is so still. But it is a joyful thing to be able to pay the just dues of some of those who went into the field more than a year since, when the cause was attacked by sectarism in the cloak of a dun, and appropriated every cent of the collections to the payment of the pledge to the American Society, thereby compelling those of its treacherous members who sought to make it the mere appendage of a pro-slavery church, to appear in their true position. The whole movement, of which that Society is the central point, is less an organization than the symbol of righteousness and truth on the subject of Freedom. Long may the movement deserve to exist in this visible shape. Its newspapers may be tricked out of its hands, its dissolution be desperately attempted, its pecuniary resources cut off; but while its free spirit lives, that spirit will burst forth bright and clear on every emergency, and supply, by more and more strenuous exertion, the means for carrying on every measure in the cause. The whole movement, of which that Society is the central point, is less an organization than the symbol of righteousness and truth on the subject of Freedom. Long may the movement deserve to exist in this visible shape. Its newspapers may be tricked out of its hands, its dissolution be desperately attempted, its pecuniary resources cut off; but while its free spirit lives, that spirit will burst forth bright and clear on every emergency, and supply, by more and more strenuous exertion, the means for carrying on every measure in the cause. The social gathering of the friends, at the invitation of the Managers, on Christmas evening formed a happy termination of the business and festively of the week. Two hundred and fifty happier faces were seldom met. There was no expense incurred to diminish the receipts of the Fair. The simple and elegant entertainment, with all its arrangements, [ ] the free gift and effected by the cheerful exertions . . . friends of the cause in and around the city. There was no hired service. The friends of the cause delighted to serve each other. There was no distinction of color; and beautiful it was to see the white man forget his narrow and miserable prejudices, and the colored man his wrongs, while their long silenced voices gathered round the same festive board in social and spiritual communion. Not since the introduction of slave labor in our country have the race of pale, proud Caucasus so repented itself in the sight of the world of its wrongs to Africa. The hour of the Slave's freedom is nigh, when human sensibilities are awakened to the fact that the injured race from whom he springs are men and brethren. The social gathering of the friends, at the invitation of the Managers, on Christmas evening formed a happy termination of the business and festively of the week. Two hundred and fifty happier faces were seldom met. There was no expense incurred to diminish the receipts of the Fair. The simple and elegant entertainment, with all its arrangements, [ ] the free gift and effected by the cheerful exertions . . . friends of the cause in and around the city. There was no hired service. The friends of the cause delighted to serve each other. There was no distinction of color; and beautiful it was to see the white man forget his narrow and miserable prejudices, and the colored man his wrongs, while their long silenced voices gathered round the same festive board in social and spiritual communion. Not since the introduction of slave labor in our country have the race of pale, proud Caucasus so repented itself in the sight of the world of its wrongs to Africa. The hour of the Slave's freedom is nigh, when human sensibilities are awakened to the fact that the injured race from whom he springs are men and brethren. Samuel J. May, having directed the thoughts of the company to the Giver of Freedom and every other good, by an expression of gratitude and praise for the delightful circumstances under which it was gathered together, Mr. Garrison, at the request of the Managers, took the President's chair at the supper table. Conversation went on with animation, till an hour having elapsed, Mr. Garrison addressed the assembly. Samuel J. May, having directed the thoughts of the company to the Giver of Freedom and every other good, by an expression of gratitude and praise for the delightful circumstances under which it was gathered together, Mr. Garrison, at the request of the Managers, took the President's chair at the supper table. Conversation went on with animation, till an hour having elapsed, Mr. Garrison addressed the assembly. He was followed by Messrs. May, Loring, Bradburn, Jinnings, Evans, Himes, Pierce, Burleigh and Mellen. We trust an ample report of their remarks may be given. He was followed by Messrs. May, Loring, Bradburn, Jinnings, Evans, Himes, Pierce, Burleigh and Mellen. We trust an ample report of their remarks may be given. After singing the following hymn, written for another occasion, the assembly retired: After singing the following hymn, written for another occasion, the assembly retired: No boastful chorus now shall rise No boastful chorus now shall rise To thee, Almighty God; To thee, Almighty God; Our song shall be the captive's cries Our song shall be the captive's cries Beneath the oppressor's rod. Beneath the oppressor's rod. Oh hear them, Thou that hearest prayer, Oh hear them, Thou that hearest prayer, Oh, hear them, God above; Oh, hear them, God above; And oh, the oppressor's heart prepare And oh, the oppressor's heart prepare To obey the law of love. To obey the law of love. law of love. 'They touch our shores, their shackles fall;'— 'They touch our shores, their shackles fall;'— Old England's glorious strain:— Old England's glorious strain:— What answer from this land of thrall;— What answer from this land of thrall;— The clankings of the chain. The clankings of the chain. Oh, hear, &c. Oh, hear, &c. And must these clankings rend the skies, And must these clankings rend the skies, Where see have full control? Where see have full control? Must still the captive's plaints arise Must still the captive's plaints arise In our own Capital? In our own Capital? Oh, hear &c. Oh, hear &c. May the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair, which will occur during the Christmas week of 1841, be as prosperous in all its results, and contribute as effectually for the promotion of the Anti-Slavery cause, as that which has just closed. May the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair, which will occur during the Christmas week of 1841, be as prosperous in all its results, and contribute as effectually for the promotion of the Anti-Slavery cause, as that which has just closed. To the large number of individuals who assisted the Fair by donations of money and articles, or in any other way, the Managers would return their most sincere thanks, trusting that a more particular acknowledgment will be excused. Multitudes of articles were presented after the commencement of the Fair, when it was exceedingly difficult to preserve an accurate account. To the large number of individuals who assisted the Fair by donations of money and articles, or in any other way, the Managers would return their most sincere thanks, trusting that a more particular acknowledgment will be excused. Multitudes of articles were presented after the commencement of the Fair, when it was exceedingly difficult to preserve an accurate account. MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN, MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN, For the Committee. For the Committee. For the Committee. 

 On Tuesday evening, November 10, a meeting was held in Mr. Kennedy's Temperance Hotel, near Swan-street; the meeting-room is capable of holding several hundreds, and was crowded to suffocation. On Tuesday evening, November 10, a meeting was held in Mr. Kennedy's Temperance Hotel, near Swan-street; the meeting-room is capable of holding several hundreds, and was crowded to suffocation. Mrs. M. Watson was unanimously elected to preside over the meeting. After she was conducted to the chair, she returned her sincere thanks for the high honor that had been conferred on her, and said that she was a determined Repealer, and would use all her influence in promoting that great and important question. Mrs. M. Watson was unanimously elected to preside over the meeting. After she was conducted to the chair, she returned her sincere thanks for the high honor that had been conferred on her, and said that she was a determined Repealer, and would use all her influence in promoting that great and important question. Mr. T. Duggan then said, he would introduce to their notice Mr. J. Teer, a tried friend to the cause of Repeal. Mr. T. Duggan then said, he would introduce to their notice Mr. J. Teer, a tried friend to the cause of Repeal. Mr. Teer having come forward, was received with great applause. After the cheering had subsided, he said— This is one of the proudest moments of my existence. I feel, said he, an ineffable pleasure to see so many smiling faces around me. It is a demonstrative proof of the interest which the fair sex feel for the wrongs of ill-fated Ireland. He passed an eloquent eulogium upon the lady whom they had chosen to preside over their meeting, for the many acts of charity which she had done, and for the sympathy which she always evinced in the cause of Ireland; he hoped they would, as far as practicable, imitate her noble example. The cause of repeal was progressing in Manchester with a rapidity hitherto unprecedented. He was proud to see the fair sex coming forward as they had done; it proved that they had as fine and as patriotic feelings for their country as the other sex. The cause for which they now met was a glorious one— it was to redeem Ireland from slavery and raise her to a state of happiness and independence. Why, said the speaker, should a country, which a kind and bountiful God has blessed with plenty, be held in perpetual bondage? He then entered into the question of the legislative Union— described the base and unjustifiable manner in which that measure was carried— how it had impoverished Ireland by destroying her trade, and forced Irishmen to leave their native shores and come to England to inundate the market of labor. He then showed the condition of the people of both countries previous to the Union, and proved, in an uncontrovertible manner, that their present condition was worse than at the period to which he alluded; and concluded a powerful address by imploring them, in the most energetic manner, to rally round the glorious banner of Repeal— to use every means in their power to induce their husbands to promote the interests of Ireland, which, he said, could only be done by restoring to her a domestic legislature.— (Cheers.) Mr. Teer having come forward, was received with great applause. After the cheering had subsided, he said— This is one of the proudest moments of my existence. I feel, said he, an ineffable pleasure to see so many smiling faces around me. It is a demonstrative proof of the interest which the fair sex feel for the wrongs of ill-fated Ireland. He passed an eloquent eulogium upon the lady whom they had chosen to preside over their meeting, for the many acts of charity which she had done, and for the sympathy which she always evinced in the cause of Ireland; he hoped they would, as far as practicable, imitate her noble example. The cause of repeal was progressing in Manchester with a rapidity hitherto unprecedented. He was proud to see the fair sex coming forward as they had done; it proved that they had as fine and as patriotic feelings for their country as the other sex. The cause for which they now met was a glorious one— it was to redeem Ireland from slavery and raise her to a state of happiness and independence. Why, said the speaker, should a country, which a kind and bountiful God has blessed with plenty, be held in perpetual bondage? He then entered into the question of the legislative Union— described the base and unjustifiable manner in which that measure was carried— how it had impoverished Ireland by destroying her trade, and forced Irishmen to leave their native shores and come to England to inundate the market of labor. He then showed the condition of the people of both countries previous to the Union, and proved, in an uncontrovertible manner, that their present condition was worse than at the period to which he alluded; and concluded a powerful address by imploring them, in the most energetic manner, to rally round the glorious banner of Repeal— to use every means in their power to induce their husbands to promote the interests of Ireland, which, he said, could only be done by restoring to her a domestic legislature.— (Cheers.) Mr. Bailey was then introduced, and eulogised the patriotism the ladies who graced the meeting and the cause by their presence. As an Englishman, he felt a degree of indignation which no language of his could describe, when he reflected upon the oppression to which Irishmen have been subjected. It was their interest that Ireland should be free and happy because whatever may benefit Ireland will also benefit England. The speaker, after entering into details relative to the Union, and the exports and imports of Ireland, concluded by earnestly and energetically calling upon all present to break [ ] the ignoble chains which held the people in bondage. (Enthusiastic cheering.) Mr. Bailey was then introduced, and eulogised the patriotism the ladies who graced the meeting and the cause by their presence. As an Englishman, he felt a degree of indignation which no language of his could describe, when he reflected upon the oppression to which Irishmen have been subjected. It was their interest that Ireland should be free and happy because whatever may benefit Ireland will also benefit England. The speaker, after entering into details relative to the Union, and the exports and imports of Ireland, concluded by earnestly and energetically calling upon all present to break [ ] the ignoble chains which held the people in bondage. (Enthusiastic cheering.) M.T. Daggan next addressed the meeting. He related several anecdotes of cruelty which had come under his own observation, and which made so deep an impression upon the minds of those present, that many were seen to shed tears in the meeting— he lauded the praiseworthy efforts of the fair sex in the cause of Repeal, and said that their good and virtuous example in the cause of Ireland was truly admirable. (Loud cheers.) M.T. Daggan next addressed the meeting. He related several anecdotes of cruelty which had come under his own observation, and which made so deep an impression upon the minds of those present, that many were seen to shed tears in the meeting— he lauded the praiseworthy efforts of the fair sex in the cause of Repeal, and said that their good and virtuous example in the cause of Ireland was truly admirable. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Luke Haley said he would just trespass upon the attention of the meeting a few minutes. He had the honor of forming the Female Repeal Society in the town, and was truly delighted to see the crowded meeting which he had the honor to address. He concluded an eloquent speech by stating that, in a few weeks, they would have from five hundred to one thousand Female Repealers. A vote of thanks was passed to the zealous lady who presided over the meeting; three cheers were given for repeal, three for the Queen, and three for O'Connell, and the meeting separated, with a pledge that they would exert themselves more than ever in the cause of Ireland. Mr. Luke Haley said he would just trespass upon the attention of the meeting a few minutes. He had the honor of forming the Female Repeal Society in the town, and was truly delighted to see the crowded meeting which he had the honor to address. He concluded an eloquent speech by stating that, in a few weeks, they would have from five hundred to one thousand Female Repealers. A vote of thanks was passed to the zealous lady who presided over the meeting; three cheers were given for repeal, three for the Queen, and three for O'Connell, and the meeting separated, with a pledge that they would exert themselves more than ever in the cause of Ireland. 

 Our anti-slavery friends in Middlesex ought to rally strongly this day at Concord, to attend the quarterly meeting of their County Society. Let them begin the new year by a special consecration of the day to the cause of God and bleeding humanity. Let them remember that their previous quarterly meeting at Groton almost proved a total failure, in consequence of the high political excitement raging at that period. That excitement has now passed away, and they have no excuse for remaining at home. We shall be at the meeting with other friends from Boston, and we want to see a gathering of true-hearted men and women larger than we have ever yet witnessed in that county. Who will say— 'I pray thee have me excused?' Our anti-slavery friends in Middlesex ought to rally strongly this day at Concord, to attend the quarterly meeting of their County Society. Let them begin the new year by a special consecration of the day to the cause of God and bleeding humanity. Let them remember that their previous quarterly meeting at Groton almost proved a total failure, in consequence of the high political excitement raging at that period. That excitement has now passed away, and they have no excuse for remaining at home. We shall be at the meeting with other friends from Boston, and we want to see a gathering of true-hearted men and women larger than we have ever yet witnessed in that county. Who will say— 'I pray thee have me excused?' 

 The wife of Gen. Gaines, of the U.S. Army, has been lecturing with her husband in the Western States, making her debut at the Mechanics' Institute in St. Louis. The General, on one occasion, being fatigued, yielded the floor to his wife, who continued the lecture ably and fluently to the surprise and gratification of the assembly. The subject chosen for her remarks seems rather unfeminine, and as many would say, out of woman's sphere, yet it was one in which her husband had been all his life engaged, and with which she fully sympathized. The 'horrors of war' were graphically depicted, her remarks being received with animated cheers. The introductory observations were taken down by a short-hand writer, and are copied by us, as follows, from the Cincinnati Gazette: The wife of Gen. Gaines, of the U.S. Army, has been lecturing with her husband in the Western States, making her debut at the Mechanics' Institute in St. Louis. The General, on one occasion, being fatigued, yielded the floor to his wife, who continued the lecture ably and fluently to the surprise and gratification of the assembly. The subject chosen for her remarks seems rather unfeminine, and as many would say, out of woman's sphere out of woman's sphere , yet it was one in which her husband had been all his life engaged, and with which she fully sympathized. The 'horrors of war' were graphically depicted, her remarks being received with animated cheers. The introductory observations were taken down by a short-hand writer, and are copied by us, as follows, from the Cincinnati Gazette: The fact of a lady addressing a large audience, in a highly respectable and enlightened community, is, it must be admitted, a novel and uncommon scene; and to those who know me, it is scarcely necessary to say, that I am quite unexperienced in the art of public speaking, and that my first attempt in that way, was made last week, in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, of this city. To some, it may appear strange, that a lady should come forward in public, and address a mixed audience, and give her sentiments on a subject, in which, it cannot be supposed she has had any experience. Some, if not many of my own sex may fancy that I am rather transgressing the boundaries of strict female reservedness, and that it is wrong in a lady to speak in a public assembly. Were I alone and unprotected, it would scarcely comport with that delicacy which a female ought always to cultivate and maintain; but when I do it in the presence of my liege lord, to whom I am accountable for all my actions— and when it is on war, a subject in which he has all his life been interested and concerned, (and what wife can be blamed in taking a deep interest in the affairs of her husband?) I should think that, a jury selected from this highly respectable audience, and some of them composed of even the most fastidious of my own sex, to try me for the act in which I am now engaged, I am confident that the verdict would come in— acquitted. (Cheers, cheers.) The fact of a lady addressing a large audience, in a highly respectable and enlightened community, is, it must be admitted, a novel and uncommon scene; and to those who know me, it is scarcely necessary to say, that I am quite unexperienced in the art of public speaking, and that my first attempt in that way, was made last week, in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, of this city. To some, it may appear strange, that a lady should come forward in public, and address a mixed audience, and give her sentiments on a subject, in which, it cannot be supposed she has had any experience. Some, if not many of my own sex may fancy that I am rather transgressing the boundaries of strict female reservedness female reservedness , and that it is wrong in a lady to speak in a public assembly. Were I alone and unprotected, it would scarcely comport with that delicacy which a female ought always to cultivate and maintain; but when I do it in the presence of my liege lord, to whom I am accountable for all my actions— and when it is on war, a subject in which he has all his life been interested and concerned, (and what wife can be blamed in taking a deep interest in the affairs of her husband?) I should think that, a jury selected from this highly respectable audience, and some of them composed of even the most fastidious of my own sex, to try me for the act in which I am now engaged, I am confident that the verdict would come in— acquitted. (Cheers, cheers.) I am not ignorant of the truth, that a woman's province is the domestic circle; or in the words of the immortal Milton, 'She is to study household good, and good works in her husband to promote.' Hers are the calm pursuits and gentle enjoyments of life; man's that of enterprise and action. Man is to fill a wide and busy theatre, on a contentious world, while woman is destined by her Maker to move in a more peaceful sphere. But the circumstances in which I am placed, make my appearance before you, this evening, unlike that in which most ladies are— I am united to one who has been, in the language of Homer— (the General standing by her side)— 'a soldier in his youth, and fought in many battles;' and has been devoted, in no ordinary degree, to the service of his country. These facts, then, are all I need state, and as my husband is rather indisposed, I considered it my duty to lend my aid on the occasion. I am not ignorant of the truth, that a woman's province is the domestic circle; or in the words of the immortal Milton, 'She is to study household good, and good works in her husband to promote.' Hers are the calm pursuits and gentle enjoyments of life; man's that of enterprise and action. Man is to fill a wide and busy theatre, on a contentious world, while woman is destined by her Maker to move in a more peaceful sphere. But the circumstances in which I am placed, make my appearance before you, this evening, unlike that in which most ladies are— I am united to one who has been, in the language of Homer— (the General standing by her side)— 'a soldier in his youth, and fought in many battles;' and has been devoted, in no ordinary degree, to the service of his country. These facts, then, are all I need state, and as my husband is rather indisposed, I considered it my duty to lend my aid on the occasion. 'The head and front of my offending hath this extent, no more.' 'The head and front of my offending hath this extent, no more.' I need not tell this audience that my husband has been engaged for many years in trying to convince the high functionaries of our Government of the necessity of adopting a mode of national defence, in some degree commensurate with the state of steam power, as it at present exists; and therefore it is not to be wondered at, small as I am, (tremendous cheering) that I also should have turned my attention a little to the subject of war and of national defence, as closely connected, without wasting your time any longer with the introductory remarks, I shall proceed with my few observations on the horrors of war. I need not tell this audience that my husband has been engaged for many years in trying to convince the high functionaries of our Government of the necessity of adopting a mode of national defence, in some degree commensurate with the state of steam power, as it at present exists; and therefore it is not to be wondered at, small as I am small as I am , (tremendous cheering) that I also should have turned my attention a little to the subject of war and of national defence, as closely connected, without wasting your time any longer with the introductory remarks, I shall proceed with my few observations on the horrors of war. 

 These widely known and much respected friends embarked for Hayti on Monday morning last,— the health of Mr. Chapman being in a somewhat precarious state. He has been advised by his physician to seek a warmer climate during this inclement season; and they have wisely chosen Hayti in which to make a temporary sojourn. The good wishes and fervent prayers of thousands will go with them. The absence of Mrs. Chapman will be severely felt in this Commonwealth. Where, indeed, in this nation, will it not be felt? We could better spare a hundred picked men from the anti-slavery ranks. These widely known and much respected friends embarked for Hayti on Monday morning last,— the health of Mr. Chapman being in a somewhat precarious state. He has been advised by his physician to seek a warmer climate during this inclement season; and they have wisely chosen Hayti in which to make a temporary sojourn. The good wishes and fervent prayers of thousands will go with them. The absence of Mrs. Chapman will be severely felt in this Commonwealth. Where, indeed, in this nation, will it not be felt? We could better spare a hundred picked men from the anti-slavery ranks. 

 A casual observer, as he passes through our quiet streets, and by the many pleasant looking dwellings which line them, would hardly suspect that grim poverty, and want, and suffering, numbered any victims among us. Many, even of our own citizens, we venture to say, who fare plenteously, if not sumptuously, every day, and enjoy the thousand luxuries of a cheerful and comfortable home, little imagine that the sons and daughters of want are suffering at their very doors. Yet it is even so— for although poverty in rags does not stalk abroad here, and force itself upon the attention of every passer by, as in the great cities of Europe, it would not need a long search in any direction, to find many an unobtrusive sufferer either actually perishing, or in distress for want of the most common necessaries of life. It is a lamentable fact, and any one may test it by seeking out the cheerless abodes of poverty, that there are many cases of suffering unrelieved, not from any lack of humanity on the part of those who are able to give relief, but because the wants of the victims remain unknown. True, we have benevolent societies of various kinds, as many in proportion to our population, as any other place, and perhaps more; but these are generally devoted to the relief of particular classes, leaving many cases of suffering unprovided for, and which can only be ascertained through the exertions of individuals. There are instances, within our own knowledge, of females with families dependent entirely on the mother for their scanty support— and she, too, a poor widow, or, still worse, with a husband, whose intemperance or other vicious habits incapacitate him from supplying their necessities— actually suffering for food, and raiment, and adequate shelter. The scanty wages of the mother, when she is fortunate enough to procure employment, (and even then, perhaps, she is forced to take her infant in her arms to her place of labor,) but ill suffice for her own and the wants of her helpless little ones. The child of tender years is oftentimes compelled to attend school without having placed a morsel of food within its lips, and to drag through the weary hours with no better prospect of appeasing its hunger when it returns to its cheerless home. The mother, with her children, sits shivering over her cold hearth-stone, without a spark of fire to glad her gaze, until she is forced to take shelter with her neighbor, a little less destitute, who, perchance, may happen to possess a few sticks of wood. A casual observer, as he passes through our quiet streets, and by the many pleasant looking dwellings which line them, would hardly suspect that grim poverty, and want, and suffering, numbered any victims among us. Many, even of our own citizens, we venture to say, who fare plenteously, if not sumptuously, every day, and enjoy the thousand luxuries of a cheerful and comfortable home, little imagine that the sons and daughters of want are suffering at their very doors. Yet it is even so— for although poverty in rags does not stalk abroad here, and force itself upon the attention of every passer by, as in the great cities of Europe, it would not need a long search in any direction, to find many an unobtrusive sufferer either actually perishing, or in distress for want of the most common necessaries of life. It is a lamentable fact, and any one may test it by seeking out the cheerless abodes of poverty, that there are many cases of suffering unrelieved, not from any lack of humanity on the part of those who are able to give relief, but because the wants of the victims remain unknown. True, we have benevolent societies of various kinds, as many in proportion to our population, as any other place, and perhaps more; but these are generally devoted to the relief of particular classes, leaving many cases of suffering unprovided for, and which can only be ascertained through the exertions of individuals. There are instances, within our own knowledge, of females with families dependent entirely on the mother for their scanty support— and she, too, a poor widow, or, still worse, with a husband, whose intemperance or other vicious habits incapacitate him from supplying their necessities— actually suffering for food, and raiment, and adequate shelter. The scanty wages of the mother, when she is fortunate enough to procure employment, (and even then, perhaps, she is forced to take her infant in her arms to her place of labor,) but ill suffice for her own and the wants of her helpless little ones. The child of tender years is oftentimes compelled to attend school without having placed a morsel of food within its lips, and to drag through the weary hours with no better prospect of appeasing its hunger when it returns to its cheerless home. The mother, with her children, sits shivering over her cold hearth-stone, without a spark of fire to glad her gaze, until she is forced to take shelter with her neighbor, a little less destitute, who, perchance, may happen to possess a few sticks of wood. This is a said picture, but it is strictly true, and, we doubt not, there are many such cases known to those who are in the habit of bestowing personal attention to the distresses of the poor. This is a said picture, but it is strictly true, and, we doubt not, there are many such cases known to those who are in the habit of bestowing personal attention to the distresses of the poor. What then is to be done for these sufferers? Individual exertion alone, as we believe, can reach their cases. They must be sought out by personal efforts, and their wants be made known, and then enough ready hands and willing hearts can be found to give relief. Woman must be the almoner, for woman is the chief sufferer. And who better fitted to perform the part of ministering angels? Who can pour in the oil and wine, and bind up the wounds, and raise up and soothe the stricken spirit of poverty, with a more kindly and effectual gentleness, than woman? Daughters of ease and luxury! as you enjoy your cheerful firesides, and sit around your well-filled boards, do you ever think that while the hired servants of your fathers have bread enough and to spare, hundreds of your own sex, connected with you by the ties of a common sisterhood, are perishing from hunger and want? Bestow, then, a little of your time in PERSONAL ATTENTION to the wants of suffering humanity. Fear not to enter the hovels of the poor. Leave, for once, your ball-rooms; for-sake, a while, the gaieties and follies of your parties of pleasure, to enjoy the bliss of relieving distress; look occasionally at the dark pictures of human life, and you will soon find it to be your highest pleasure to 'GO ABOUT DOING GOOD.' What then is to be done for these sufferers? Individual exertion alone, as we believe, can reach their cases. They must be sought out by personal efforts, and their wants be made known, and then enough ready hands and willing hearts can be found to give relief. Woman must be the almoner, for woman is the chief sufferer. And who better fitted to perform the part of ministering angels? Who can pour in the oil and wine, and bind up the wounds, and raise up and soothe the stricken spirit of poverty, with a more kindly and effectual gentleness, than woman? Daughters of ease and luxury! as you enjoy your cheerful firesides, and sit around your well-filled boards, do you ever think that while the hired servants of your fathers have bread enough and to spare, hundreds of your own sex, connected with you by the ties of a common sisterhood, are perishing from hunger and want? Bestow, then, a little of your time in PERSONAL ATTENTION to the wants of suffering humanity. Fear not to enter the hovels of the poor. Leave, for once, your ball-rooms; for-sake, a while, the gaieties and follies of your parties of pleasure, to enjoy the bliss of relieving distress; look occasionally at the dark pictures of human life, and you will soon find it to be your highest pleasure to 'GO ABOUT DOING GOOD.' 

 We alluded, last week, to a letter published by Mr. Bishop in the Lynn Record, respecting the operations of the Massachusetts A.S. Society; and we spoke of it, as we still regard it, as a piece of gratuitous 'mischief-making,' without any reference to the motives of the writer. Mr. Bishop has requested us to publish a letter of explanation, which may be found in the preceding page; but we are compelled to postpone our remarks upon the whole subject until a future number. We alluded, last week, to a letter published by Mr. Bishop in the Lynn Record, respecting the operations of the Massachusetts A.S. Society; and we spoke of it, as we still regard it, as a piece of gratuitous 'mischief-making,' without any reference to the motives of the writer. Mr. Bishop has requested us to publish a letter of explanation, which may be found in the preceding page; but we are compelled to postpone our remarks upon the whole subject until a future number. 

 It will be recollected by our readers, that previous to the removal of Dr. Brisbane to this place, and his conversion to abolitionism, he disposed of his slaves, some twenty or more in number, to E. Peeples Esq., a brother-in-law in South Carolina. The moment he was convinced of the sinfulness of slavery, feeling it to be his duty to make reparation for the wrong he had done, he wrote to his brother-in-law, apprising him of the change that had taken place in his views, and proposing to return him the money for which he had sold the slaves, land, &c., on condition that he would give them up. The proposal was pressed upon him by every argument, and the strongest appeals to his sense of justice and fraternal regard for Dr. Brisbane. The offer was a most liberal one, considering the great depreciation subsequent to the sale, in the value of land and negroes. Besides, several of the slaves had died, and the dwelling house and out houses on the plantation, worth more than the land itself, had been destroyed. Most unexpectedly, however, the offer was declined. It will be recollected by our readers, that previous to the removal of Dr. Brisbane to this place, and his conversion to abolitionism, he disposed of his slaves, some twenty or more in number, to E. Peeples Esq., a brother-in-law in South Carolina. The moment he was convinced of the sinfulness of slavery, feeling it to be his duty to make reparation for the wrong he had done, he wrote to his brother-in-law, apprising him of the change that had taken place in his views, and proposing to return him the money for which he had sold the slaves, land, &c., on condition that he would give them up. The proposal was pressed upon him by every argument, and the strongest appeals to his sense of justice and fraternal regard for Dr. Brisbane. The offer was a most liberal one, considering the great depreciation subsequent to the sale, in the value of land and negroes. Besides, several of the slaves had died, and the dwelling house and out houses on the plantation, worth more than the land itself, had been destroyed. Most unexpectedly, however, the offer was declined. The Doctor again wrote to him immediately, proposing to render to him for the slaves, (and the land if he wished) whatever compensation might be deemed a proper one by the father-in-law of Mr. Peeples, and his three brothers-in-law. He was earnestly entreated to accede to this proposition, but peremptorily declined: and Dr. Brisbane was at last informed by his agent in Carolina, that all attempts to effect the liberation of the negroes would be vain, as Mr. Peeples would not give them up, except on the most unreasonable terms. The Doctor again wrote to him immediately, proposing to render to him for the slaves, (and the land if he wished) whatever compensation might be deemed a proper one by the father-in-law of Mr. Peeples, and his three brothers-in-law. He was earnestly entreated to accede to this proposition, but peremptorily declined: and Dr. Brisbane was at last informed by his agent in Carolina, that all attempts to effect the liberation of the negroes would be vain, as Mr. Peeples would not give them up, except on the most unreasonable terms. In this state of things, in obedience to his conscience, he executed a deed of trust, now regularly recorded in the Recorder's office, Hamilton Co., conveying to G. Bailey, Jr., Edward Harwood, and Ira Carpenter, certain real estate in Cincinnati, Kenton Co., Ky., and Logan Co., Ohio, and a promissory note for seven hundred and fifty dollars, amounting in all to about ten thousand dollars, to hold for the benefit of the negroes thus kept back from their liberty,— with instructions to use it in purchasing them, should such purchase be at all feasible, at any time within ten years. At the expiration of this period, should Mr. Peeples still be inexorable, the deed then directs that the property be sold, and the proceeds of it devoted to the liberation and enfranchisement of as many negro slaves 'as the said trust estate and the then remaining residue thereof shall be sufficient to purchase.' In this state of things, in obedience to his conscience, he executed a deed of trust, now regularly recorded in the Recorder's office, Hamilton Co., conveying to G. Bailey, Jr., Edward Harwood, and Ira Carpenter, certain real estate in Cincinnati, Kenton Co., Ky., and Logan Co., Ohio, and a promissory note for seven hundred and fifty dollars, amounting in all to about ten thousand dollars, to hold for the benefit of the negroes thus kept back from their liberty,— with instructions to use it in purchasing them, should such purchase be at all feasible, at any time within ten years. At the expiration of this period, should Mr. Peeples still be inexorable, the deed then directs that the property be sold, and the proceeds of it devoted to the liberation and enfranchisement of as many negro slaves 'as the said trust estate and the then remaining residue thereof shall be sufficient to purchase.' In addition to this, we will venture to state, without obtaining the consent of Dr. Brisbane, that recently he has made a donation of two thousand dollars, (which he regards as the gain on certain slaves whom it is impossible to reclaim,) to the first Baptist church in this city, on the express condition, that said church agree to have two sermons preached yearly to its congregation specially against the sin of slavery. The total amount of property which this conscientious man has felt it his duty to part with on account of his past connection with slavery, is nearly fifteen thousand dollars. Such conduct is beyond any comment of ours. In addition to this, we will venture to state, without obtaining the consent of Dr. Brisbane, that recently he has made a donation of two thousand dollars, (which he regards as the gain on certain slaves whom it is impossible to reclaim,) to the first Baptist church in this city, on the express condition, that said church agree to have two sermons preached yearly to its congregation specially against the sin of slavery. The total amount of property which this conscientious man has felt it his duty to part with on account of his past connection with slavery, is nearly fifteen thousand dollars. Such conduct is beyond any comment of ours. That the manner in which the deeded property is to be disposed of, may be more distinctly seen, we copy a part of the deed. That the manner in which the deeded property is to be disposed of, may be more distinctly seen, we copy a part of the deed. After specifying the various properties, and the promissory note, it continues:— After specifying the various properties, and the promissory note, it continues:— 'Which note I hereby assign and transfer to them my said trustees herein named; and all my estate, right, title, interest, property, claims, and demand as well in law as in equity of, in and to the estate and premises herein before described, and every part and parcel thereof. To have and to hold the said estate and premises, and every part and parcel thereof, with the appurtenances to them, the said Gamaliel Bailey, Jr., Edward Harwood, Jr., and Ira Carpenter, the survivors or survivor of them and the heirs and assigns of such survivor, for the uses and purposes and upon the trusts herein after mentioned, namely, that my trustees aforesaid, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall and will collect the rents of said real estate, and, as soon as may be, sell and dispose of the real estate herein before described, for the best prices that can be obtained therefor in each or on such credits as they may think fit, not extending beyond the period of five years from the date of these presents, and collect the said note, and after paying the expenses attending the execution of this trust, with the proceeds of such sales and collections, or such part thereof as may be necessary for the purpose, redeem from slavery, if practicable, and set free certain negroes, or the survivors of them, by me heretofore sold to Edward H. Peeples, of St. Peters Parish, in the State of South Carolina, named as follows: Old Violet, Sam and his wife, Sary and her children, August, Polly and George; Daphney, and her child Jeffrey, Diana, Frank, Jack, Harry, Peter, Willoby, Katy, Christiana, June, Violet, Hannah and Juliet, and the children of said negroes, born since said sale; and further, that my said trustees and the survivors or survivor of them shall and will redeem and enfranchise any one or more of said negroes, with part of said proceeds, provided the same can be done at a reasonable expense, and the whole of said negroes cannot be redeemed and enfranchised as aforesaid; and in case the liberation of said negroes cannot be immediately effected, and the proceeds of said sales, or any part thereof, shall not be immediately required for that purpose, then that my said trustees, the survivors or survivor of them shall invest the said proceeds by loaning the same at interest, to be paid semi-annually upon mortgage on unincombered real estate, of value exceeding the amount loaned by at least thirty-five per centum in the opinion of my said trustees, or a majority of them, to be so expressed in the deed or deeds of mortgage, giving, however, to the First Baptist Church of Cincinnati, the privilege of borrowing the first two thousand dollars, so to be loaned, if said church shall desire to do so, and can secure the payment of said lean in manner aforesaid; and further, that my said trustees, the survivors or survivor of them shall and will appropriate and pay the interest received on any loans by them made as aforesaid, and all rents by them collected during the term of five years next ensuing the date of these presents, in case the same shall not sooner be required for the principal object of this trust, to the said First Baptist Church of Cincinnati, unless at any time within said five years, I shall in writing direct that said interest and rents, or part thereof shall be appropriated and paid to the Ohio State Anti-Slavery Society, in which case such direction shall be observed; and further, that my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them shall and will, in case the said trust estate shall not have been exhausted in effecting the objects of this trust at or before the expiration of five years, appropriate and apply the annual income thereof, during the next ensuing five years in furtherance of the general cause of negro emancipation, and, in case the principal object of this trust, to wit: the redemption and enfranchisement of the negroes sold to Edward H. Peeples, as aforesaid, cannot be effected within ten years from the date of these presents, then my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them shall apply the whole of the said trust estate remaining in their hands, to the liberation and enfranchisement of as many negro slaves as the said trust estate, or the then remaining residue thereof shall be sufficient to purchase. 'Which note I hereby assign and transfer to them my said trustees herein named; and all my estate, right, title, interest, property, claims, and demand as well in law as in equity of, in and to the estate and premises herein before described, and every part and parcel thereof. To have and to hold the said estate and premises, and every part and parcel thereof, with the appurtenances to them, the said Gamaliel Bailey, Jr., Edward Harwood, Jr., and Ira Carpenter, the survivors or survivor of them and the heirs and assigns of such survivor, for the uses and purposes and upon the trusts herein after mentioned, namely, that my trustees aforesaid, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall and will collect the rents of said real estate, and, as soon as may be, sell and dispose of the real estate herein before described, for the best prices that can be obtained therefor in each or on such credits as they may think fit, not extending beyond the period of five years from the date of these presents, and collect the said note, and after paying the expenses attending the execution of this trust, with the proceeds of such sales and collections, or such part thereof as may be necessary for the purpose, redeem from slavery, if practicable, and set free certain negroes, or the survivors of them, by me heretofore sold to Edward H. Peeples, of St. Peters Parish, in the State of South Carolina, named as follows: Old Violet, Sam and his wife, Sary and her children, August, Polly and George; Daphney, and her child Jeffrey, Diana, Frank, Jack, Harry, Peter, Willoby, Katy, Christiana, June, Violet, Hannah and Juliet, and the children of said negroes, born since said sale; and further, that my said trustees and the survivors or survivor of them shall and will redeem and enfranchise any one or more of said negroes, with part of said proceeds, provided the same can be done at a reasonable expense, and the whole of said negroes cannot be redeemed and enfranchised as aforesaid; and in case the liberation of said negroes cannot be immediately effected, and the proceeds of said sales, or any part thereof, shall not be immediately required for that purpose, then that my said trustees, the survivors or survivor of them shall invest the said proceeds by loaning the same at interest, to be paid semi-annually upon mortgage on unincombered real estate, of value exceeding the amount loaned by at least thirty-five per centum in the opinion of my said trustees, or a majority of them, to be so expressed in the deed or deeds of mortgage, giving, however, to the First Baptist Church of Cincinnati, the privilege of borrowing the first two thousand dollars, so to be loaned, if said church shall desire to do so, and can secure the payment of said lean in manner aforesaid; and further, that my said trustees, the survivors or survivor of them shall and will appropriate and pay the interest received on any loans by them made as aforesaid, and all rents by them collected during the term of five years next ensuing the date of these presents, in case the same shall not sooner be required for the principal object of this trust, to the said First Baptist Church of Cincinnati, unless at any time within said five years, I shall in writing direct that said interest and rents, or part thereof shall be appropriated and paid to the Ohio State Anti-Slavery Society, in which case such direction shall be observed; and further, that my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them shall and will, in case the said trust estate shall not have been exhausted in effecting the objects of this trust at or before the expiration of five years, appropriate and apply the annual income thereof, during the next ensuing five years in furtherance of the general cause of negro emancipation, and, in case the principal object of this trust, to wit: the redemption and enfranchisement of the negroes sold to Edward H. Peeples, as aforesaid, cannot be effected within ten years from the date of these presents, then my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them shall apply the whole of the said trust estate remaining in their hands, to the liberation and enfranchisement of as many negro slaves as the said trust estate, or the then remaining residue thereof shall be sufficient to purchase. 

 Another murder has been committed in this State. It is stated that the body of Mr. R. Rutherford, formerly a merchant at Johnsonburgh, was found near Jugtown, (What person had been buried previously. The appearance of the grave created suspicions of its having been disturbed, and its examination led to the discovery. They were induced first to believe that some resurrectionist had violated it, and on attempting to ascertain the fact, they found the body of the murdered man. Mr. R. is said to have been a man of wealth, engaged in buying and selling cattle, and at the time of his leaving home he had a large amount of money on his person. Newark Daily Adv. Another murder has been committed in this State. It is stated that the body of Mr. R. Rutherford, formerly a merchant at Johnsonburgh, was found near Jugtown, (What person had been buried previously. The appearance of the grave created suspicions of its having been disturbed, and its examination led to the discovery. They were induced first to believe that some resurrectionist had violated it, and on attempting to ascertain the fact, they found the body of the murdered man. Mr. R. is said to have been a man of wealth, engaged in buying and selling cattle, and at the time of his leaving home he had a large amount of money on his person. Newark Daily Adv. Newark Daily Adv. The trial of Mrs. Kinney, at Boston, on the charge of poisoning her husband, which had occupied the Supreme Court from Monday morning, closed on Friday night. The Chief Justice Shaw occupied a little over two hours in summing up the testimony and charging the Jury, and fifteen minutes past ten o'clock, submitted the case. The Jury, after an absence of only three minutes, returned into Court with a verdict of acquittal. The trial of Mrs. Kinney, at Boston, on the charge of poisoning her husband, which had occupied the Supreme Court from Monday morning, closed on Friday night. The Chief Justice Shaw occupied a little over two hours in summing up the testimony and charging the Jury, and fifteen minutes past ten o'clock, submitted the case. The Jury, after an absence of only three minutes, returned into Court with a verdict of acquittal. Singular and Fatal Accident.— Last week, Mr. Ayer, employed in the Boston Iron Foundry, on the Mill Dam, was severely injured while ringing the bell, which is attached to a beam extending from the building, the tongue of the bell falling out, and striking him on the head. When found, he was lying senseless on the ground; he was carried home and lingered until Saturday, when he expired. He was a worthy man, and has left a family to mourn his loss. Singular and Fatal Accident. Singular and Fatal Accident. — Last week, Mr. Ayer, employed in the Boston Iron Foundry, on the Mill Dam, was severely injured while ringing the bell, which is attached to a beam extending from the building, the tongue of the bell falling out, and striking him on the head. When found, he was lying senseless on the ground; he was carried home and lingered until Saturday, when he expired. He was a worthy man, and has left a family to mourn his loss. Sad and Fatal Accident. The Cattaraugus Republican of the 9th instant says:— 'We learn that during the gale of wind on Monday the 30th ult. Franklin Reed, a lad about 9 years of age, son of Mr. Samuel Reed of Otto, was instantly killed, together with the horse he was riding, by the falling of a large tree across the road. The boy was returning from an errand, and was within a short distance of his father's house when the tree fell, the body of the tree striking the horse on the head, and a limb, the boy on the head. His head was horribly crushed, and, of course, he died almost instantly. Sad and Fatal Accident. Sad and Fatal Accident. The Cattaraugus Republican of the 9th instant says:— 'We learn that during the gale of wind on Monday the 30th ult. Franklin Reed, a lad about 9 years of age, son of Mr. Samuel Reed of Otto, was instantly killed, together with the horse he was riding, by the falling of a large tree across the road. The boy was returning from an errand, and was within a short distance of his father's house when the tree fell, the body of the tree striking the horse on the head, and a limb, the boy on the head. His head was horribly crushed, and, of course, he died almost instantly. A colored girl has been barbarously murdered, by a series of cruelties, by her mistress, the wife of Ignatius Adams, a colored man, in Washington City. Her corpse had been placed in the coffin, when the report went out, and an inquest resulted in its confirmation. The woman is in prison.— Newark Daily Adv. A colored girl has been barbarously murdered, by a series of cruelties, by her mistress, the wife of Ignatius Adams, a colored man, in Washington City. Her corpse had been placed in the coffin, when the report went out, and an inquest resulted in its confirmation. The woman is in prison.— Newark Daily Adv. Newark Daily Adv. Murder. On Saturday morning last, a man named Johnson, about 62 years old, was found murdered in an out building, adjoining a dwelling house in Fifth street, in the district of the Northern Liberties, Philadelphia. A man named Heffron, who occupied a part of the same house with Johnson, is strongly suspected of being the murderer. It is supposed that Johnson had a large sum of money in his possession at the time. Murder. Murder. On Saturday morning last, a man named Johnson, about 62 years old, was found murdered in an out building, adjoining a dwelling house in Fifth street, in the district of the Northern Liberties, Philadelphia. A man named Heffron, who occupied a part of the same house with Johnson, is strongly suspected of being the murderer. It is supposed that Johnson had a large sum of money in his possession at the time. Mr. James [ ], one of the Harrison electors of the State of New-Jersey, died suddenly at his residence in the township of Newton, Sussex Co., on Thursday last. He was writing at his desk, when the mortal pang assailed him, and, calling for assistance, he was conveyed to a bed, where, in about thirty minutes, he expired, without uttering a word. Mr. James [ ], one of the Harrison electors of the State of New-Jersey, died suddenly at his residence in the township of Newton, Sussex Co., on Thursday last. He was writing at his desk, when the mortal pang assailed him, and, calling for assistance, he was conveyed to a bed, where, in about thirty minutes, he expired, without uttering a word. Death by Freezing. On Saturday last, just before night, the daughter of George Tooker, of Hog Neck, aged eight years, ran out to slide on the ice, which covered a mud hole, not far from the house, when the ice gave way and she sank in the mud, her head and hands only being above the ice, where she was found the next morning.— Sag Harbor Corrector. Death by Freezing. Death by Freezing. On Saturday last, just before night, the daughter of George Tooker, of Hog Neck, aged eight years, ran out to slide on the ice, which covered a mud hole, not far from the house, when the ice gave way and she sank in the mud, her head and hands only being above the ice, where she was found the next morning.— Sag Harbor Corrector. Sag Harbor Corrector. Sudden Death. We learn from the Frederick Herald, that William Carleton, Esq. Register of the Corporation of that city, while running with an engine company, on an alarm of fire, on Tuesday last, fell, and expired almost immediately— as was supposed from the rupture of a blood vessel. Sudden Death. Sudden Death. We learn from the Frederick Herald, that William Carleton, Esq. Register of the Corporation of that city, while running with an engine company, on an alarm of fire, on Tuesday last, fell, and expired almost immediately— as was supposed from the rupture of a blood vessel. The Slave Trade. We copy the following from the Liberia Herald of September 30: The Slave Trade. The Slave Trade. We copy the following from the Liberia Herald of September 30: Escape. Captain Munroe, of the American schooner Kathleen, informs us that the brig Viper made a successful escape from New Cess, about ten days ago, with six hundred and eighty slaves. This vessel was formerly called the 'Volladore,' and about 8 years ago brought a load of emigrants to this place. Escape. Escape. Captain Munroe, of the American schooner Kathleen, informs us that the brig Viper made a successful escape from New Cess, about ten days ago, with six hundred and eighty slaves. This vessel was formerly called the 'Volladore,' and about 8 years ago brought a load of emigrants to this place. The bill to protect the slave property of Georgia, by compelling vessels owned or commanded by citizens, or coming from the ports of the State of Maine, to perform quarantine, and to provide for a search thereof on their departure, has passed the House of Representatives of Georgia by a vote of 89 to 72, and ordered to the Senate. The bill to protect the slave property of Georgia, by compelling vessels owned or commanded by citizens, or coming from the ports of the State of Maine, to perform quarantine, and to provide for a search thereof on their departure, has passed the House of Representatives of Georgia by a vote of 89 to 72, and ordered to the Senate. Census of Rhode Island. The entire population of the State is 108,837, being a gain of 11,641 since 1830. The persons over 20 years of age who are unable to read and write, number 1600, and are mostly foreigners. Three persons are over one hundred years of age, two white and one colored, all females. The whole has been carefully made up from the original documents, by John S. Harris, Esq. Deputy Marshall. Census of Rhode Island. Census of Rhode Island. The entire population of the State is 108,837, being a gain of 11,641 since 1830. The persons over 20 years of age who are unable to read and write, number 1600, and are mostly foreigners. Three persons are over one hundred years of age, two white and one colored, all females. The whole has been carefully made up from the original documents, by John S. Harris, Esq. Deputy Marshall. The value of agricultural crops and stocks is estimated at $3,275,750.— Providence Journal. The value of agricultural crops and stocks is estimated at $3,275,750.— Providence Journal. Providence Journal. Accident. A lady by the name of Wallack was knocked down, on Thursday afternoon, in Washington street, by a carriage, and had one of her legs broken below the knee.— Boston Times. Accident. Accident. A lady by the name of Wallack was knocked down, on Thursday afternoon, in Washington street, by a carriage, and had one of her legs broken below the knee.— Boston Times. Boston Times. 

 The Emancipator, in commenting on the recent anti-slavery action of the Vermont Legislature, has the following paragraph, which strikes us as containing a strange doctrine for a friend of justice and human freedom to utter: The Emancipator, in commenting on the recent anti-slavery action of the Vermont Legislature, has the following paragraph, which strikes us as containing a strange doctrine for a friend of justice and human freedom to utter: 'Nor is the work of legislation complete in Vermont, until the aegis of the state sovereignty is effectively thrown over every colored citizen of the state who may, in the exercise of his constitutional rights, travel into any other state, so that his person shall be protected against the prowling kidnapper, and his rights brought for trial before the courts of his own state, or the first citizen of the aggressive state that is caught in Vermont, detained a hostage for his safety. That will be doing up the work. 'Nor is the work of legislation complete in Vermont, until the aegis of the state sovereignty is effectively thrown over every colored citizen of the state who may, in the exercise of his constitutional rights, travel into any other state, so that his person shall be protected against the prowling kidnapper, and his rights brought for trial before the courts of his own state, or the first citizen of the aggressive state that is caught in Vermont, detained a hostage for his safety. That will be doing up the work. Yes! and in a way in which we earnestly hope it never will be done up. We cannot discern the justice of this punishing the innocent for the crimes of the guilty. That would be a dark and disgraceful day for abolitionism, in which, through the influence of its friends, an unoffending individual should be detained from his home and deprived of his liberty, merely because he chanced to be a citizen of a State which was doing injustice to another individual, the citizen of another State. We are astonished to find a proposition, like this, gravely and approvingly announced in any paper advocating the rights of man. Brother Leavitt may say, if he will, that such a mode of reprisal would accord with the generally recognized doctrines of international law. Be it so: it matters not. Legal or illegal, it is a relic of barbarism— it is rank injustice, and no more worthy to be recommended by an abolitionist— or by any body else, for that matter,— than the fitting out of privateers to prey on Southern commerce, till the South will emancipate the slaves. Distant be the hour when such an outrage upon the rights of a human being shall find countenance in the legislation of a free State of our Union or in the general voice of the anti-slavery press and the anti-slavery people! It is bad enough that Slavery legislates so iniquitously,— wrests freedom from men who are guilty of no crime! Let not Abolitionism counsel a retaliation in kind, or free State legislation attempt to prevent and repair injustice by committing injustice. Yes! and in a way in which we earnestly hope it never will be done up. We cannot discern the justice of this punishing the innocent for the crimes of the guilty. That would be a dark and disgraceful day for abolitionism, in which, through the influence of its friends, an unoffending individual should be detained from his home and deprived of his liberty, merely because he chanced to be a citizen of a State which was doing injustice to another individual, the citizen of another State. We are astonished to find a proposition, like this, gravely and approvingly announced in any paper advocating the rights of man. Brother Leavitt may say, if he will, that such a mode of reprisal would accord with the generally recognized doctrines of international law. Be it so: it matters not. Legal or illegal, it is a relic of barbarism— it is rank injustice, and no more worthy to be recommended by an abolitionist— or by any body else, for that matter,— than the fitting out of privateers to prey on Southern commerce, till the South will emancipate the slaves. Distant be the hour when such an outrage upon the rights of a human being shall find countenance in the legislation of a free State of our Union or in the general voice of the anti-slavery press and the anti-slavery people! It is bad enough that Slavery Slavery legislates so iniquitously,— wrests freedom from men who are guilty of no crime! Let not Abolitionism Abolitionism counsel a retaliation in kind, or free State legislation attempt to prevent and repair injustice by committing committing injustice. 

 Of Money received into the Treasury of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, from December 1st, to December 26, 1840. Of Money received into the Treasury of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, from December 1st, to December Of Money received into the Treasury of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, from December 1st, to December 26, 1840. Table  Table  HENRY G. CHAPMAN, HENRY G. CHAPMAN, Treas. Mass. A.S. Society. Treas. Mass. A.S. Society. Treas. Mass. A.S. Society. Boston, Dec. 26, 1840. Boston, Dec. 26, 1840. Remittances hereafter to be forwarded to Samuel Philbrick, who will act as Treasurer in my absence. Remittances hereafter to be forwarded to Samuel Philbrick, who will act as Treasurer in my absence. HENRY G. CHAPMAN. HENRY G. CHAPMAN. 

 The Faculty at Gilmanton will allow us to conjecture that their seminary will not long excite their solicitude on the score of patronage, one way or the other. It will ere long evaporate. That stately brick edifice will remain unfinished, we predict, and stand there a blasted monument of baffled sectarian ambition. The people will learn that they do not need learned commentaries to aid them in reading that book, which God in kindness has made so plain, that the runner may read it, and the wayfaring fool can't mistake it. They will learn that a theology educated in heathen literature is not a teacher to show them the spirit-discerned mysteries of the word of God. The single eye, they will learn, is what they want, to enable them to read it unto eternal life. And the spirit of charity they must have to enable them to adorn the religious profession— a charity that can pity a neighbor, who is down and wallowing in slavery. And this the Bible will universally inculcate, when its living waters are left to flow to men, without running through those leaden pipes of a belles-lettres divinity. The Faculty at Gilmanton will allow us to conjecture that their seminary will not long excite their solicitude on the score of patronage, one way or the other. It will ere long evaporate. evaporate. That stately brick edifice will remain unfinished, we predict, and stand there a blasted monument of baffled sectarian ambition. The people will learn that they do not need learned learned commentaries to aid them in reading that book, which God in kindness has made so plain, that the runner may read it, and the wayfaring fool can't mistake it. They will learn that a theology educated in heathen literature is not a teacher to show them the spirit-discerned mysteries of the word of God. The single eye, they will learn, is what they want, to enable them to read it unto eternal life. And the spirit of charity they must have to enable them to adorn the religious profession— a charity that can pity a neighbor, who is down and wallowing in slavery. And this the Bible will universally inculcate, when its living waters are left to flow to men, without running through those leaden pipes leaden pipes of a belles-lettres divinity. These Seminaries, by the way, are the hot-beds of pride and pro-slavery. Anti-slavery can no more flourish in them than vegetation in the shade of the Upas. Apropos— the best school of preparation for the ministry is, unquestionably, the ANTI-SLAVERY AGENCY. Let the young candidate go out a winter campaign with Pillsbury and Foster, among the New-Hampshire hills. It will give him more qualification for preaching— more character— more self-denial— more boldness and fidelity to speak the truth— more exemption from the 'fear of man which bringeth a snare'— more of the spirit— the life— the talent and the heart of apostleship, than he could unlearn at the Gilmanton Seminary, or the Andover Institution, in three years. We prophesy a desertion of these theological academic bowers. They will be deserted of all vital godliness and Bible doctrine in the first place. Their literature will devour their orthodoxy, and they will be deserted by the very patronage they covet. We told friend Pillsbury, as we passed the ostentatious brick edifice of the Gilmanton 'school of the prophets,' and saw the window lights gleaming through its hollow unfinished interior, and its rough front entrance, that it would remain unfinished, unless it passed into some other service than the one it is designed for. The Seminary and its patrons are scorners of the anti-slavery cause— and God will give it over, we predict, to the moles and bats. These Seminaries, by the way, are the hot-beds of pride and pro-slavery. Anti-slavery can no more flourish in them than vegetation in the shade of the Upas. Apropos— the best school of preparation for the ministry is, unquestionably, the ANTI-SLAVERY AGENCY. Let the young candidate go out a winter campaign with Pillsbury and Foster, among the New-Hampshire hills. It will give him more qualification for preaching— more character— more self-denial— more boldness and fidelity to speak the truth— more exemption from the 'fear of man which bringeth a snare'— more of the spirit— the life— the talent and the heart of apostleship, than he could unlearn unlearn at the Gilmanton Seminary, or the Andover Institution, in three years. We prophesy a desertion of these theological academic bowers. They will be deserted of all vital godliness and Bible doctrine in the first place. Their literature will devour their orthodoxy, and they will be deserted by the very patronage they covet. We told friend Pillsbury, as we passed the ostentatious brick edifice of the Gilmanton 'school of the prophets,' and saw the window lights gleaming through its hollow unfinished interior, and its rough front entrance, that it would remain unfinished, unless it passed into some other service than the one it is designed for. The Seminary and its patrons are scorners of the anti-slavery cause— and God will give it over, we predict, to the moles and bats. 

 The ninth annual meeting of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society will be holden in the city of Boston, on WEDNESDAY, January 27, 1841, commencing at 10 o'clock, A.M. and will continue' through that and the subsequent day. Ii is hoped that it will be the largest and most important anti-slavery gathering ever hold in the Commonwealth. Auxiliary societies are requested to take early action in reference to it, and to appoint strong delegations. 'Come, as the waves come!' The ninth annual meeting of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society will be holden in the city of Boston, on WEDNESDAY, January 27, 1841, commencing at 10 o'clock, A.M. and will continue' through that and the subsequent day. Ii is hoped that it will be the largest and most important anti-slavery gathering ever hold in the Commonwealth. Auxiliary societies are requested to take early action in reference to it, and to appoint strong delegations. 'Come, as the waves come!' FRANCIS JACKSON, Pres. FRANCIS JACKSON, Pres. Pres. WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Sec'ry. WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Sec'ry. Sec'ry. Editors friendly to the cause of equal and impartial liberty are respectfully requested to copy the above Notice into their columns. Editors friendly to the cause of equal and impartial liberty are respectfully requested to copy the above Notice into their columns. 

 The 'Atherton' party in this State is evidently incorrigible. Notwithstanding the rebuke which they have sustained in the defeat of their chief at the North, for his pro-slavery servility, and his rejection at the South for a man more to their purpose just now, they are determined to run themselves upon the rocks of pro-slavery fanaticism, with the most frantic and suicidal desperation. This is seen in the following account, which we take from the N.H. Abolition Standard, Dec. 11. The 'Atherton' party in this State is evidently incorrigible. Notwithstanding the rebuke which they have sustained in the defeat of their chief at the North, for his pro-slavery servility, and his rejection at the South for a man more to their purpose just now, they are determined to run themselves upon the rocks of pro-slavery fanaticism, with the most frantic and suicidal desperation. This is seen in the following account, which we take from the N.H. Abolition Standard, Dec. 11. Dec. 10th, a bill was before the House to incorporate the Freewill Baptist printing establishment and book concern, at Dover, when Mr. Hoit, of Bridgewater, felt himself called upon, in humble obedience to southern dictation, to offer as an amendment to the bill, that if the trustees should print or publish any thing on the subject of abolition, they should forfeit the charter. Mr. Sawyer, of Nashua, rose for information, and wanted to known if it was the abolition of debt the gentleman was opposed to, or the abolition of crime— said he did not understand the amendment. The mover explained, and it was slavery he had in his mind. Another member said, the denomination asking for the charter, published a paper, the oldest abolition paper in the State, and he wanted to put a stop to abolitionism— he hoped the amendment would pass. Deluded man! Did he think he could amend abolitionism out of that denomination of Christians? As well might he expect to annihilate their hopes of Heaven. It is founded in the very religion they profess, and is a part of that religion. Dec. 10th, a bill was before the House to incorporate the Freewill Baptist printing establishment and book concern, at Dover, when Mr. Hoit, of Bridgewater, felt himself called upon, in humble obedience to southern dictation, to offer as an amendment to the bill, that if the trustees should print or publish any thing on the subject of abolition, they should forfeit the charter. Mr. Sawyer, of Nashua, rose for information, and wanted to known if it was the abolition of debt the gentleman was opposed to, or the abolition of crime— said he did not understand the amendment. The mover explained, and it was slavery he had in his mind. Another member said, the denomination asking for the charter, published a paper, the oldest abolition paper in the State, and he wanted to put a stop to abolitionism— he hoped the amendment would pass. Deluded man! Did he think he could amend abolitionism out of that denomination of Christians? As well might he expect to annihilate their hopes of Heaven. It is founded in the very religion they profess, and is a part of that religion. Another member gave a history of the funds of the Book Company— that it commenced some ten years ago, in individual enterprise, and by legacies and individual contributions of its friends, it has now accumulated to eight or ten thousand dollars, and all they asked was an act of incorporation to facilitate their business transactions. Another member gave a history of the funds of the Book Company— that it commenced some ten years ago, in individual enterprise, and by legacies and individual contributions of its friends, it has now accumulated to eight or ten thousand dollars, and all they asked was an act of incorporation to facilitate their business transactions. Mr. Baker, of Hillsborough, wished the amendment might pass— said they had asked for exclusive privileges, and the legislature might impose such restrictions as they chose, and might withhold the charter, and who is he that had any right to complain? Mr. Baker, of Hillsborough, wished the amendment might pass— said they had asked for exclusive privileges, and the legislature might impose such restrictions as they chose, and might withhold the charter, and who is he that had any right to complain? Mr. Wilson, of Keene, denied that they had asked, or that the bill granted any exclusive privileges— they asked no more than was the right of every man in the State— a form of law to facilitate the transaction of the same business they are now transacting, and have a right to transact. Mr. Wilson, of Keene, denied that they had asked, or that the bill granted any exclusive privileges— they asked no more than was the right of every man in the State— a form of law to facilitate the transaction of the same business they are now transacting, and have a right to transact. The question for the adoption of the amendment at length was put, and decided in the affirmative, and the vote being disputed, a short discussion ensued. One member said he was not an abolitionist, and never was, and never meant to be, but his experience had taught him that opposition always helped to build up whatever it attempted to destroy; and as he did not wish to help the abolitionists, he hoped the amendment would fail. And the mover finally withdrew it. The question for the adoption of the amendment at length was put, and decided in the affirmative, and the vote being disputed, a short discussion ensued. One member said he was not an abolitionist, and never was, and never meant to be, but his experience had taught him that opposition always helped to build up whatever it attempted to destroy; and as he did not wish to help the abolitionists, he hoped the amendment would fail. And the mover finally withdrew it. The bill is indefinitely postponed. The bill is indefinitely postponed. 

 The friends of Christ's kingdom are requested (by a vote of friends of non-resistance, present after the close of the Temperance and Anti-Slavery Conventions, Sept. 10, in this town,) to meet in convention at Concord, N.H. on Thursday, the 31st day of December, 1840, and Friday, January 1st, 1841, (longer if necessary) to discuss the holy principles of non-resistance, or Christ's law for overcoming enemies,— and to form a New-Hampshire Non-Resistant Society, auxiliary to the New-England Non-Resistant Society, if thought best. The friends of Christ's kingdom are requested (by a vote of friends of non-resistance, present after the close of the Temperance and Anti-Slavery Conventions, Sept. 10, in this town,) to meet in convention at Concord, N.H. on Thursday, the 31st day of December, 1840, and Friday, January 1st, 1841, (longer if necessary) to discuss the holy principles of non-resistance, or Christ's law for overcoming enemies,— and to form a New-Hampshire Non-Resistant Society, auxiliary to the New-England Non-Resistant Society, if thought best. Among the questions that will come before the Convention for discussion, will be the following Among the questions that will come before the Convention for discussion, will be the following Is human life at the disposal of man or any combination of men? Is human life at the disposal of man or any combination of men? Is human government a christian institution? Is human government a christian institution? Can a Christian hold an office, or vote for any man to hold an office in any human government that recognizes the right of man to take the life of his brother man? Can a Christian hold an office, or vote for any man to hold an office in any human government that recognizes the right of man to take the life of his brother man? All men, women and children, who feel or desire to feel an interest in the promises of God to his only son Jesus, contained in the 2d Psalm, and other places in the holy Bible or chart of man's liberties, responsibility and destiny, are invited to come to, and take a part in this Convention, to be held in Concord, N.H., on Thursday, 31st of Dec. 1840, at the Town Hall, at 10 o'clock, A.M. All men, women and children, who feel or desire to feel an interest in the promises of God to his only son Jesus, contained in the 2d Psalm, and other places in the holy Bible or chart of man's liberties, responsibility and destiny, are invited to come to, and take a part in this Convention, to be held in Concord, N.H., on Thursday, 31st of Dec. 1840, at the Town Hall, at 10 o'clock, A.M. JOHN B. CHANDLER. JOHN B. CHANDLER. Concord, December 10, 1840. Concord, December 10, 1840. 

 Some two or three weeks since, a Convention of the friends of social and religious reform was held at Boston in the Chardon street Chapel. It has pleased sundry of our contemporaries, as well those on the democratic side, as those who have bellowed themselves hoarse in the cause of 'Harrison and Reform,'— meaning thereby the turning out of one set of office-holders to put in another,— to expend a vast amount of toothless satire, in speaking of the proceeding of the Chardon street reformers. Papers so unlike each other as the Boston Daily Advertiser and the New York Post, have alike made them the subject of ridicule. The former has cracked one or two of those ponderous, elephantine jokes, of which it is occasionally delivered, though the work of parturition ever alarms its friends as much as it excites the laughter of all others. The Evening Post, in a letter from a Boston correspondent, has some satirical remarks, very much like those which have passed upon the works of all other reformers, and the stars of lesser light have done their part in making darkness visible. We cannot believe that we stand alone in the opinion which we hold, but if we do, we are not ashamed of it; and our opinion is this, namely, that the Convention held in Boston, so soon after the late political contest was known, was the first manifestation of that reforming spirit which has taken a great hold of the public mind,— and which is rapidly taking a form and semblance that will make the present great ones of our country tremble, destroying as it must their ambitious hopes, and prostrating as it will their chances of political elevation. Such men as Brownson, Garrison, Graham, Quincy, and a host of others,— brilliant in point of intellect, well educated, and of undoubted honesty,— have not been laboring in vain for years. Their united minds, converging from various and far different points, have met, at last, at a common centre, after having brooded over a social chaos for years. Nor have the gentlemen whom we have named,— and their co-laborers of both sexes,— alone been the means of developing the spirit of reform, which is destined, we verily believe, to build up an entirely new order of things on the ruins of the old. In the fearful contest of which our country has been the scene for the last twelve years, first principles have been appealed to by leading men of both parties, and at times with terrible effect. This has made enquiries of men who might otherwise have plodded on their weary way without profit to themselves, their generation, their country, or the world at large. The effect of such enquiries has been to convince thousands,— as it ultimately will hundreds of thousands,— that our whole social system is as rotten and corrupt as sin— that it is, in fact, one huge sin. It is seen by many that the world is one vast gambling-house, in which the great majority, the masses, are plucked by some few knaves; a sort of lottery, in which all put something, but from which prizes are obtained by but a few, and those the most worthless,— while the many are compelled to toil on, like the Israelites for their Egyptian masters, only that the light is with the few, and that for the laborers there is no Goshen. Chardon-street, we predict, is destined to no mean fame, from the fact that it is the spot on which the first meeting of the New-Reformers has been held; for . . . , which now, in the eyes of the enemies, of . . . than a man's hand,— ay, and the delicate hand of an aristocrat too,— will eventually increase in magnitude, until the whole political sky shall be covered with it; and this will take place, too, ere many years have been devoured by the 'steely teeth of time. Some two or three weeks since, a Convention of the friends of social and religious reform was held at Boston in the Chardon street Chapel. It has pleased sundry of our contemporaries, as well those on the democratic side, as those who have bellowed themselves hoarse in the cause of 'Harrison and Reform Reform ,'— meaning thereby the turning out of one set of office-holders to put in another,— to expend a vast amount of toothless satire, in speaking of the proceeding of the Chardon street reformers. Papers so unlike each other as the Boston Daily Advertiser and the New York Post, have alike made them the subject of ridicule. The former has cracked one or two of those ponderous, elephantine jokes, of which it is occasionally delivered, though the work of parturition ever alarms its friends as much as it excites the laughter of all others. The Evening Post, in a letter from a Boston correspondent, has some satirical remarks, very much like those which have passed upon the works of all other reformers, and the stars of lesser light have done their part in making darkness visible. We cannot believe that we stand alone in the opinion which we hold, but if we do, we are not ashamed of it; and our opinion is this, namely, that the Convention held in Boston, so soon after the late political contest was known, was the first manifestation of that reforming spirit which has taken a great hold of the public mind,— and which is rapidly taking a form and semblance that will make the present great ones of our country tremble, destroying as it must their ambitious hopes, and prostrating as it will their chances of political elevation. Such men as Brownson, Garrison, Graham, Quincy, and a host of others,— brilliant in point of intellect, well educated, and of undoubted honesty,— have not been laboring in vain for years. Their united minds, converging from various and far different points, have met, at last, at a common centre, after having brooded over a social chaos for years. Nor have the gentlemen whom we have named,— and their co-laborers of both sexes,— alone been the means of developing the spirit of reform, which is destined, we verily believe, to build up an entirely new order of things on the ruins of the old. In the fearful contest of which our country has been the scene for the last twelve years, first principles have been appealed to by leading men of both parties, and at times with terrible effect. This has made enquiries of men who might otherwise have plodded on their weary way without profit to themselves, their generation, their country, or the world at large. The effect of such enquiries has been to convince thousands,— as it ultimately will hundreds of thousands,— that our whole social system is as rotten and corrupt as sin— that it is, in fact, one huge sin. It is seen by many that the world is one vast gambling-house, in which the great majority, the masses, are plucked by some few knaves; a sort of lottery, in which all put something, but from which prizes are obtained by but a few, and those the most worthless,— while the many are compelled to toil on, like the Israelites for their Egyptian masters, only that the light is with the few, and that for the laborers there is no Goshen. Chardon-street, we predict, is destined to no mean fame, from the fact that it is the spot on which the first meeting of the New-Reformers New-Reformers has been held; for . . . , which now, in the eyes of the enemies, of . . . than a man's hand,— ay, and the delicate hand of an aristocrat too,— will eventually increase in magnitude, until the whole political sky shall be covered with it; and this will take place, too, ere many years have been devoured by the 'steely teeth of time. To say nothing of its being in bad taste, it betrays an unpardonable degree of ignorance, this sneering at the first movements and the earlier laborers in the cause of reform. There never yet was a reform undertaken, whatever its nature, or whatever the object against which it was directed, but that it was sneered at, made the subject of sarcasm and raillery, and finally, after all, adopted, to the confusion of those by whom it was scouted, as idle and visionary, the offspring of a 'devout imagination,' &c. The sneer of that princely epicurean, Leo X., against 'Brother Martin,' was no doubt considered a capital hit by the literati and dilletanti of the Papal Court; but it turned out an ill jest, in the opinion of most men, when the same 'Brother Martin' defied the Pope, and was backed up by men and nations. The schoolmen who sneered at the 'New-Philosophy' of Bacon, were no doubt very clever fellows; but the next age, to which the author of the 'Novum Organum' commended the care of his fame, believed that they were not so clever as they thought themselves, or at least that Bacon was the wiser, and wiser than their favorite Aristotle. The man who was bored at a dinner party by the 'prattle' of Fulton on the power of steam, and on its applicability to the purposes or navigation, no doubt thought himself a deep critic on men and things— very deep; but facts have proved that Fulton was right, or rather, that he was right to the extent of his understanding; for his fault, if any he had on the subject, was, that he did not sufficiently appreciate the power of steam. These, and many other facts of similar nature, ought to teach people the folly of hasty judgments when others, who are either quicker or better than themselves, engage in works of reformation, whether of a social, a political, or a physical nature. A little time will throw light enough on the subjects discussed to enable all to form correct judgments. To say nothing of its being in bad taste, it betrays an unpardonable degree of ignorance, this sneering at the first movements and the earlier laborers in the cause of reform. There never yet was a reform undertaken, whatever its nature, or whatever the object against which it was directed, but that it was sneered at, made the subject of sarcasm and raillery, and finally, after all, adopted, to the confusion of those by whom it was scouted, as idle and visionary, the offspring of a 'devout imagination,' &c. The sneer of that princely epicurean, Leo X., against 'Brother Martin,' was no doubt considered a capital hit by the literati and dilletanti of the Papal Court; but it turned out an ill jest, in the opinion of most men, when the same 'Brother Martin' defied the Pope, and was backed up by men and nations. The schoolmen who sneered at the 'New-Philosophy' of Bacon, were no doubt very clever fellows; but the next age, to which the author of the 'Novum Organum' commended the care of his fame, believed that they were not so clever as they thought themselves, or at least that Bacon was the wiser, and wiser than their favorite Aristotle. The man who was bored at a dinner party by the 'prattle' of Fulton on the power of steam, and on its applicability to the purposes or navigation, no doubt thought himself a deep critic on men and things— very deep; but facts have proved that Fulton was right, or rather, that he was right to the extent of his understanding; for his fault, if any he had on the subject, was, that he did not sufficiently appreciate the power of steam. These, and many other facts of similar nature, ought to teach people the folly of hasty judgments when others, who are either quicker or better than themselves, engage in works of reformation, whether of a social, a political, or a physical nature. A little time will throw light enough on the subjects discussed to enable all to form correct judgments. Democratic papers, of all others, should be careful not to offend those men who are now gradually forgetting 'minor differences,' and uniting for the purpose of meliorating the condition of the masses. Our cause can succeed only by rallying to its banner the men who are sick at beholding the unequal operation of human laws. These men will be sure to unite with that party which carries onward the work of reform. There is about to be a vast up-heaving of the political and social elements, and if the democratic party does not perform its duty, it will meet with a sure and speedy destruction. It must take the initiative. It must war against abuses of all kinds. The tendency of the age is to Reform, and if in our party shall be found the fullest developement of the spirit of the age, we shall certainly triumph, and that too at no distant day. At all events, nothing but adopting the reforming spirit in its most comprehensive sense, can save our party from utter annihilation. There is no middle course which we CAN pursue. Without the aid of the reformers who are not now with us, but who will be if we are faithful to our mission, the Democratic Principle must succumb, and fall into an oblivious sleep. Ranke, who has written the history of the greatest of revolutions, wisely says:— 'It is a necessary condition of every great and important tendency of human opinion, that it should be strong enough to establish its authority and achieve its triumph. IT MUST PRE-DOMINATE OR PERISH.' Democratic papers, of all others, should be careful not to offend those men who are now gradually forgetting 'minor differences,' and uniting for the purpose of meliorating the condition of the masses. Our cause can succeed only by rallying to its banner the men who are sick at beholding the unequal operation of human laws. These men will be sure to unite with that party which carries onward the work of reform. There is about to be a vast up-heaving of the political and social elements, and if the democratic party does not perform its duty, it will meet with a sure and speedy destruction. It must take the initiative. It must war against abuses of all all kinds. The tendency of the age is to Reform Reform , and if in our party shall be found the fullest developement of the spirit of the age spirit of the age , we shall certainly triumph, and that too at no distant day. At all events, nothing but adopting the reforming spirit in its most comprehensive sense, can save our party from utter annihilation. There is no middle course which we There is no middle course which we CAN pursue. pursue. Without the aid of the reformers who are not now with us, but who will be if we are faithful to our mission, the Democratic Principle Democratic Principle must succumb, and fall into an oblivious sleep. Ranke, who has written the history of the greatest of revolutions, wisely says:— ' It is a necessary condition of every great and important tendency of human opinion, that it should be strong enough to establish its authority and achieve its triumph. It is a necessary condition of every great and important tendency of human opinion, that it should be strong enough to establish its authority and achieve its triumph. IT MUST PRE-DOMINATE OR PERISH.' We hold in the highest respect those man who assembled at Chardon street Chapel, believing as we do that they are the true friends of man. They are the representatives of those who wish to do away with forms, so that their places may be filled with realities. We mistake them much if they are to be turned from their holy purposes, either by the sneers of the ignorant, or the deliberate misrepresentations of the unprincipled. Their cause is the most righteous in which human beings can engage. It has for its end the rescuing men from the slough of Despond into which they have been plunged by the operations of wicked and foolish institutions and laws. Their success may not be so rapid as the true friends of humanity should wish it to be, for money is a powerful enemy against which to fight, and in all previous contests it has been the successful combatant. But, ultimately, the reformers must prevail, their object being to give God's child his proper place in the scale of created beings,— for 'man was born to walk erect, and look upon the stars.' We hold in the highest respect those man who assembled at Chardon street Chapel, believing as we do that they are the true friends of man. They are the representatives of those who wish to do away with forms forms , so that their places may be filled with realities. realities. We mistake them much if they are to be turned from their holy purposes, either by the sneers of the ignorant, or the deliberate misrepresentations of the unprincipled. Their cause is the most righteous in which human beings can engage. It has for its end the rescuing men from the slough of Despond into which they have been plunged by the operations of wicked and foolish institutions and laws. Their success may not be so rapid as the true friends of humanity should wish it to be, for money money is a powerful enemy against which to fight, and in all previous contests it has been the successful combatant. But, ultimately, the reformers must must prevail, their object being to give God's child his proper place in the scale of created beings,— for 'man was born to walk erect, and look upon the stars.' 

 To all who are really desirous of coming at the truth as it is in Jesus, upon the following subject, to wit: The true Christian. Sabbath, Christian Church, and Christian Ministry. To all all who are really desirous of coming at the truth as it is in Jesus, upon the following subject, to wit: The true Christian. Sabbath, Christian Church Christian. Sabbath, Christian Church , and Christian Ministry. Christian Ministry. The undersigned, deeming a proper understanding of these subjects to be vitally essential in accelerating or retarding the kingdom of God on earth; and believing that, as a people, we are too little inclined to investigate for ourselves, but are in the extremely dangerous habit of taking for granted what custom and tradition have handed down to us; take this mode of inviting all lovers of truth, irrespective of party, sect or sex, to meet at Port Byron, Cayuga Co., at precisely 12 o'clock, M., on Wednesday, the 20th of January next, for the purpose of discussing, in the spirit of christian love, christian candor, and christian forbearance, the topics above named. We therefore invite all who feel interested in these vital topics, to 'search the scriptures diligently,' and if possible ascertain how these institutions were regarded by Christ and his apostles, then come up to our assembly and put forth the words given them. The undersigned, deeming a proper understanding of these subjects to be vitally essential in accelerating or retarding the kingdom of God on earth; and believing that, as a people, we are too little inclined to investigate for ourselves, but are in the extremely dangerous habit of taking for granted what custom and tradition have handed down to us; take this mode of inviting all lovers of truth, irrespective of party, sect or sex, to meet at Port Byron, Cayuga Co., at precisely 12 o'clock, M., on Wednesday, the 20th of January next, for the purpose of discussing, in the spirit of christian love, christian candor, and christian forbearance, the topics above named. We therefore invite all who feel interested in these vital topics, to 'search the scriptures diligently,' and if possible ascertain how how these institutions were regarded by Christ and his apostles, then come up to our assembly and put forth the words given them. (Signed by Thomas M'Clintock, of Waterloo, Seneca Co., N.Y.; Henry Brewster, Le Roy, Genesee Co., and sixteen others, male and female, of other counties.) (Signed by Thomas M'Clintock, of Waterloo, Seneca Co., N.Y.; Henry Brewster, Le Roy, Genesee Co., and sixteen others, male and female, of other counties.) 

 The following are the introductory paragraphs of a caustic letter published in a late number of the Friend of Man, from Alvan Stewart. The whole letter is an excellent specimen of the argumentum ad hominem. The following are the introductory paragraphs of a caustic letter published in a late number of the Friend of Man, from Alvan Stewart. The whole letter is an excellent specimen of the argumentum ad hominem. argumentum ad hominem. UTICA, N.Y., Nov. 18, 1840. UTICA, N.Y., Nov. 18, 1840. James K. Polk, Esq., Governor of Tennessee: James K. Polk, Esq., Governor of Tennessee: James K. Polk, Esq., Governor of Tennessee: SIR:— I was surprised and astonished that you should manifest such a feverish sensibility in relation to an act of courtesy shown you by the Hon. S.M. Gates, in employing his official frank in letting you, as Chief Magistrate of Tennessee, know what is going on in the world, in relation to the slaveholding piracy of the South. In the first place, you should have thanked Mr. Gates for his politeness in letting you know the estimation in which your peculiar institutions are held by one of the most remarkable congregated assemblies of men who have ever assembled upon this globe, to advance the great social interests of our race, and overturn those atrocious systems of cruelty by which a man as worthy of liberty as yourself, is converted into a chattel, and is compelled by a system of barbarous laws to become your unpaid laborer, at the peril of violence, flaggellation, yea, even death, if he chooses to depart, or resist your will. SIR:— I was surprised and astonished that you should manifest such a feverish sensibility in relation to an act of courtesy shown you by the Hon. S.M. Gates, in employing his official frank in letting you, as Chief Magistrate of Tennessee, know what is going on in the world, in relation to the slaveholding piracy of the South. In the first place, you should have thanked Mr. Gates for his politeness in letting you know the estimation in which your peculiar institutions are held by one of the most remarkable congregated assemblies of men who have ever assembled upon this globe, to advance the great social interests of our race, and overturn those atrocious systems of cruelty by which a man as worthy of liberty as yourself, is converted into a chattel, and is compelled by a system of barbarous laws to become your unpaid laborer, at the peril of violence, flaggellation, yea, even death, if he chooses to depart, or resist your will. The ineffable meanness of compelling a human being to administer to your every necessity, with no other compensation than food and clothing necessary to protect his existence, for your benefit and not his, is only equalled by the avarice which lies at the bottom, seeking the use of this man's life and time for your profit, and not his. The ineffable meanness of compelling a human being to administer to your every necessity, with no other compensation than food and clothing necessary to protect his existence, for your benefit and not his, is only equalled by the avarice which lies at the bottom, seeking the use of this man's life and time for your profit, and not his. Your patriotism seems to be roused that Mr. Gates should have employed his frank to send you the documents of the World's Convention, through the U.S. mail, free of expense. To be sure, Mr. Gates might have paid the government 18 cents, and have relieved you from the sense, of injustice practised upon your pocket, as one of the 16 millions of this republic. I should judge from this specimen, that a slaveholder's notion of rendering an equivalent for what he receives, must be uncommonly nice and scrupulous. But I understand the matter to be quite otherwise; that they— slaveholders— hold that the man who works for one of them for twenty years, is still entitled to no more than if he had worked but ten, or one year, or even one day. The slaveholders of the South hold the slaves entitled to nothing but a perpetuation of their existence. The master has the slave's earnings, and the privilege of kicking, cuffing, and in some cases of killing his body, and in all cases of selling his body; and thus the slaveholders live on unpaid, unrequited toil. This does not look much like your postage exactness. You, or some man for you, catch a man who has a dark colored seal on his countenance, which I understand is a sort of frank, by which there is no postage to be paid; that is, you are to work him for life, yes, and his children after him, free from wages. These threatening, union-splitting gentlemen of the South, get their own existence franked, and the expense of it, I am told, is entirely borne by the colored people. I presume you are one of the gentlemen franked through life, who has a free ticket, but in reality at the expense of some colored men and women, to whom you deny the privilege of learning to read and write, lest they should examine by what law, human or divine, you attempt to frank yourself through the world at their expense. Your patriotism seems to be roused that Mr. Gates should have employed his frank to send you the documents of the World's Convention, through the U.S. mail, free of expense. free of expense. To be sure, Mr. Gates might have paid the government 18 cents, and have relieved you from the sense, of injustice practised upon your pocket, as one of the 16 millions of this republic. I should judge from this specimen, that a slaveholder's notion of rendering an equivalent for what he receives, must be uncommonly nice and scrupulous. But I understand the matter to be quite otherwise; that they— slaveholders— hold that the man who works for one of them for twenty years, is still entitled to no more than if he had worked but ten, or one year, or even one day. The slaveholders of the South hold the slaves entitled to nothing but a perpetuation of their existence. The master has the slave's earnings, and the privilege of kicking, cuffing, and in some cases of killing his body, and in all cases of selling his body; and thus the slaveholders live on unpaid, unrequited unpaid, unrequited toil. This does not look much like your postage exactness. You, or some man for you, catch a man who has a dark colored seal on his countenance, which I understand is a sort of frank, by which there is no postage to be paid; that is, you are to work him for life, yes, and his children after him, free from wages. These threatening, union-splitting gentlemen of the South, get their own existence franked, and the expense of it, I am told, is entirely borne by the colored people. I presume you are one of the gentlemen franked through life, who has a free ticket, but in reality at the expense of some colored men and women, to whom you deny the privilege of learning to read and write, lest they should examine by what law, human or divine, you attempt to frank frank yourself through the world at their expense. But to return. You seem to consider the document of the World's Convention incendiary. The crime of franking yourself through life, at the expense of your fellow passengers on the journey of existence, is exciting the indignation of the civilized and christianized world. And if your regard the noble protest of the World's Convention against your franking yourself and family through the remainder of your life, as incendiary, your situation must be very exposed, for the press of civilized Europe groans daily with cries of infinite abhorrence against your existence-franking system; and the incendiary elements are fast accumulating which will consume from the face of the earth all of the curious contrivances, gags, clubs, manacles, fetters, statute franks, and bloodhounds, by which you have purloined your passage down the stream of life, free of postage. If the South, in the revolution of human affairs, should be called upon by a committee, with power to send for persons and papers, to explain this past franking, for one century and a half, and to whom the unpaid postage was due, and whether those who had carried the mail had ever received any postage. I think, on striking the balance, the sum would be found equal to the value of the entire South, and those gentlemen and their families who have been franked from generation to generation, might consider themselves fortunate if they were safely franked to Texas, with wives and children, where the old rule of franking may prevail a few years longer than it will in the United States. But to return. You seem to consider the document of the World's Convention incendiary. incendiary. The crime of franking yourself through life, at the expense of your fellow passengers on the journey of existence, is exciting the indignation of the civilized and christianized world. And if your regard the noble protest of the World's Convention against your franking yourself and family through the remainder of your life, as incendiary, your situation must be very exposed, for the press of civilized Europe groans daily with cries of infinite abhorrence against your existence-franking system; and the incendiary elements are fast accumulating which will consume from the face of the earth all of the curious contrivances, gags, clubs, manacles, fetters, statute franks, and bloodhounds, by which you have purloined your passage down the stream of life, free of postage. If the South, in the revolution of human affairs, should be called upon by a committee, with power to send for persons and papers, to explain this past franking, for one century and a half, and to whom the unpaid postage was due, and whether those who had carried the mail had ever received any postage. I think, on striking the balance, the sum would be found equal to the value of the entire South, and those gentlemen and their families who have been franked franked from generation to generation, might consider themselves fortunate if they were safely franked to Texas, with wives and children, where the old rule of franking may prevail a few years longer than it will in the United States. 

 The annual meeting of the Norfolk Co. Anti-Slavery Society, for choice of officers and other business, will be held at Dedham in the Town House, on Wednesday, the 20th of Jan. 1841, at 9 o'clock, A.M. Town societies are requested to send full delegations. Friends everywhere are cordially invited to be with us. Mr. Garrison and other friends are expected to be present. The annual meeting of the Norfolk Co. Anti-Slavery Society, for choice of officers and other business, will be held at Dedham in the Town House, on Wednesday, the 20th of Jan. 1841, at 9 o'clock, A.M. Town societies are requested to send full delegations. Friends everywhere are cordially invited to be with us. Mr. Garrison and other friends are expected to be present. JOSIAH V. MARSHALL, Rec. See. JOSIAH V. MARSHALL, Rec. See. Rec. See. 

 DR. BAILEY— I learn from a number of respectable papers, that the proposition I submitted to the public, through the Philanthropist, on the subject of an anti-slavery committee to attend at Washington during the sessions of Congress, has obtained some favorable notice. It is gratifying to know that the spirit of inquiry is alive and awake on this important subject. The expense of such an undertaking, I was aware, would prove an objection, but it is hoped and believed that gentlemen competent to the task could be obtained by the payment of their personal expenses, which need not exceed three hundred dollars. I would suggest the raising that sum by donations of not more than twenty-five cents from one individual. Cannot twelve hundred persons in Ohio be found who will instantly give that sum? Surely the nine hundred and three upright and honest anti-slavery men, who, at the late election, refused to cast their votes for a slaveholder, or a person pledged to sustain and uphold the slave system in our country, would, at once, each give his twenty-five cents. Thus would we commence the work on a sure foundation; and it is presumed that hundreds would give the like sum to obtain the information such committee would be able to afford. But it need not be understood that such donations would be the only means; ladies and gentlemen could contribute what each in their judgment should think proper. Permit me further to suggest, that it is in contemplation to hold an Anti-Slavery Convention at Columbus, and as the Anti-Slavery Convention of Clermont county has recommended an early day for that purpose, which, if not generally acceded to, I hope that another day, as early as convenient, will be fixed upon, and I trust that every county in the State will send delegates. Would it not be well for such delegates to bring with them whatever sum may be contributed for the purpose herein mentioned, and if a sufficient amount be obtained, then the Convention to appoint a delegate to proceed immediately to Washington, on receiving information that the anti-slavery men in any two of the other States have appointed a like delegate. DR. BAILEY— I learn from a number of respectable papers, that the proposition I submitted to the public, through the Philanthropist, on the subject of an anti-slavery committee to attend at Washington during the sessions of Congress, has obtained some favorable notice. It is gratifying to know that the spirit of inquiry is alive and awake on this important subject. The expense of such an undertaking, I was aware, would prove an objection, but it is hoped and believed that gentlemen competent to the task could be obtained by the payment of their personal expenses, which need not exceed three hundred dollars. I would suggest the raising that sum by donations of not more than twenty-five cents from one individual. Cannot twelve hundred persons in Ohio be found who will instantly give that sum? Surely the nine hundred and three upright and honest anti-slavery men, who, at the late election, refused to cast their votes for a slaveholder, or a person pledged to sustain and uphold the slave system in our country, would, at once, each give his twenty-five cents. Thus would we commence the work on a sure foundation; and it is presumed that hundreds would give the like sum to obtain the information such committee would be able to afford. But it need not be understood that such donations would be the only means; ladies and gentlemen could contribute what each in their judgment should think proper. Permit me further to suggest, that it is in contemplation to hold an Anti-Slavery Convention at Columbus, and as the Anti-Slavery Convention of Clermont county has recommended an early day for that purpose, which, if not generally acceded to, I hope that another day, as early as convenient, will be fixed upon, and I trust that every county in the State will send delegates. Would it not be well for such delegates to bring with them whatever sum may be contributed for the purpose herein mentioned, and if a sufficient amount be obtained, then the Convention to appoint a delegate to proceed immediately to Washington, on receiving information that the anti-slavery men in any two of the other States have appointed a like delegate. I am one of those who believe that action suitable to the attainment of an object must always be had, before the object be obtained. I have no confidence in faith without works. To free our country from the oppression and curse of slavery, much must be done; to do that work aright, competent knowledge of the subject must be had. Slavery is all around and among us. It exists not only in those States whose constitutions and laws sustain it, but it exists to an alarming extent by connivance and fraud upon the ignorant slave, even in the free States; and I am satisfied, from recent facts which have come to my knowledge, it exists in our own city; you know the facts to which I allude, and I have no doubt will concur with me in opinion. There is another extra-ordinary fact, a part of this pyramid of human abominations; it is wealthy persons in the free States owning slaves in the slaveholding States, and some large plantations of them. Our own Constitution prohibits the existence of slavery amongst us, except as a punishment for crime; it views slavery as a great political evil, and a violent personal wrong, and only justifiable as a punishment for crime. Can he then be considered friendly to our Constitution who is the owner of slaves, though he keep them in another State? Is not such act, morally speaking at least, treason against the Constitution and sovereignty of Ohio, and is it not worthy of consideration that it should be made penal by our laws, and the person convicted thereof be deprived of all his political rights? Let it not be said that we have no power over offences in another state; this is admitted; but in the case above mentioned, the offence is here; where the slaves are, the holding of them is lawful; here it is a violation of the spirit, if not the letter of the Constitution. And as the seat of power is here, the offence of holding such men slaves is here also, and not in the State where the laws of slavery exist, because the slave laws themselves would be a dead letter, if not brought into life by human action. Will not our fellow-citizens consider these things? I have extended this communication farther than I expected when I sat down to write, but the half is not yet told. I am one of those who believe that action suitable to the attainment of an object must always be had, before the object be obtained. I have no confidence in faith without works. faith without works. To free our country from the oppression and curse of slavery, much must be done; to do that work aright, competent knowledge of the subject must be had. Slavery is all around and among us. It exists not only in those States whose constitutions and laws sustain it, but it exists to an alarming extent by connivance and fraud upon the ignorant slave, even in the free States; and I am satisfied, from recent facts which have come to my knowledge, it exists in our own city; you know the facts to which I allude, and I have no doubt will concur with me in opinion. There is another extra-ordinary fact, a part of this pyramid of human abominations; it is wealthy persons in the free States owning slaves in the slaveholding States, and some large plantations of them. Our own Constitution prohibits the existence of slavery amongst us, except as a punishment for crime; it views slavery as a great political evil, and a violent personal wrong, and only justifiable as a punishment for crime. Can he then be considered friendly to our Constitution who is the owner of slaves, though he keep them in another State? Is not such act, morally speaking at least, treason against the Constitution and sovereignty of Ohio, and is it not worthy of consideration that it should be made penal by our laws, and the person convicted thereof be deprived of all his political rights? Let it not be said that we have no power over offences in another state; this is admitted; but in the case above mentioned, the offence is here; where the slaves are, the holding of them is lawful; here it is a violation of the spirit, if not the letter of the Constitution. And as the seat of power is here, the offence of holding such men slaves is here also, and not in the State where the laws of slavery exist, because the slave laws themselves would be a dead letter, if not brought into life by human action. Will not our fellow-citizens consider these things? I have extended this communication farther than I expected when I sat down to write, but the half is not yet told. With respect, yours, &c. With respect, yours, &c. THOMAS MORRIS. THOMAS MORRIS. 

 A Quarterly meeting of the above Society will be held at the Middlesex Hotel, in Concord, on Friday, January 1st, 1841, at 11 o'clock, A.M. A Quarterly meeting of the above Society will be held at the Middlesex Hotel, in Concord, on Friday, January 1st, 1841, at 11 o'clock, A.M. It is hoped that every town in the county will be represented at this meeting. Friends of the slave, of freedom, of equal rights, and all who claim to be human, will you not come and join your counsel in devising the best means to rid our country of the curse of slavery? To one, and all, we say, come. Able advocates of the cause may be expected to be present. It is hoped that every town in the county will be represented at this meeting. Friends of the slave, of freedom, of equal rights, and all who claim to be human, will you not come and join your counsel in devising the best means to rid our country of the curse of slavery? To one, and all, we say, come. Able advocates of the cause may be expected to be present. HARRIS COWDRY, Sec. HARRIS COWDRY, Sec. Sec. Acton, Dec. 8th, 1840. Acton, Dec. 8th, 1840. 

 We have in Brown's Pocket Almanac a chronology of the births, inaugurations and retirements from office of the Presidents of the United States. A book of the kind without the Presidents, would hardly be thought a complete book. It occurred to us, on running over this account, how little there was to be said of any of these worthies, beyond this chronology. Their birth, inaugurations, and exits,— is it not about all their story? What have any of them done for humanity or for God? We know the hazard of the question. It is like speaking lightly of idols in a heathen country. We will speak our mind, however. What has either of these Presidents done to entitle them to honorable remembrance in history? Washington prudently abandoned his military power, when perhaps Caesar, or Alexander, or Burr, or Jackson, would have made themselves absolute with it. They say, too, that Washington was a Christian. We will not deny that here— but we will state an anti-slavery fact of him and of his successors,— all but three of our great presidential list held slaves, while they professed to be democrats— and after they had sworn that mankind were entitled to equal, inalienable liberty. Washington fought the British to make good the doctrine that man could not be enslaved. Then he held slaves during his life. He freed some of them by will, to be sure. But this only proves that he was aware he was doing wrong to hold them. We do not accuse him. Indeed, he was a marvellously good man for a fighting, slaveholding, ambitious christian age and country. Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence, and enslaved his own offspring. Monroe was as distinguished for slaveholding, we believe, as he was for anything. Jackson was a slave-driver. Of the three who did not nominally hold their fellow 'countrymen in chains,' one was a 'northern man with southern principles'— and he goes out of office, and into the grave, and as far down toward posterity as he can drift above water, with this reputation upon him— that he held to slavery without its temptations. His non-slaveholding predecessor, John Quincy Adams, was against the abolition of slavery at the national government-seat. Born in the Bunker Hill State— the child of the Revolution, and son of its 'Ajax Telamon'— he still declared himself against putting a stop to trading in humanity and holding it in brutal slavery at the very government-seat of republican liberty. Posterity has got to hear that of him, and all because he despised the character of an abolitionist. And his father, the third of the non-slave Presidents aforesaid— with 'sink or swim,' on his lips, 'live or die, I am for the Declaration,' the very threshold of which flamed with the self-evident truth, of all men's birthright title to liberty— their inalienable title to liberty— he did live and die— he swam and at last sunk on the very anniversary of his great Declaration— the 4th of July, having suffered one sixth of his countrymen to live and die by his side in unpitied, unremembered bondage. Such were our immortal Presidents— as to the one great item of Liberty. We reproach them not. They were all patriotic— 'all honorable men'— but have we not spoken the truth about them? We ask the people to consider that truth, in the light of history— if not of eternity, We have in Brown's Pocket Almanac a chronology of the births, inaugurations and retirements from office of the Presidents of the United States. A book of the kind without the Presidents, would hardly be thought a complete book. It occurred to us, on running over this account, how little there was to be said of any of these worthies, beyond this chronology. Their birth, inaugurations, and exits,— is it not about all their story? What have any of them done for humanity humanity or for God? We know the hazard of the question. It is like speaking lightly of idols in a heathen country. We will speak our mind, will speak our mind, however. What has either of these Presidents done to entitle them to honorable remembrance in history? Washington prudently abandoned his military power, when perhaps Caesar, or Alexander, or Burr, or Jackson, would have made themselves absolute with it. They say, too, that Washington was a Christian. We will not deny that here— but we will state an anti-slavery fact of him and of his successors,— all but three of our great presidential list held slaves, held slaves, while they professed to be democrats democrats — and after they had sworn that mankind were entitled to equal, inalienable liberty. equal, inalienable liberty. Washington fought the British to make good the doctrine that man could not be enslaved. man could not be enslaved. Then he held slaves during his life. He freed some of them by will, to be sure. But this only proves that he was aware he was doing wrong to hold them. We do not accuse him. Indeed, he was a marvellously good man for a fighting, slaveholding, ambitious christian fighting, slaveholding, ambitious christian age and country. Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence, and enslaved his own offspring. Monroe was as distinguished for slaveholding, we believe, as he was for anything. Jackson was a slave- driver. driver. Of the three who did not nominally hold their fellow 'countrymen in chains,' one was a 'northern man with southern principles'— and he goes out of office, and into the grave, and as far down toward posterity as he can drift above water, with this reputation upon him— that he held to slavery without its temptations. His non-slaveholding predecessor, John Quincy Adams, was against the abolition of slavery at the national government-seat. Born in the Bunker Hill State— the child of the Revolution, and son of its 'Ajax Telamon'— he still declared himself against putting a stop to trading in humanity and holding it in brutal slavery at the very government-seat of republican liberty. Posterity has got to hear that of him, and all because he despised the character of an abolitionist. And his father, the third of the non-slave Presidents aforesaid— with 'sink or swim,' on his lips, 'live or die, I am for the Declaration,' the very threshold of which flamed with the self-evident truth, self-evident truth, of all all men's birthright birthright title to liberty liberty — their inalienable inalienable title to liberty— he did live live and die die — he swam swam and at last sunk sunk on the very anniversary of his great Declaration— the 4th of July, having suffered one sixth of his countrymen to live live and die die by his side in unpitied, unremembered bondage. Such were our immortal Presidents— as to the one great item of Liberty. We reproach them not. They were all patriotic— 'all honorable men'— but have we not spoken the truth about them? We ask the people to consider that truth, in the light of history history — if not of eternity, 

 A series of anti-slavery meetings will be holden in different sections of the city during the winter months, at private houses, which those desiring information on the subject are cordially invited to attend. The first will be at H.B. Loruge's, 2, Madison-street, Monday Evening, 4th instant. A series of anti-slavery meetings will be holden in different sections of the city during the winter months, at private houses, which those desiring information on the subject are cordially invited to attend. The first will be at H.B. Loruge's, 2, Madison-street, Monday Evening, 4th instant. W.M.C. W.M.C. Boston, January 1, 1841. Boston, January 1, 1841. 

 AMESBURY, 18th 12th mo. 1840. AMESBURY, 18th 12th mo. 1840. To the Editor of the Standard: To the Editor of the Standard: To the Editor of the Standard: Some one has been kind enough to forward a number of the Standard, containing the commencement of a review of a letter of mine, in which I am officially informed that I am no longer an abolitionist— and in which I am unceremoniously turned over to those wicked 'new organizationists,' who, according to the editor of the Standard, are less susceptible of anti-slavery impressions, than such pro-slavery mobs as hunted for the life of George Thompson, murdered Lovejoy, and burned Pennsylvania Hall! I am likened to a star shooting madly from its sphere,— launching like Carazan of the Eastern story, into the abyss of infinitude— Some one has been kind enough to forward a number of the Standard, containing the commencement of a review of a letter of mine, in which I am officially informed that I am no longer an abolitionist— and in which I am unceremoniously turned over to those wicked 'new organizationists,' who, according to the editor of the Standard, are less susceptible of anti-slavery impressions, than such pro-slavery mobs as hunted for the life of George Thompson, murdered Lovejoy, and burned Pennsylvania Hall! I am likened to a star shooting madly from its sphere,— launching like Carazan of the Eastern story, into the abyss of infinitude— '----- A comet shorn, '----- A comet shorn, Out into utter darkness borne.' Out into utter darkness borne.' And a mock lamentation is set up over me, which would be pathetic, did it not partake so largely, under all the circumstances of the case, of the ludicrous. And a mock lamentation is set up over me, which would be pathetic, did it not partake so largely, under all the circumstances of the case, of the ludicrous. Now if the editor of the Standard means by all this, simply that he and myself disagree on some points in reference to anti-slavery movements, and if believing, as a matter of course, that his views are correct and mine wrong, he chooses to express in this way, his dissent from my conclusions, and to expose their folly and fallacy, I have nothing to say. Let him argue down or laugh down my heresies, if he can. He may rest assured that I can do justice to a sound argument, even if it overthrows a favorite doctrine; and relish good natured wit and humor, even when exercised at my expense, consoling myself, like Falstaff, with the reflection, that if I have not wit myself, I am 'the cause of wit in others.' Even if brother Rogers should so far shut up the bowels of his compassion, as to quote my own poetry against me, and, as in the case of poor Cinna, the poet in Shakspeare's Julius Ceasar, 'condemn me for my bad verses,' however I might writhe under the infliction, I don't know as I should complain. Now if the editor of the Standard means by all this, simply that he and myself disagree on some points in reference to anti-slavery movements, and if believing, as a matter of course, that his views are correct and mine wrong, he chooses to express in this way, his dissent from my conclusions, and to expose their folly and fallacy, I have nothing to say. Let him argue down or laugh down my heresies, if he can. He may rest assured that I can do justice to a sound argument, even if it overthrows a favorite doctrine; and relish good natured wit and humor, even when exercised at my expense, consoling myself, like Falstaff, with the reflection, that if I have not wit myself, I am 'the cause of wit in others.' Even if brother Rogers should so far shut up the bowels of his compassion, as to quote my my own poetry against me, and, as in the case of poor Cinna, the poet in Shakspeare's Julius Ceasar, 'condemn me for my bad verses,' however I might writhe under the infliction, I don't know as I should complain. But, if Nathaniel P. Rogers means (what his language somewhat strongly implies,) to impeach my character as an honest man— to assail my moral integrity— to brand me with the foul suspicion of treachery and hypocrisy; as one wilfully recreant to the cause of emancipation— I have only to say, that his recent voyage 'in search of a World's Convention,' has wrought in his head and heart 'a sea change' which would have astonished the tenants of Prospero's island— transforming the generous and high-minded Christian gentleman into a false 'accuser of his brethren,'— a Titus Oates swearing away more than the life of his friend. But, if Nathaniel P. Rogers means (what his language somewhat strongly implies,) to impeach my character as an honest man— to assail my moral integrity— to brand me with the foul suspicion of treachery and hypocrisy; as one wilfully recreant to the cause of emancipation— I have only to say, that his recent voyage 'in search of a World's Convention,' has wrought in his head and heart 'a sea change' which would have astonished the tenants of Prospero's island— transforming the generous and high-minded Christian gentleman into a false 'accuser of his brethren,'— a Titus Oates swearing away more than the life of his friend. I am told, in unqualified terms, that I shall never be able to do anything more for that cause to which I have devoted the morning of my life— on whose altar I have laid all that I possessed. Indeed, it may be so. He who, in His 'dealings with the children of men,' has seen fit to visit me with lingering pain and illness, knows whether more labor will be required at my hands in that cause, and, if so, will give me strength to perform it. I will not believe that the editor of the Standard intended to reproach me with an inability, which no one can deplore so deeply as myself. I am told, in unqualified terms, that I shall never be able to do anything more for that cause to which I have devoted the morning of my life— on whose altar I have laid all that I possessed. Indeed, it may be so. He who, in His 'dealings with the children of men,' has seen fit to visit me with lingering pain and illness, knows whether more labor will be required at my hands in that cause, and, if so, will give me strength to perform it. I will not believe that the editor of the Standard intended to reproach me with an inability, which no one can deplore so deeply as myself. I have neither health nor disposition to enter into personal controversy with abolitionists. Whatever others may do, I cannot forget the days that have passed— our common struggles against prejudice and persecution— I cannot forget the disinterested devotion and the sacrifices of those with whom I have been associated— and widely as I may differ with them on some points— greatly as I may believe some of them to err in judgment— I shall be slow to relinquish my faith in their moral integrity; and shall still conceive it to be possible that they may be as honest in what I believe to be their error, as I am in what I conscientiously believe to be the right. I have neither health nor disposition to enter into personal controversy with abolitionists. Whatever others may do, I cannot forget the days that have passed— our common struggles against prejudice and persecution— I cannot forget the disinterested devotion and the sacrifices of those with whom I have been associated— and widely as I may differ with them on some points— greatly as I may believe some of them to err in judgment— I shall be slow to relinquish my faith in their moral integrity; and shall still conceive it to be possible that they may be as honest in what I believe to be their error, as I am in what I conscientiously believe to be the right. To one sentiment in the editor's comments I fully respond, viz: that the South cares very little for abstract resolutions. A wholesomer truth could not well be uttered. It has been the burthen of my testimony for a long time. It has led me to question the practicability of abolishing the slave laws by mere resolutions— and to believe that a discussion, which ends only in discussion, will prove to the poor slave like another feast of the Barmacides— an invitation to the starving to feed upon air. It has led me to doubt the potency of 'moral suasion' against slavery when coupled with its practical support at the ballot-box. It has led me to say with WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON at Edinburgh, that 'I know of no instance in which the oppression of tyranny has been put down by moral suasion; and unless some other influence is brought to bear upon the colossal evil, I fear little will be done to abolish slavery.' It has led me to respect, if I cannot fully imitate, those among us who 'touch not, taste not,' the products of slave labor;— to hail with satisfaction the cotton culture of India,— to honor the practical abolitionism of Birney, Brisbane, and others,— the efforts of Vigilance Committees and of all who aid the fugitive from oppression— of Wattles, Wilson, and their female co-adjutors in the blessed task of instructing and elevating the oppressed colored man. Finally, it has led me to follow the example set by N.P. ROGERS, two years ago, viz: to nominate anti-slavery candidates where none such are in the field, and to invite all who love humanity to rally to their support. To one sentiment in the editor's comments I fully respond, viz: that the South cares very little for abstract abstract resolutions. A wholesomer truth could not well be uttered. It has been the burthen of my testimony for a long time. It has led me to question the practicability of abolishing the slave laws by mere resolutions— and to believe that a discussion, which ends only in discussion, ends only in discussion, will prove to the poor slave like another feast of the Barmacides— an invitation to the starving to feed upon air. It has led me to doubt the potency of 'moral suasion' against slavery when coupled with its practical support practical support at the ballot-box. It has led me to say with WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON at Edinburgh, that 'I know of no instance in which the oppression of tyranny has been put down by moral suasion; and unless some other influence is brought to bear upon the colossal evil, I fear little will be done to abolish slavery.' It has led me to respect, if I cannot fully imitate, those among us who 'touch not, taste not,' the products of slave labor;— to hail with satisfaction the cotton culture of India,— to honor the practical abolitionism practical abolitionism of Birney, Brisbane, and others,— the efforts of Vigilance Committees and of all who aid the fugitive from oppression— of Wattles, Wilson, and their female co-adjutors in the blessed task of instructing and elevating the oppressed colored man. Finally, it has led me to follow the example set by N.P. ROGERS, two years ago, viz: to nominate anti-slavery candidates where none such are in the field, and to invite all who love humanity to rally to their support. Truly thy friend, Truly thy friend, JOHN G. WHITTIER. JOHN G. WHITTIER. 

 The lecture on Tuesday evening, January 5th, at the Smith School-Room, will be delivered by Mr. WILLIAM M. CHACE. The lecture on Tuesday evening, January 5th, at the Smith School-Room, will be delivered by Mr. WILLIAM M. CHACE. Subject— Phrenology not Fatalism. Subject— Phrenology not Fatalism. Phrenology not Fatalism. To commence at 7 o'clock. To commence at 7 o'clock. JOEL W. LEWIS, President. JOEL W. LEWIS, President. President. WILLIAM C. NELL, Sec. pro tem. WILLIAM C. NELL, Sec. pro tem. Sec. pro tem. 

 At a meeting of the Committee of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, held at 27 New Broad-street, London, on Wednesday the 2d day of December, 1840: Jacob Post, Esq., in the chair. At a meeting of the Committee of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, held at 27 New Broad-street, London, on Wednesday the 2d day of December, 1840: Jacob Post, Esq., in the chair. It was unanimously resolved— It was unanimously resolved— 1. That, inasmuch as the system of slavery forms an intregal part of the Constitutional law of the new Republic of Texas, this Committee have heard, with feelings of the deepest sorrow and humiliation, that her Majesty's Government have been induced to enter into a commercial treaty with its representative, by which act that Republic has been introduced to the high distinction of a place among the great family of civilized nations, and that thus the moral dignity and national honor of this great country have been outraged— the dearest interests of multitudes of human beings— their liberty and happiness trampled under foot— a fearful impulse given to slavery and the slave trade— and the sacred cause of our Christianity, civilization, and freedom, immeasurably retarded. 1. That, inasmuch as the system of slavery forms an intregal part of the Constitutional law of the new Republic of Texas, this Committee have heard, with feelings of the deepest sorrow and humiliation, that her Majesty's Government have been induced to enter into a commercial treaty with its representative, by which act that Republic has been introduced to the high distinction of a place among the great family of civilized nations, and that thus the moral dignity and national honor of this great country have been outraged— the dearest interests of multitudes of human beings— their liberty and happiness trampled under foot— a fearful impulse given to slavery and the slave trade— and the sacred cause of our Christianity, civilization, and freedom, immeasurably retarded. 2. That in the view of the great fact, that the legislature of this country, stimulated by the Christian zeal of its people, has abolished for ever the guilty traffic in human beings, and terminated the atrocious system of bondage which formerly existed in the British colonies, and that the Government has perseveringly, if not hitherto successfully, sought the entire suppression of the foreign slave trade, at an enormous cost of the national treasure and of human life, the Committee cannot but express their great astonishment as well as their profound regret, that her Majesty's ministers should have entered into friendly relations with a people whose first act, after a successful but wholly unjustifiable revolt, was to ingraft on their constitution the system of slavery, to create a slave trade between the United States and themselves, as well as for the utter expulsion of all free persons of African descent, and the final extirpation of the aboriginal tribes, from the soil, and thus to violate every principle of humanity and justice, and to consolidate, extend, and perpetuate slavery and the slave trade in a country which, as part of the empire, had been previously devoted to freedom. 2. That in the view of the great fact, that the legislature of this country, stimulated by the Christian zeal of its people, has abolished for ever the guilty traffic in human beings, and terminated the atrocious system of bondage which formerly existed in the British colonies, and that the Government has perseveringly, if not hitherto successfully, sought the entire suppression of the foreign slave trade, at an enormous cost of the national treasure and of human life, the Committee cannot but express their great astonishment as well as their profound regret, that her Majesty's ministers should have entered into friendly relations with a people whose first act, after a successful but wholly unjustifiable revolt, was to ingraft on their constitution the system of slavery, to create a slave trade between the United States and themselves, as well as for the utter expulsion of all free persons of African descent, and the final extirpation of the aboriginal tribes, from the soil, and thus to violate every principle of humanity and justice, and to consolidate, extend, and perpetuate slavery and the slave trade in a country which, as part of the empire, had been previously devoted to freedom. 3. That therefore this Committee, as the organ of anti-slavery principles and feelings of the country, feel bound to enter their solemn protest against the recognition of the independence of Texas as a most immoral and impolitic act, alike uncalled for by the justice or the exigency of the case, as fraught with the most injurious consequences to mankind, and as consequently deserving the unqualified reprobation of all good men. 3. That therefore this Committee, as the organ of anti-slavery principles and feelings of the country, feel bound to enter their solemn protest against the recognition of the independence of Texas as a most immoral and impolitic act, alike uncalled for by the justice or the exigency of the case, as fraught with the most injurious consequences to mankind, and as consequently deserving the unqualified reprobation of all good men. (Signed) (Signed) JACOB POST, Chairman. JACOB POST, Chairman. Chairman. 

 MARRIED— On the 17th ult, by Rev. J.C. Beman, Mr. John Winston, of Boston, to Miss Mary H. Swan, of Newburyport. MARRIED— On the 17th ult, by Rev. J.C. Beman, Mr. John Winston, of Boston, to Miss Mary H. Swan, of Newburyport. In Andover, on Monday last, Mrs. Dolly Abbott, wife of Isaac Abbott, aged 32 years. In the death of Mrs. A. religion has lost one of its brightest ornaments— the anti-slavery cause, a firm and ardent friend— the neighborhood where she resided, a useful member— and society generally, one whose feet were always ready to run on errands of mercy, and contribute to its elevation. Mrs. Abbott was a member of the Andover Female Anti-Slavery Society, and has attended several meetings of the Essex County Women's Anti-Slavery Conference. She lived beloved, and died lamented by all who knew her. 'The righteous hath hope in his death.' In Andover, on Monday last, Mrs. Dolly Abbott, wife of Isaac Abbott, aged 32 years. In the death of Mrs. A. religion has lost one of its brightest ornaments— the anti-slavery cause, a firm and ardent friend— the neighborhood where she resided, a useful member— and society generally, one whose feet were always ready to run on errands of mercy, and contribute to its elevation. Mrs. Abbott was a member of the Andover Female Anti-Slavery Society, and has attended several meetings of the Essex County Women's Anti-Slavery Conference. She lived beloved, and died lamented by all who knew her. 'The righteous hath hope in his death.' F. F. 

 Our readers will remember that we referred, a few weeks since, to a Sabbath Convention, which Bishop Morris, and some others connected with the Methodist E. Church, were concerned in getting up, in Cincinnati. One of the first objects, in calling that Convention, was to promote the better observance of the holy Sabbath. Our readers will remember that we referred, a few weeks since, to a Sabbath Convention, Convention, which Bishop Morris, and some others connected with the Methodist E. Church, were concerned in getting up, in Cincinnati. One of the first objects, in calling that Convention, was to promote the better observance of the holy Sabbath. Well, the Convention met, at the time appointed, and, in the course of the discussions, (as we learn from a report of its proceedings in the Cincinnati Observer,) the following incidents took place:— Well, the Convention met, at the time appointed, and, in the course of the discussions, (as we learn from a report of its proceedings in the Cincinnati Observer,) the following incidents took place:— Rev. Dyer Burgess, West Union, O.,— Thought that Society needed a thorough reformation on the subject of the Sabbath, and it should begin with clergymen. He thought that the men with black coats ought by church discipline to be compelled to keep the Sabbath; and that the men with black skins ought to be permitted to keep it. Rev. Dyer Burgess, Dyer Burgess, West Union, O.,— Thought that Society needed a thorough reformation on the subject of the Sabbath, and it should begin with clergymen. He thought that the men with black coats ought by church discipline to be compelled compelled to keep the Sabbath; and that the men with black skins ought to be permitted permitted to keep it. ----— Armstrong, Esq., of Ky.,— Hoped they were not to be taunted with the negroes in that Convention. Did any one suppose there was a Christian in all the land who compelled his black people to labor on the Sabbath? ----— Armstrong, Armstrong, Esq., of Ky.,— Hoped they were not to be taunted with the negroes in that Convention. Did any one suppose there was a Christian in all the land who compelled his black people to labor on the Sabbath? Rev. Mr. Sehon, M.E. Church, Cincinnati.— Concurred in the sentiments last expressed. He, for one, could not consent to be considered a member of a Convention where such subjects were to be lugged in. Rev. Mr. Sehon, Mr. Sehon, M.E. Church, Cincinnati.— Concurred in the sentiments last expressed. He, for one, could not consent to be considered a member of a Convention where such subjects were to be lugged in. What consistency! The Convention was called for the avowed purpose of considering the obligations resting upon all to keep the Sabbath. And when a slight allusion is made to the condition of three millions among us, who are not permitted to keep it, a minister of the M.E. Church declares that HE cannot consent to be considered a member of a Convention where such a subject is 'lugged in'!!! What consistency! consistency! The Convention was called for the avowed purpose avowed purpose of considering the obligations resting upon all to keep the Sabbath. And when a slight allusion is made to the condition of three millions among us, who are not permitted to keep it, a minister of the M.E. Church declares that HE cannot consent consent to be considered a member of a Convention where such such a subject is 'lugged in'!!! 'lugged in'!!! 

 PROCEEDINGS of the Society of Friends, in the case of William Bassett. Just published, and for sale at 25, Cornhill, and by J.N. BUFFUM, Lynn. Jan. 1. PROCEEDINGS of the Society of Friends, in the case of William Bassett. Just published, and for sale at 25, Cornhill, and by J.N. BUFFUM, Lynn. Jan. 1. 

 BOSTON, Dec. 28, 1840. BOSTON, Dec. 28, 1840. BRO. GARRISON: BRO. GARRISON: In your brief remarks last week upon my letter in the Lynn Record, are a few points to which I wish to direct your attention. In your brief remarks last week upon my letter in the Lynn Record, are a few points to which I wish to direct your attention. 1. You say my article is the 'veriest piece of mischief-making (you) have seen for a long time.' 1. You say my article is the 'veriest piece of mischief-making (you) have seen for a long time.' This is your individual opinion. You know that there are others who entertain the opposite opinion; and you know too, that I profess at least to have written the article for the purpose of promoting the good of the Society, and not 'mischief.' Why, then, did you not, as a friend to free inquiry and free opinion, publish it, that your readers might have the opportunity of judging of its 'mischief' for themselves? This is your individual opinion. You know that there are others who entertain the opposite opinion; and you know too, that I profess at least to have written the article for the purpose of promoting the good of the Society, and not 'mischief.' Why, then, did you not, as a friend to free inquiry and free opinion, publish it, that your readers might have the opportunity of judging of its 'mischief' for themselves? 2. You say that it: casts some reflections upon the Board of Managers of the State Anti-Slavery Society.' 2. You say that it: casts some reflections upon the Board of Managers of the State Anti-Slavery Society.' This, I think, is not so; certainly not unless some of the facts stated in it are supposed to 'reflect.' Whether they do, is a question upon which the reader should judge for himself. But if they do reflect, is the fault mine? or is it the fault of those who have made the facts what they are? This, I think, is not so; certainly not unless some of the facts stated in it are supposed to 'reflect.' Whether they do, is a question upon which the reader should judge for himself. But if they do reflect, is the fault mine? or is it the fault of those who have made the facts what they are? 3. Again, you say it 'calls for a detailed account of all the doings and operations of the Society for the public eye.' 3. Again, you say it 'calls for a detailed account of all the doings and operations of the Society for the public eye.' This is a mistake. The request for information to be laid before the friends of the Society, covers considerable ground; but not all the ground that you state. Other questions about the 'doings and operations of the Society' might be multiplied to an indefinite extent. This is a mistake. The request for information to be laid before the friends of the Society, covers considerable ground; but not all the ground that you state. Other questions about the 'doings and operations of the Society' might be multiplied to an indefinite extent. 4. 'To make this exposition, the Board have no objection, provided it be demanded by the Society.' 4. 'To make this exposition, the Board have no objection, provided it be demanded by the Society.' I shall not controvert this statement; and I am glad the statement is made. Time will show whether or not any influences are put in motion (as I hope none will be) to induce the Society not to call for the information asked in my communication. But how far may an individual inquire into the affairs of the Society, without subjecting himself to the charge of 'mischief-making?' And is there nothing but the regular 'demand' of the Society, made in meeting assembled, which will ever induce the Board to give information, such as is requested in my letter? Again, will the Board prepare definite answers to the questions previous to the approaching annual meeting, and permit any friends of the Society who may be present at that gathering, to examine both the answers and the books from which they were taken? Or, if not, will the Board prepare the answers, and let the Society decide whether individuals may examine them and the books of accounts? This Board, I am sure, will confer a favor upon many friends, by doing according to either of the two last propositions. And if so much as this should be intimated, it would put this matter very happily to rest until the annual meeting. I shall not controvert this statement; and I am glad the statement is made. Time will show whether or not any influences are put in motion (as I hope none will be) to induce the Society not to call not to call for the information asked in my communication. But how far may an individual individual inquire into the affairs of the Society, without subjecting himself to the charge of 'mischief-making?' And is there nothing but the regular 'demand' 'demand' of the Society, made in meeting assembled, which will ever induce the Board to give information, such as is requested in my letter? Again, will the Board prepare definite answers to the questions previous to the approaching annual meeting, and permit any friends of the Society who may be present at that gathering, to examine both the answers and the books from which they were taken? Or, if not, will the Board prepare the answers, and let the Society decide whether individuals may examine them and the books of accounts? This Board, I am sure, will confer a favor upon many friends, by doing according to either of the two last propositions. And if so much as this should be intimated, it would put this matter very happily to rest until the annual meeting. 5. You say I have taken the course I have 'because the Board have refused to allow themselves to be dragged before the public at (my) individual request.' 5. You say I have taken the course I have 'because 'because the Board have refused to allow themselves to be dragged before the public at (my) individual request.' Is Mr. Bosson, who joined in the request, nothing? And is it nothing that we made the request in behalf of others as well as ourselves? But my reasons I very frankly stated, so far as I thought it necessary, in my letter in the Record. What is the evidence that I stated them falsely, and that I have acted from the reason you assign? I thank you, however, for assigning this, as it exonerates me from being moved by the still baser motives which some individuals, from whose standing in Society and the cause we should expect better things, have seen it expedient to charge upon me. And what is my fault? Why, I have differed from some of you in opinion. Is Mr. Bosson, who joined in the request, nothing? And is it nothing that we made the request in behalf of others as well as ourselves? But my reasons reasons I very frankly stated, so far as I thought it necessary, in my letter in the Record. What is the evidence that I stated them falsely, and that I have acted from the reason you assign? I thank you, however, for assigning this, as it exonerates me from being moved by the still baser motives which some individuals, from whose standing in Society and the cause we should expect better things, have seen it expedient to charge upon me. And what is my fault? Why, I have differed from some of you in opinion. 6. You say I 'seem disposed to do as much mischief as possible;' meaning, I suppose, injury to the Mass. Anti-Slavery Society. 6. You say I 'seem disposed to do as much mischief as possible;' meaning, I suppose, injury to the Mass. Anti-Slavery Society. Of this you are mistaken; the truth is directly the reverse. If you knew nothing of this matter except what is printed, I should not so much wonder at your statement; but as it is, I do greatly wonder. Of this you are mistaken; the truth is directly the reverse. If you knew nothing of this matter except what is printed, I should not so much so much wonder at your statement; but as it is, I do greatly wonder. 7. You give what one who had not seen the Lynn Record, would understand to be the action of the Board upon my letter in the Record. 7. You give what one who had not seen the Lynn Record, would understand to be the action of the Board upon my letter in the Record. The truth is, it was the action of the Board upon a written communication, and was copied by me into the public letter itself. My remarks upon that action the reader, will see if you will be so good as to comply with the request which I here present you, to reprint my communication from the Record, so that all may have the opportunity of judging for themselves. The truth is, it was the action of the Board upon a written communication, and was copied by me into the public letter itself. My remarks upon that action the reader, will see if you will be so good as to comply with the request which I here present you, to reprint my communication from the Record, so that all may have the opportunity of judging for themselves. I have said what I have, as I felt called to by way of explanation and defence, but I have no desire to forestal the action of the annual meeting. I am willing, having said what I felt bound to say, that all matters involved should be decided then. It is my desire, and even hope, that such a presentation of affairs will then be made, that I shall appear to be altogether in the wrong, in anything upon which I have had the unhappiness to differ from yourself and the Board. I have said what I have, as I felt called to by way of explanation and defence, but I have no desire to forestal the action of the annual meeting. I am willing, having said what I felt bound to say, that all matters involved should be decided then. It is my desire, and even hope, that such a presentation of affairs will then be made, that I shall appear to be altogether in the wrong, in anything upon which I have had the unhappiness to differ from yourself and the Board. Very respectfully yours, J.P. BISHOP. Very respectfully yours, J.P. BISHOP. 

 Escaped from all the perils of the sea—.Storms, shoals, the angry and engulfing waves—Here stand we, on a savage shore,— all free—Thy freemen, Lord! and not of man the slaves!Here will we toil and serve thee, till our gravesOn these bleak bills shall open. When the bloodThou poorest now, so warm, along our veinsShall westward flow, till Mississippi's floodGives to our children's children his broad plains,Ne'er let them wear, O God, or forge a bondman's chains!December 5th, 1840. Escaped from all the perils of the sea—.Storms, shoals, the angry and engulfing waves—Here stand we, on a savage shore,— all free—Thy freemen, Lord! and not of man the slaves!Here will we toil and serve thee, till our gravesOn these bleak bills shall open. When the bloodThou poorest now, so warm, along our veinsShall westward flow, till Mississippi's floodGives to our children's children his broad plains,Ne'er let them          wear wear , O God, or forge forge a bondman's chains!December 5th, 1840.  

 WEST WRENTHAM, Dec. 5, 1840. WEST WRENTHAM, Dec. 5, 1840. At the quarterly meeting of the West Wrentham Anti-Slavery Society, holden Nov. 30, the following resolutions were unanimously adopted; after which, it was voted that they be sent for publication in the Liberator. At the quarterly meeting of the West Wrentham Anti-Slavery Society, holden Nov. 30, the following resolutions were unanimously adopted; after which, it was voted that they be sent for publication in the Liberator. Resolved, That we highly approve of the respect shown by our mother country to Mr. Remond, a colored delegate from the American Anti-Slavery Society, and other persons of color; and that it ought to put to the blush those Americans who feel above riding in a stage, car, or steamboat, with a colored person, or sitting by their side in a house of public worship. Resolved, That we highly approve of the respect shown by our mother country to Mr. Remond, a colored delegate from the American Anti-Slavery Society, and other persons of color; and that it ought to put to the blush those Americans who feel above riding in a stage, car, or steamboat, with a colored person, or sitting by their side in a house of public worship. Whereas, The Worcester Baptist Association, at their annual meeting in Westborough, in August last, did take up the subject of slavery, and passed several resolutions thereon, which have been published in the Liberator, of Nov. 20— Therefore, Whereas, The Worcester Baptist Association, at their annual meeting in Westborough, in August last, did take up the subject of slavery, and passed several resolutions thereon, which have been published in the Liberator, of Nov. 20— Therefore, Resolved, That we highly approve the sentiments contained in those resolves, particularly those offered by Prof. Newton, of Waterville, making it the duty of all Christians, and especially of all Christian ministers, to inform themselves, and to impart instruction to others, on this important subject. Resolved, That we highly approve the sentiments contained in those resolves, particularly those offered by Prof. Newton, of Waterville, making it the duty of all Christians, and especially of all Christian ministers, to inform themselves, and to impart instruction to others, on this important subject. Resolved, That we highly approve the recommendation of the Hon. Thomas Morris, of Ohio, that there be an Anti-Slavery Convention held at the city of Washington, during the next session of Congress. Resolved, That we highly approve the recommendation of the Hon. Thomas Morris, of Ohio, that there be an Anti-Slavery Convention held at the city of Washington, during the next session of Congress. Resolved, That in the recent doings of the Legislature of Vermont, we have another evidence that the principles of anti-slavery are going down into the hearts and consciences of the people, and preparing the way for its final triumph. Resolved, That in the recent doings of the Legislature of Vermont, we have another evidence that the principles of anti-slavery are going down into the hearts and consciences of the people, and preparing the way for its final triumph. ELIZA C. WARE, See. ELIZA C. WARE, See. See. 

 We pleaded in the negro's cause, We pleaded in the negro's cause, Fought for his liberties and laws, Fought for his liberties and laws, While million voices sung applause, While million voices sung applause, The many gainst the few: The many gainst the few: Yours in a harder task, to lead Yours in a harder task, to lead Few against many; but the meed Few against many; but the meed Of nobler strife and bolder deed Of nobler strife and bolder deed Shall honor you. Shall honor you. OUR fathers and your fathers bore OUR fathers and your your fathers bore The spirit-stirring strife of yore, The spirit-stirring strife of yore, Our shores flung on your welcoming shore, Our shores flung on your welcoming shore, The patriot-pilgrims' sail:— The patriot-pilgrims' sail:— And ye are worthy of the name, And ye are worthy of the name, And the bright ancestry ye claim; And the bright ancestry ye claim; The same the sires— the sons the same— The same the sires— the sons the same— Hail! brothers! hail! Hail! brothers! hail! Westminster, (England,) June16, 1840. Westminster, (England,) June16, 1840. 

 MILLBURY, Dec. 19, 1840. MILLBURY, Dec. 19, 1840. To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator: SIR— At a regular meeting of the Female Anti-Slavery Society in Sept. last, the following resolution was passed unanimously in behalf of our beloved and much-abused friend, ABBY KELLEY. Will you please give it an insertion in your paper? It may have weight with the sensible portion of community, who are ignorant of her real character, which has ever been unimpeachable. SIR— At a regular meeting of the Female Anti-Slavery Society in Sept. last, the following resolution was passed unanimously in behalf of our beloved and much-abused friend, ABBY KELLEY. Will you please give it an insertion in your paper? It may have weight with the sensible portion of community, who are ignorant of her real character, which has ever been unimpeachable. Resolved; That we deeply sympathize with our esteemed friend and coadjutor, ABBY KELLEY, in the manifold trials she has to endure for the slave's sake; and, from personal acquaintance, would recommend her to those with whom she is called to labor as one of the ablest advocates of the slave. Resolved; That we deeply sympathize with our esteemed friend and coadjutor, ABBY KELLEY, in the manifold trials she has to endure for the slave's sake; and, from personal acquaintance, would recommend her to those with whom she is called to labor as one of the ablest advocates of the slave. In behalf of the Society, In behalf of the Society, ORILLA KENDRICK, Pres. ORILLA KENDRICK, Pres. Pres. A.B. HUMPHREY, Sec. A.B. HUMPHREY, Sec. Sec. The Quincy Railway Company have contracted to finish the portico of the new 'Winter Street Church' in this city, Corinthian columns, 30 feet in height, made of hewn Quincy granite.— Times. The Quincy Railway Company have contracted to finish the portico of the new 'Winter Street Church' in this city, Corinthian columns, 30 feet in height, made of hewn Quincy granite.— Times. Times. 'Corinthian columns, 30 feet in height!' Thus modern Christians imitate the humility of their professed Muster, who went about, it is said, in coarse garments, and preached in unfinished 'upper chambers,' and was so poor in purse that he had 'not where to lay his head.' How beautifully his 'servants' imitate his example! 'Corinthian columns 30 feet in height!' How lowly, meek, and humble; how peculiarly devoid of every thing like ostentation and show; and how perfectly appropriate to adorn a building in which are to be taught humility and meekness! The 'evidences' of the truth of Christianity do crowd upon us so fast in these latter days, that it is indeed melancholy to think how any man, with such a flood of light, can be a sceptic!— Boston Investigator. 'Corinthian columns, 30 feet in height!' Thus modern Christians imitate the humility of their professed Muster, who went about, it is said, in coarse garments, and preached in unfinished 'upper chambers,' and was so poor in purse that he had 'not where to lay his head.' How beautifully his 'servants' imitate his example! 'Corinthian columns 30 feet in height!' How lowly, meek, and humble; how peculiarly devoid of every thing like ostentation and show; and how perfectly appropriate to adorn a building in which are to be taught humility and meekness! The 'evidences' of the truth of Christianity do crowd upon us so fast in these latter days, that it is indeed melancholy to think how any man, with such a flood of light, can be a sceptic!— Boston Investigator. Boston Investigator. The rebuke of the Investigator is certainly well merited; but if the paper sees so clearly that such ostentation is not in accordance with the spirit of the Saviour, why does it throw its sarcasm upon Christianity, and from the folly or extravagance of religious professors attempt to derive an argument in favor of skepticism?— Ed. Lib. The rebuke of the Investigator is certainly well merited; but if the paper sees so clearly that such ostentation is not in accordance with the spirit of the Saviour, why does it throw its sarcasm upon Christianity, and from the folly or extravagance of religious professors attempt to derive an argument in favor of skepticism?— Ed. Lib. Ed. Lib. 

 A little child! and yet he spake as one A little child! and yet he spake as one Having authority of God to pour Having authority of God to pour The living words of liberty before The living words of liberty before The wise and prudent, till his life was done. The wise and prudent, till his life was done. Oh, in that hour a nobler day begun! Oh, in that hour a nobler day begun! And all who would the broken heart restore, And all who would the broken heart restore, Or open wide the bondman's prison door, Or open wide the bondman's prison door, Are brethren of that well-beloved Son. Are brethren of that well-beloved Son. His spirit is upon them when they preach His spirit is upon them when they preach Liberty to the captive, and unbind Liberty to the captive, and unbind By the free utterance of the word they teach, By the free utterance of the word they teach, The spirits of long manacled mankind. The spirits of long manacled mankind. They thank thee, Father! that thou bast revealed They thank thee, Father! that thou bast revealed Thy counsels unto babes, though aged eyes are sealed. Thy counsels unto babes, though aged eyes are sealed. 

 We commence, this day, the eleventh volume of the Liberator. Ten years, therefore, have transpired, since we unfurled our standard to the breeze. Would to heaven that there were no longer any occasion for it!— that liberty had been proclaimed to all the inhabitants of the country!— that an end had been put to slavery and the slave trade forever! But, alas! more than half a million of victims have been added to the slave population during this brief period, and nearly as many have gone down to the grave and to the bar of God, as swift witnesses against the white inhabitants of the land! The solemn question should now be honestly propounded to every soul— Upon whose garments rest the stains of blood? Who has participated in these awful robberies and murders, or connived at their perpetration? Let the question go round with the same anxiety and sincerity that were displayed by the disciples when Jesus gave the assurance that one of them should betray him— 'Lord, is it I?' Yet not in vain have we lifted up the banner of emancipation. Hundreds of thousands have rallied under it, determined to 'do or die' for the abolition of slavery, and a mighty work of preparation for an approaching jubilee has been accomplished. In less than ten years, we hope to record the final emancipation of every slave now groaning on our soil. We are at least ten years nearer that glorious result than when we commenced our labors. From the post that we fill, occupying the whole field of operations both on the part of our enemy and those who are leagued for his destruction, we testify that, not-withstanding the unhappy divisions that have taken place among those who ought to act together in concert, and the various drawbacks our cause has had to encounter, the friends of equal rights have great reason to rejoice and take courage. There is no cause for despondency. We commence, this day, the eleventh volume of the Liberator. Ten years, therefore, have transpired, since we unfurled our standard to the breeze. Would to heaven that there were no longer any occasion for it!— that liberty had been proclaimed to all the inhabitants of the country!— that an end had been put to slavery and the slave trade forever! But, alas! more than half a million of victims have been added to the slave population during this brief period, and nearly as many have gone down to the grave and to the bar of God, as swift witnesses against the white inhabitants of the land! The solemn question should now be honestly propounded to every soul— Upon whose garments rest the stains of blood? Who has participated in these awful robberies and murders, or connived at their perpetration? Let the question go round with the same anxiety and sincerity that were displayed by the disciples when Jesus gave the assurance that one of them should betray him— 'Lord, is it I?' Yet not in vain have we lifted up the banner of emancipation. Hundreds of thousands have rallied under it, determined to 'do or die' for the abolition of slavery, and a mighty work of preparation for an approaching jubilee has been accomplished. In less than ten years, we hope to record the final emancipation of every slave now groaning on our soil. We are at least ten years nearer that glorious result than when we commenced our labors. From the post that we fill, occupying the whole field of operations both on the part of our enemy and those who are leagued for his destruction, we testify that, not-withstanding the unhappy divisions that have taken place among those who ought to act together in concert, and the various drawbacks our cause has had to encounter, the friends of equal rights have great reason to rejoice and take courage. There is no cause for despondency. The commencement of a new volume is a favorable period to extend the subscription list of the Liberator; and we hope our friends will make some special efforts to accomplish this desirable object. Let them remember that our enemies are active and powerful, who spare no opportunity to cripple the circulation of our paper; and that correspondent efforts are necessary, on their part, to prevent its extermination. It is needless to add, that the number of subscribers is not sufficient to meet its expenses; for this is probably the case with every anti-slavery journal in the country. Those who are disposed to make donations for its support can do so with the certainty that their gifts will be faithfully applied, as a more honorable or trust-worthy committee cannot be found in the land, than is entrusted with the pecuniary concerns of our establishment. The names of such men as Francis Jackson, Ellis Gray Loring, Samuel Philbrick, Edmund Quincy, and William Bassett, are a sufficient guaranty that the paper is under the very best supervision. We offer our grateful thanks to the committee for their generous co-operation during the past year. They are not the men to need from us a multiplicity of words. The commencement of a new volume is a favorable period to extend the subscription list of the Liberator; and we hope our friends will make some special efforts to accomplish this desirable object. Let them remember that our enemies are active and powerful, who spare no opportunity to cripple the circulation of our paper; and that correspondent efforts are necessary, on their part, to prevent its extermination. It is needless to add, that the number of subscribers is not sufficient to meet its expenses; for this is probably the case with every anti-slavery journal in the country. Those who are disposed to make donations for its support can do so with the certainty that their gifts will be faithfully applied, as a more honorable or trust-worthy committee cannot be found in the land, than is entrusted with the pecuniary concerns of our establishment. The names of such men as Francis Jackson, Ellis Gray Loring, Samuel Philbrick, Edmund Quincy, and William Bassett, are a sufficient guaranty that the paper is under the very best supervision. We offer our grateful thanks to the committee for their generous co-operation during the past year. They are not the men to need from us a multiplicity of words. Whatever else may be said of the Liberator, its claims to editorial impartiality, independence and magnanimity have not been invalidated. Its course towards opponents has been liberal beyond that of any other journal in the country. Whatever the enemies of the anti-slavery cause have written to retard its progress, we have been careful to publish. On the subject of non-resistance, we are constantly on the watch to collect all that we can find in our numerous exchange papers against the doctrine, to lay it before our readers, and almost always without note or comment. This is also the course we have pursued in regard to the recent Sabbath Convention, and to whatever unpopular opinions we hold and avow. Is not this a peculiarity which appertains to no other periodical so fully as to the Liberator in the whole world? Whatever else may be said of the Liberator, its claims to editorial impartiality, independence and magnanimity have not been invalidated. Its course towards opponents has been liberal beyond that of any other journal in the country. Whatever the enemies of the anti-slavery cause have written to retard its progress, we have been careful to publish. On the subject of non-resistance, we are constantly on the watch to collect all that we can find in our numerous exchange papers against the doctrine, to lay it before our readers, and almost always without note or comment. This is also the course we have pursued in regard to the recent Sabbath Convention, and to whatever unpopular opinions we hold and avow. Is not this a peculiarity which appertains to no other periodical so fully as to the Liberator in the whole world? The following extract is from a letter received from a venerable and highly esteemed member of the Society of Friends residing in Philadelphia: The following extract is from a letter received from a venerable and highly esteemed member of the Society of Friends residing in Philadelphia: 'I hope the Liberator may be supported by the friends of freedom, long after every fetter has fallen from every slave in our land of professed light, liberty and law; for I know of very few if any editors, except that of the Liberator, who stand upon independent ground, prepared to speak out at all times, in high places and low places, without fear, favor or affection. I am very solicitous that it may be supported by subscription, and many more of a similar character added to it; for if there is not righteousness enough in the United States to support one free and independent press, then, truly, the advocates for freedom and equal rights will have to mourn, as recommended by one of the Lord's prophets, in ancient time, between the porch and the altar, saying, 'Spare thy people, oh Lord, and give not thine heritage to reproach.' So much of the paper as has been taken up with the peace question has been truly satisfactory to me, fully believing as I do that the principles set forth and practised by Jesus Christ are essential to salvation, and that all must come to be governed by the same principle and spirit that were in Jesus, before we can have any substantial claim to happiness here in time, or a well-grounded hope of eternal rest, when the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary soul will forever be at rest. I hope I shall be able to send a few more subscribers before long. Although the popular sentiment of this neighborhood is pro-slavery, yet I think it is changing in favor of the poor oppressed, down-trodden slave.' 'I hope the Liberator may be supported by the friends of freedom, long after every fetter has fallen from every slave in our land of professed light, liberty and law; for I know of very few if any editors, except that of the Liberator, who stand upon independent ground, prepared to speak out at all times, in high places and low places, without fear, favor or affection. I am very solicitous that it may be supported by subscription, and many more of a similar character added to it; for if there is not righteousness enough in the United States to support one free and independent press, then, truly, the advocates for freedom and equal rights will have to mourn, as recommended by one of the Lord's prophets, in ancient time, between the porch and the altar, saying, 'Spare thy people, oh Lord, and give not thine heritage to reproach.' So much of the paper as has been taken up with the peace question has been truly satisfactory to me, fully believing as I do that the principles set forth and practised by Jesus Christ are essential to salvation, and that all must come to be governed by the same principle and spirit that were in Jesus, before we can have any substantial claim to happiness here in time, or a well-grounded hope of eternal rest, when the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary soul will forever be at rest. I hope I shall be able to send a few more subscribers before long. Although the popular sentiment of this neighborhood is pro-slavery, yet I think it is changing in favor of the poor oppressed, down-trodden slave.' The Greenfield Gazette and Mercury, of this week, contains the following panegyric— for such we regard it, coming from that quarter: The Greenfield Gazette and Mercury, of this week, contains the following panegyric— for such we regard it, coming from that quarter: GARRISON AND THE LIBERATOR.— Mr. Grew, of Philadelphia, has withdrawn his subscription from the Liberator, on account of the unchristian sentiments advocated in it. The withdrawal is accompanied by an able article, giving his reasons for the step. The number in this section, we believe, is increasing, who think as Mr. Grew does, that the paper is grossly heretical in its character, and unworthy the support of a Christian community. The no-human government, and the women's rights doctrines advocated by it, Garrison will eventually find to his cost, we believe, is no go among the intelligent citizens of Massachusetts. They will not act with him. GARRISON AND THE LIBERATOR.— Mr. Grew, of Philadelphia, has withdrawn his subscription from the Liberator, on account of the unchristian sentiments advocated in it. The withdrawal is accompanied by an able article, giving his reasons for the step. The number in this section, we believe, is increasing, who think as Mr. Grew does, that the paper is grossly heretical in its character, and unworthy the support of a Christian community. The no-human government, The no-human government, and the women's rights doctrines advocated by it, Garrison will eventually find to his cost, we believe, is no go among the intelligent citizens of Massachusetts. They will not act with him. Far different is the estimate of our labors made by our bro. Myrick in the following article, from the Cazenovia Herald: Far different is the estimate of our labors made by our bro. Myrick in the following article, from the Cazenovia Herald: The last number of this pioneer anti-slavery periodical contains a long article from the pen of its worthy editor, in which he says that the Liberator has almost completed its tenth volume. In the article referred to, bro. Garrison briefly surveys the battlefield where, for ten long years, he has struggled and fought for the liberty of the colored race. He hastily sketches some of the most potent difficulties he has been compelled to encounter, and at the head of the front rank he places the opposition which he has received from professed friends. Strange, that in every great and good reform in this ill-fated world, that those who are chosen of God as his agents to lead [ ] the way, and break up the fallow-ground, should, after the enterprise becomes successful and gains numerous adherents, receive the greatest opposition from those who have been aroused, convicted and converted through their instrumentality. But, thus it has been from Paul down to the present period: and thus we have reason to expect it will [ ] men, universally, become perfected in Christ Jesus by the spirit of holiness. The last number of this pioneer anti-slavery periodical contains a long article from the pen of its worthy editor, in which he says that the Liberator has almost completed its tenth volume. In the article referred to, bro. Garrison briefly surveys the battlefield where, for ten long years, he has struggled and fought for the liberty of the colored race. He hastily sketches some of the most potent difficulties he has been compelled to encounter, and at the head of the front rank he places the opposition which he has received from professed friends. Strange, that in every great and good reform in this ill-fated world, that those who are chosen of God as his agents to lead [ ] the way, and break up the fallow-ground, should, after the enterprise becomes successful and gains numerous adherents, receive the greatest opposition from those who have been aroused, convicted and converted through their instrumentality. But, thus it has been from Paul down to the present period: and thus we have reason to expect it will [ ] men, universally, become perfected in Christ Jesus by the spirit of holiness. Br. Garrison is charged with being [ ] with infidel principles. It is true that he differ in some of his religious views from those of us we are denominated orthodox. But if he is an [ ] he has a most singular method of giving a practical demonstration of his infidelity. I doubt whether [ ] will be highly gratified with such an exhibition Amid all the storms and bustle, I sincerely hope that the 'Liberator' will outlive all its opposition, and its editor be cheered with the glorious sight of 3,00,000 of his now enslaved countrymen, rising up all the dignity of free citizens of republican America. Br. Garrison is charged with being [ ] with infidel principles. It is true that he differ in some of his religious views from those of us we are denominated orthodox. But if he is an [ ] he has a most singular method of giving a practical demonstration of his infidelity. I doubt whether [ ] will be highly gratified with such an exhibition Amid all the storms and bustle, I sincerely hope that the 'Liberator' will outlive all its opposition, and its editor be cheered with the glorious sight of 3,00,000 of his now enslaved countrymen, rising up all the dignity of free citizens of republican America. 

 They tell me, LIBERTY! that, in thy name, They tell me, LIBERTY! that, in thy name, I may not plead for all the human race; I may not plead for all the human race; That some are born to bondage and disgrace, That some are born to bondage and disgrace, Some to a heritage of woe and shame, Some to a heritage of woe and shame, And some to power supreme, and glorious fame: And some to power supreme, and glorious fame: With my whole soul, I spurn the doctrine base, With my whole soul, I spurn the doctrine base, And, as an equal brotherhood, embrace And, as an equal brotherhood, embrace All people, and for all fair freedom claim! All people, and for all fair freedom claim! Know this, O man! whate'er thy earthly fate— Know this, O man! whate'er thy earthly fate— GOD NEVER MADE A TYRANT, NOR A SLAVE: GOD NEVER MADE A TYRANT, NOR A SLAVE: Woe, then, to those who dare to desecrate Woe, then, to those who dare to desecrate His glorious image!— for to all HE gave His glorious image!— for to all HE gave Eternal rights, which none may violate; Eternal rights, which none may violate; And by a mighty hand th' oppressed HE yet shall save. And by a mighty hand th' oppressed HE yet shall save. W.L.G W.L.G Boston, Dec. 14, 1840. Boston, Dec. 14, 1840. 

 The chiming of the distant bell comes borne The chiming of the distant bell comes borne On the faint wings of the flower-laden air; On the faint wings of the flower-laden air; It breaks the stillness of the Sabbath morn, It breaks the stillness of the Sabbath morn, And summons to the rites of praise and prayer; And summons to the rites of praise and prayer; But I no more may in that worship share, But I no more may in that worship share, No longer bend at that familiar shrine; No longer bend at that familiar shrine; The altar that my heart hath deemed so fair The altar that my heart hath deemed so fair Is lit no longer by a light divine. Is lit no longer by a light divine. No prayer goes upward from yon temple high, No prayer goes upward from yon temple high, For the deliverance of the trampled slave! For the deliverance of the trampled slave! His cruel wrongs, his bitter destiny, His cruel wrongs, his bitter destiny, In yon proud courts may no remembrance crave. In yon proud courts may no remembrance crave. From such a spot my heart in sorrow turns, From such a spot my heart in sorrow turns, And for a purer, holier worship burns. And for a purer, holier worship burns. What though my footsteps may not press the floor, What though my footsteps may not press the floor, By human hands made consecrate to Thee, By human hands made consecrate to Thee, And though I may not mid the crowd adore, And though I may not mid the crowd adore, Yet Father! wilt thou not vouc hafe to me Yet Father! wilt thou not vouc hafe to me The beauty of thy holiness to see,— The beauty of thy holiness to see,— And on the glory of thy face to gaze And on the glory of thy face to gaze With heart alike from pride and passion free, With heart alike from pride and passion free, As though the proudest dome that man could raise As though the proudest dome that man could raise Were witness to the sacrifice I bring? Were witness to the sacrifice I bring? Were mine own heart for Thee a temple meet, Were mine own heart mine own heart for Thee a temple meet, The praises through the loftiest roofs that ring, The praises through the loftiest roofs that ring, Would not be incense in thy sight more sweet, Would not be incense in thy sight more sweet, Than its unuttered worship. Father, hear, Than its unuttered worship. Father, hear, And in my inmost heart thine altar rear! And in my inmost heart thine altar rear! Sunday morning, in the country, Sunday morning, in the country, June, 1840. June, 1840. 

 Oh, may we, like the Lily fair, a lowly lot adorn, Oh, may we, like the Lily fair, a lowly lot adorn, Our virtues rise like Sharon's Rose above the crown of thorn! Our virtues rise like Sharon's Rose above the crown of thorn! Though seas of grief around us roll, O, let the pearl be there; Though seas of grief around us roll, O, let the pearl be there; Let Faith and Truth about us shine above the Diamond's glare. Let Faith and Truth about us shine above the Diamond's glare. And let our song of praise ascend— O, let it rise above And let our song of praise ascend— O, let it rise above The lark's sweet warbling from the cloud, a strain of praise and love, The lark's sweet warbling from the cloud, a strain of praise and love, And may we by the Spirit's power the galling chain unbind, And may we by the Spirit's power the galling chain unbind, And free the wasting captive's frame, and free the heaven-born mind. And free the wasting captive's frame, and free the heaven-born mind. Oh! be their blessed mission ours, who freedom's boon bestow, Oh! be their blessed mission ours, who freedom's boon bestow, Who lead the blind in lofty faith, where Siloa's fountains flow, Who lead the blind in lofty faith, where Siloa's fountains flow, Who wake the dead in sin, to hear strange words of life and truth! Who wake the dead in sin, to hear strange words of life and truth! Se mount, my soul, like eagles mount, and thus renew thy youth! Se mount, my soul, like eagles mount, and thus renew thy youth! 

 There is a spirit working in the world, There is a spirit working in the world, Like to a silent subterranean fire; Like to a silent subterranean fire; Yet, ever and anon, some monarch hurled Yet, ever and anon, some monarch hurled Aghast and pale, attests its fearful ire. Aghast and pale, attests its fearful ire. The dungeon'd nations now once more respire The dungeon'd nations now once more respire The keen and stirring air of liberty. The keen and stirring air of liberty. The grant wakes, and finds, surprised, he's free. The grant wakes, and finds, surprised, he's free. By Delphi's fountain cave, that ancient choir By Delphi's fountain cave, that ancient choir Resume their song; the Greek astonish'd hears, Resume their song; the Greek astonish'd hears, And the old altar of his worship rears. And the old altar of his worship rears. Sound on! fair sisters; sound your boldest lyre. Sound on! fair sisters; sound your boldest lyre. Peal your old harmonies as far from spheres! Peal your old harmonies as far from spheres! Unto strange gods we long have bent the knee, Unto strange gods we long have bent the knee, The trembling mind, too long and patiently. The trembling mind, too long and patiently. 

 Would you know what religion he had, Would you know what religion he had, Be his character thus understood— Be his character thus understood— A dissenter from all that is bad, A dissenter dissenter from all that is bad, A consenter to all that is good. A consenter consenter to all that is good. 

 TO HENRY C. WRIGHT: TO HENRY C. WRIGHT: DEAR SIR— By the Liberator of December 4, 1 perceive that you still persist in charging me with holding the doctrine of 'mental reservations,' which I have so repeatedly disclaimed. Why you do this, I cannot tell, unless it be because you are intent on carrying a point in argument which cannot otherwise be sustained. What is the doctrine of 'mental reservations,' as taught by the Jesuits, and justly abhorred by honest men? It is this— that, in making a promise, a man has a right, under certain circumstances, to make reservations in his own mind, which are not understood to be made by those to whom the promise is pledged, nor by the public who may hear the promise, and thus deceive the public, or the person or persons to whom the promise is made. I have advocated no such doctrine, either in respect to oaths to support the Constitution, or any thing else. What I wrote, on that subject, if fairly and fully quoted, shows the CONTRARY. I maintained that the public, common understanding of oaths of allegiance, &c., was, that they were qualified and conditional promises to obey the civil government just so far, and no farther, than is consistent with our duty to God. Nobody is deceived by such a promise, (or has any right to be deceived,) because this is the public and well-understood condition of the promise. It is as when I give my note of hand, in which I promise to pay a man an hundred dollars. I do it in consideration of the value in goods, which the note says I have 'received.' But, suppose after I have signed the note, in the merchant's counting-room, and have gone out, I send a cartman with an order for the goods, but the merchant refuses to deliver them. I am not bound to pay the note, and it is by no Jesuitical doctrine of 'mental reservations' that I escape from it. A promise to support a particular form of civil government, in its specific organization or constitution, is of a similar nature, and is expressed in a similar way.* There may be no written promise, in either case, that the condition, on the part of the promissee, shall be fulfilled, but it is mutually and publicly understood. If the government fails to fulfil its part of the obligation, by requiring me to disobey God, then, thus far, I am released from my promise. If a Quaker, or any other person known to be conscientiously opposed to military force, promises to support the Constitution, the promise is understood with that exception, and there is no 'mental reservation,' like that of the Jesuits, in the case; for nobody understands that the Quaker has promised to shoulder his musket in defence of government. You may call this a 'no-government theory with a vengeance,' but it is the theory of the common law. DEAR SIR— By the Liberator of December 4, 1 perceive that you still persist in charging me with holding the doctrine of 'mental reservations,' which I have so repeatedly disclaimed. Why Why you do this, I cannot tell, unless it be because you are intent on carrying a point in argument which cannot otherwise be sustained. What is the doctrine of 'mental reservations,' as taught by the Jesuits, and justly abhorred by honest men? It is this— that, in making a promise, a man has a right, under certain circumstances, to make reservations in his own mind, which are not understood to be made by those to whom the promise is pledged, nor by the public who may hear the promise, and thus deceive deceive the public, or the person or persons to whom the promise is made. I have advocated no such doctrine, either in respect to oaths to support the Constitution, or any thing else. What I wrote, on that subject, if fairly and fully quoted if fairly and fully quoted , shows the CONTRARY. I maintained that the public, common understanding public, common understanding of oaths of allegiance, &c., was, that they were qualified and conditional promises to obey the civil government just so far, and no farther, than is consistent with our duty to God. Nobody is deceived by such a promise, (or has any right to be deceived,) because this is the public and well-understood condition of the promise. It is as when I give my note of hand, in which I promise to pay a man an hundred dollars. I do it in consideration of the value in goods, which the note says I have 'received.' But, suppose after I have signed the note, in the merchant's counting-room, and have gone out, I send a cartman with an order for the goods, but the merchant refuses to deliver them. I am not bound to pay the note, and it is by no Jesuitical doctrine of 'mental reservations' that I escape from it. A promise to support a particular form of civil government, in its specific organization or constitution, is of a similar nature, and is expressed in a similar way.* There may be no written promise, in either case, that the condition, on the part of the * promissee promissee , shall be fulfilled, but it is mutually and publicly understood. understood. If the government fails to fulfil its its part of the obligation, by requiring me to disobey God, then, thus far, I am released from my promise. If a Quaker, or any other person known to be conscientiously opposed to military force, promises to support the Constitution, the promise is understood understood with that exception, and there is no 'mental reservation,' like that of the Jesuits, in the case; for nobody understands that the Quaker has promised to shoulder his musket in defence of government. You may call this a 'no-government theory with a vengeance,' but it is the theory of the common law. It was on this well-known principle, that our fathers refused to continue their obedience to the British government, when it forfeited its right to command, by its assumptions of despotic power.— Were they guilty of 'perjury'? You will, perhaps, say so; but, in order to carry the moral convictions of men along with you, it will be necessary to exalt the letters, the parchment, or the articulate sounds of the promise above the spirit, the meaning, and the intent of them. A singular code of ethics for Henry C. Wright to insist upon! 'For your sake, and that of others, may heaven preserve you from it.'— It was on this well-known principle, that our fathers refused to continue their obedience to the British government, when it forfeited its right to command, by its assumptions of despotic power.— Were they guilty of 'perjury' 'perjury' ? You will, perhaps, say so; but, in order to carry the moral convictions of men along with you, it will be necessary to exalt the letters, the parchment, or the articulate sounds of the promise above the spirit, the meaning, and the intent of them. A singular code of ethics for Henry C. Wright to insist upon! 'For your sake, and that of others, may heaven preserve you from it.'— Which doctrine is it, I pray you, that is 'replete with hypocrisy and blasphemy'— the one that teaches the moral duty of abiding by the mere words, the syllables, the mere letter of the promise, to the disregard and perversion of its true nature, its known meaning and intent? or the one which looks through the mere outward symbol, to the high spiritual and moral obligation signified, and commonly understood by it? Which doctrine is it, I pray you, that is 'replete with hypocrisy and blasphemy'— the one that teaches the moral duty of abiding by the mere words, the syllables, the mere letter of the promise, to the disregard and perversion of its true nature, its known meaning and intent? or the one which looks through the mere outward symbol, to the high spiritual and moral obligation signified, and commonly understood by it? The historical fact to which I have alluded, is sufficient to prove the common understanding of promises to obey civil government. There were, indeed, those who called our fathers traitors and rebels, for refusing to obey, (and I do not say they were right in resorting to arms,) but those who called them traitors and rebels merely for renouncing their allegiance to the British King, did so, on the ground that he had not perverted the ends of civil government, and therefore had not failed of fulfilling his part of the implied contract. The whole controversy proves that the understanding, on both sides, of oaths of allegiance, was such as I have described. The historical fact to which I have alluded, is sufficient to prove the common understanding of promises to obey civil government. There were, indeed, those who called our fathers traitors and rebels, for refusing to obey, (and I do not say they were right in resorting to arms,) but those who called them traitors and rebels merely for renouncing their allegiance to the British King, did so, on the ground that he had not not perverted the ends of civil government, and therefore had not not failed of fulfilling his part of the implied contract. The whole controversy proves that the understanding, on both sides, of oaths of allegiance, was such as I have described. James Madison may be supposed to be a competent witness, on a question of this kind. Let us hear what he says: James Madison may be supposed to be a competent witness, on a question of this kind. Let us hear what he says: 'Before any man can be considered as a member of civil society, he must be considered as a subject of the Governor of the universe; and, if a member of civil society, who enters into any subordinate association, must always do it with a reservation of his duty to the general authority, much more must every man, who becomes a member of any particular civil society, do it with the saving of his allegiance to the Universal sovereign. We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion, no man's right is abridged by the institution of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance.' 'Before any man can be considered as a member of civil society, he must be considered as a subject of the Governor of the universe; and, if a member of civil society, who enters into any subordinate association, must always do it with a reservation of his duty must always do it with a reservation of his duty to the general authority, much more much more must every man, who becomes a member of any particular civil society civil society , do it with the saving of his allegiance to the Universal sovereign. Universal sovereign. We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion, no man's right is abridged by the institution of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance.' You see, my dear sir, that the doctrine so obnoxious to you, and for which I contend, lies at the very foundation of civil and religious freedom. It might suit the purposes of your disquisitions, very well, to make it out that there never was and never can be any religious liberty under any civil government. But the fact that civil governments can and some-times do consist with religious liberty, is proof positive that your representations of civil government are incorrect— or, at least, that the promise to obey civil government is commonly understood to be limited by our obligations to God; otherwise there could be no degree of religious freedom. And, consequently, your charge of 'mental reservation,' in the bad sense of that term, falls to the ground. You see, my dear sir, that the doctrine so obnoxious to you, and for which I contend, lies at the very foundation of civil and religious freedom. It might suit the purposes of your disquisitions, very well, to make it out that there never was and never can be any religious liberty under any civil government. But the fact that civil governments can and some-times do consist with religious liberty, is proof positive that your your representations of civil government are incorrect— or, at least, that the promise to obey civil government is commonly understood commonly understood to be limited by our obligations to God; otherwise there could be no degree of religious freedom. And, consequently, your charge of 'mental reservation,' in the bad sense of that term, falls to the ground. It does so, for another reason. If it proves any thing to your purpose, it proves too much. It proves that, in the very nature of things, God never could and never did require any human being to obey another, or to promise to obey him, (which is contrary to known fact.) You insist that a promise to obey human government must be an unlimited promise. When we speak of their being limited promises, you retort that we teach the 'hypocritical, blasphemous,' Jesuitical doctrine of 'mental reservations,' and you 'enter your solemn protest against the sophistry, It does so, for another reason. If it proves any thing to your purpose, it proves too much. It proves that, in the very nature of things, God never could and never did require any human being to obey another, or to promise to obey him, (which is contrary to known fact.) You insist that a promise to obey human government must be must be an unlimited promise. When we speak of their being limited promises, you retort that we teach the 'hypocritical, blasphemous,' Jesuitical doctrine of 'mental reservations,' and you 'enter your solemn protest against the sophistry, Jesuitism, impiety and blasphemy' of the argument. Come, then! look at facts. God did require the Israelites to obey Moses, and Aaron, and Joshua and David, and Solomon. Of course, it was proper for them to promise to do this thing which God commanded them. Well, then— shall it be a limited promise, or unlimited? If you say the former, you have Henry C. Wright's 'solemn protest' entered against the 'sophistry, Jesuitism, impiety and blasphemy' of the sentiment. If you say the latter, then you say that God commanded unlimited obedience to human authority, in the case of the Jews, without any saving of their allegiance to him! But will Henry C. Wright say that? It will do no good to talk of the old and new dispensations, in this case. The three angles of a right angled triangle were equal to two right angles in the days of Moses, as well as now. Tell me, then, whether the obligation of the Hebrews to obey their rulers included the obligation to worship the golden calf, at the command of Aaron, or to disobey the command of God, in obedience to the command of Saul? And if not, tell me whether there was not a limited obedience required of them; and whether it would have been 'impiety and blasphemy' in them to have promised such a limited obedience. Jesuitism, impiety and blasphemy' of the argument. Come, then! look at facts. God did did require the Israelites to obey Moses, and Aaron, and Joshua and David, and Solomon. Of course, it was proper for them to promise to promise to do this thing which God commanded them. Well, then— shall it be a limited promise, or unlimited? If you say the former former , you have Henry C. Wright's 'solemn protest' entered against the 'sophistry, Jesuitism, impiety and blasphemy' of the sentiment. If you say the latter latter , then you say that God commanded unlimited obedience to human authority, in the case of the Jews, without any saving of their allegiance to him! But will Henry C. Wright say that? It will do no good to talk of the old and new dispensations, in this case. The three angles of a right angled triangle were equal to two right angles in the days of Moses, as well as now. Tell me, then, whether the obligation of the Hebrews to obey their rulers included the obligation to worship the golden calf, at the command of Aaron, or to disobey the command of God, in obedience to the command of Saul? And if not, tell me whether there was not a limited obedience required of them; and whether it would have been 'impiety and blasphemy' in them to have promised promised such a limited obedience. Before quitting this subject of 'mental reservations,' let me ask you what sort of a reservation it was that you made, if any, when you promised me an answer to my question, whether you desired the legislative abolition of slavery? I felt an assurance that you would answer me that question. To your own question to me, about the support of a President clothed with military power, I gave an open and frank answer, expecting equal frankness in return, and little suspecting that my answer would be tortured and twisted by non-resistants into an argument, by means of which they could persuade abolitionists to cast whig votes, under the supposed sanction of my logic, and that they would then turn round and taunt me with being the author of their own mischief.*** Before quitting this subject of 'mental reservations,' let me ask you what sort of a reservation it was that you made, if any, when you promised me an answer to my question, whether you desired the legislative abolition of slavery? I felt an assurance that you would answer me that question. To your own question to me, about the support of a President clothed with military power, I gave an open and frank answer, expecting equal frankness in return, and little suspecting that my answer would be tortured and twisted by non-resistants into an argument, by means of which they could persuade abolitionists to cast whig votes, under the supposed sanction of my logic, and that they would then turn round and taunt me with being the author of their own mischief.*** *** But I ought not to wonder, perhaps, that I am made to sustain the practice of pro-slavery voting; (which the Herald of Freedom and National Anti-Slavery Standard declare to be less mischievous than voting for Birney!)— I perceive, by the Liberator of December 11th, that I am made, likewise, to 'hold that women have right to hold civil office, and vote at the polls as well as men— the same right.' After this, none of your readers ought to be surprised if you should prove that Paul also was in favor of your views of women's rights. The same rules of interpretation, which you apply to my language, would, no doubt, be equally successful with his. And your skill in ascertaining what 'William Goodell holds,' would qualify you to decipher, with equal correctness, what Paul and the other writers of that day held. In your logic, on this point, I see another exemplification of the same principle by which, (as in the interpretation of promises or oaths,) you stick to the dead letter— the syllables— the sounds and the ink of a paragraph, instead of its plain and commonly acknowledged meaning. But I ought not to wonder, perhaps, that I am made to sustain the practice of pro-slavery voting; (which the Herald of Freedom and National Anti-Slavery Standard declare to be less mischievous than voting for Birney!)— I perceive, by the Liberator of December 11th, that I am made, likewise, to 'hold that women have right to hold civil office, and vote at the polls as well as men— the same right.' After this, none of your readers ought to be surprised if you should prove that Paul also was in favor of your views of women's rights. The same rules of interpretation, which you apply to my language, would, no doubt, be equally successful with his. his. And your skill in ascertaining what 'William Goodell holds,' would qualify you to decipher, with equal correctness, what Paul and the other writers of that day held. In your logic, on this point, I see another exemplification of the same principle by which, (as in the interpretation of promises or oaths,) you stick to the dead letter— the syllables— the sounds and the ink of a paragraph, instead of its plain and commonly acknowledged meaning. I have not time nor room to answer your letters as I could wish. I can only touch, briefly, on a few leading points— just to show you that your main positions are unsound. In the Liberator of Dec. 11th, you seem to assume, as heretofore, that, if the Government derives its powers from the people, it does not derive them from God. This is not true, unless it be true that the people are independent of God, or wholly disconnected from him, or unless it be proved that he has not clothed them with powers to establish civil government. You assume, in all this, the very point to be proved. I have not time nor room to answer your letters as I could wish. I can only touch, briefly, on a few leading points— just to show you that your main positions are unsound. In the Liberator of Dec. 11th, you seem to assume, as heretofore, that, if the Government derives its powers from the people people , it does not derive them from God. God. This is not true, unless it be true that the people are independent of God, or wholly disconnected from him, or unless it be proved that he has not clothed them with powers to establish civil government. You assume, in all this, the very point to be proved. You labor to show that the civil government of this nation is not an ordinance of God, because, as you say, the framers of the Constitution have not, in that instrument, explicitly recognized him. But is this a correct course of reasoning? Suppose a parent should undertake to write down some of the rules by which his family should be governed. And suppose the parchment should not contain any direct allusion to the divine authority and origin of parental government— would that omission prove that neither the parent nor the children, in that family, believed parental government to be an ordinance of God? No! Still less would it prove that family government is not an institution of God! Suppose, if you please, a family wholly ignorant or forgetful of God. Would it be the less true that the children are morally bound to obey all the lawful and proper commands of their parents? And would it be any the less true that God commands such obedience— in other words, that he has instituted parental government? Man's forgetfulness and man's ignorance do not annul the divine law, nor prevent the existence of the unknown or forgotten facts. By the same course of reasoning contained in your letter, you might prove that if God's government over the world be not known and acknowledged by its inhabitants, it ceases to exist. I cannot suppose you intend to lay down such a principle. Yet I follow your example in 'entering my solemn protest' against principles which I believe to be wrong, and which I think I see plainly implied in an argument. You labor to show that the civil government of this nation is not an ordinance of God, because, as you say, the framers of the Constitution have not, in that instrument, explicitly recognized him. But is this a correct course of reasoning? Suppose a parent should undertake to write down some of the rules by which his family should be governed. And suppose the parchment should not not contain any direct allusion to the divine authority and origin of parental government— would that that omission prove that neither the parent nor the children, in that family, believed parental government to be an ordinance of God? No! Still less would it prove that family government is not not an institution of God! Suppose, if you please, a family wholly ignorant or forgetful of God. Would it be the less true that the children are morally bound to obey all the lawful and proper commands of their parents? And would it be any the less true that God commands such obedience— in other words, that he has instituted parental government? Man's forgetfulness and man's ignorance do not annul the divine law, nor prevent the existence of the unknown or forgotten facts. By the same course of reasoning contained in your letter, you might prove that if God's government over the world be not known and acknowledged by its inhabitants, it ceases to exist. I cannot suppose you intend to lay down such a principle. Yet I follow your example in 'entering my solemn protest' against principles which I believe to be wrong, and which I think I see plainly implied in an argument. And it is not true, in matter of fact, (as you labor to prove,) that the people of this country, in establishing a separate and distinct government, did not recognize distinctly and publicly, the authority of God, and the divine origin of civil government. They did so, in the most emphatic and explicit language that they could have used. It was the Declaration of Independence, and not the Constitution of 1789, in which the people undertook to define the origin and charter civil government. In that document, which the new Constitution does not abrogate or supersede— that document, which is, in fact, a part of the Constitution itself— you will find the founders of our government asserting that 'the laws of nature, and of NATURE'S GOD,' 'ENTITLED' them to 'assume among the nations of the earth, a SAPARATE and equal station.'— You will find them tracing their inalienable rights to their CREATOR, by whom they were ENDOWED with them. You will hear them say that 'to secure those rights, GOVERNMENTS are instituted among men, deriving their JUST POWERS from the consent of the governed' ('powers' to which, as before expressed, 'the laws of nature and of nature's GOD ENTITLE them.')— You will find them 'appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world, for the rectitude of their intentions'— 'with a firm reliance on the protection' (SANCTION)' of Divine Providence.' And it is not true, in matter of fact, (as you labor to prove,) that the people of this country, in establishing a separate and distinct government, did not recognize distinctly and publicly, the authority of God, and the divine origin of civil government. They did so, in the most emphatic and explicit language that they could have used. It was the Declaration of Independence Declaration of Independence , and not the Constitution of 1789, in which the people undertook to define the origin and charter civil government. In that document, which the new Constitution does not abrogate or supersede— that document, which is, in fact, a part of the Constitution itself— you will find the founders of our government asserting that 'the laws of nature, and of NATURE'S GOD,' 'ENTITLED' them to 'assume among the nations of the earth, a SAPARATE and equal station.'— You will find them tracing their inalienable rights to their CREATOR, by whom they were ENDOWED with them. You will hear them say that 'to secure those rights, GOVERNMENTS are instituted among men, deriving their JUST POWERS from the consent of the governed' ('powers' to which, as before expressed, 'the laws of nature and of nature's GOD ENTITLE them.')— You will find them 'appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world, for the rectitude of their intentions'— 'with a firm reliance on the protection' (SANCTION)' of Divine Providence.' The Constitution did not formally repeat these declarations, for the same reason that the Constitution of the American Anti-Slavery Society did not repeat the Declaration of Sentiments. The thing has already been done, and all that remained was to specify the forms of organization. Yet even there, the object was stated to be— 'to establish justice'— 'promote the general welfare,' and 'secure the blessings of liberty,'— in other words to 'execute judgment between a man and his neighbor,'— the very thing God had commanded to be done. Yet you say— 'Not an allusion to the Holy One is in the government, as it is on paper.' Astonishing statement! When the very instrument by which the government was first constituted, contains not less than four distinct repetitions of the divine name, under the several forms of 'nature's God'— our 'Creator'— 'Supreme Judge of the world' and 'Divine Providence.' The Constitution did not formally repeat these declarations, for the same reason that the Constitution of the American Anti-Slavery Society did not repeat the Declaration of Sentiments. The thing has already been done, and all that remained was to specify the forms of organization. Yet even there, the object was stated to be— 'to establish justice'— 'promote the general welfare,' and 'secure the blessings of liberty,'— in other words to 'execute judgment between a man and his neighbor,'— the very thing God had commanded to be done. Yet you say— 'Not an allusion to the Holy One is in the government, as it is on paper.' Astonishing statement! When the very instrument by which the government was first constituted, contains not less than four distinct repetitions of the divine name, under the several forms of 'nature's God'— our 'Creator'— 'Supreme Judge of the world' and 'Divine Providence.' I am sorry to see you laboring so strenuously to dissever the social condition and relations of man from the law of his Creator, or (what amounts to nearly the same thing,) denying that governments can 'originate with the people,' and yet be 'ordained of God,' who commanded them to originate or establish them— 'to execute justice.' Equally sorry I am to perceive that you should conceive of this power as being beyond the moral capabilities of man— which you evidently do, when you dread what you call 'discretionary power'! Pray leave it to anti-abolitionists to pretend that the execution of justice is a work too intricate and complex for human beings to perform! 'There is a spirit in man, and the inspiration of the Almighty hath given him under-standing.' I am sorry to see you laboring so strenuously to dissever the social condition and relations of man from the law of his Creator, or (what amounts to nearly the same thing,) denying that governments can 'originate with the people,' and yet be 'ordained of God,' who commanded them to originate or establish them— 'to execute justice.' 'to execute justice.' Equally sorry I am to perceive that you should conceive of this power as being beyond the moral capabilities moral capabilities of man— which you evidently do, when you dread what you call 'discretionary power'! Pray leave it to anti-abolitionists to pretend that the execution of justice execution of justice is a work too intricate and complex for human beings to perform! 'There is a spirit in man, and the inspiration of the Almighty hath given him under-standing.' Yours truly, Yours truly, WILLIAM GOODELL. WILLIAM GOODELL. * I may indeed be morally obliged to live under and obey (so far as I conscientiously can) the civil government under which God places me, whereas it is optional with me whether I will buy the goods. The promises are nevertheless similar in their nature. * I may indeed be morally obliged to live under and obey (so far as I conscientiously can) the civil government under which God places me, whereas it is optional with me whether I will buy the goods. The promises are nevertheless similar in their nature. * I may indeed be morally obliged to live under and obey (so far as I conscientiously can) the civil government under which God places me, whereas it is optional with me whether I will buy the goods. The promises are nevertheless similar in their nature. ** Memorial and Remonstrance on the Religious Rights of Man, written in 1784, at the request of the Baptists in Virginia. To the same effect we might quote the common law.- 'The inferior law must give place to the superior- man's laws to God's laws.- Noyes' Maxims. ** Memorial and Remonstrance on the Religious Rights of Man, written in 1784, at the request of the Baptists in Virginia. To the same effect we might quote the common law.- 'The inferior law must give place to the superior- man's laws to God's laws.- Noyes' Maxims. ** Memorial and Remonstrance on the Religious Rights of Man, written in 1784, at the request of the Baptists in Virginia. To the same effect we might quote the common law.- 'The inferior law must give place to the superior- man's laws to God's laws.- Noyes' Maxims. Noyes' Maxims. *** If the Corresponding Secretary of the American Anti-Slavery Society, and those who act with him, had not made an industrious use of my alleged logic - nay, if they had not misrepresented its import- no whig or democrat would have ever thought of drawing an argument from it. They would have discovered no parallel in the case. Van Buren and Harriron are in favor of slavery. But there is no evidence that Birney is in favor of war. Nor did I ever insist, (as is alleged) that I had a right to 'clothe him with military power'- I denied that I did so. *** If the Corresponding Secretary of the American Anti-Slavery Society, and those who act with him, had not made an industrious use of my alleged logic - nay, if they had not misrepresented its import- no whig or democrat would have ever thought of drawing an argument from it. They would have discovered no parallel in the case. Van Buren and Harriron are in favor of slavery. But there is no evidence that Birney is in favor of war. Nor did I ever insist, (as is alleged) that I had a right to 'clothe him with military power'- I denied that I did so. *** If the Corresponding Secretary of the American Anti-Slavery Society, and those who act with him, had not made an industrious use of my alleged logic - nay, if they had not misrepresented its import- no whig or democrat would have ever thought of drawing an argument from it. They would have discovered no parallel in the case. Van Buren and Harriron are in favor of slavery. But there is no evidence that Birney is in favor of war. Nor did I ever insist, (as is alleged) that I had a right to 'clothe him with military power'- I denied that I did so. 

 Our brother Wood has not only been imprisoned in Hopkinton jail, for being 'conscientiously scrupulous,' as a Christian, 'of bearing arms'— but he has been excommunicated by the Rev. Mr. Noyes' church, for being alike 'scrupulous,' as a Christian, of supporting a pro-slavery pulpit. He was a deacon of the South Church. Of his ardent and heavenly-minded piety— his devotedness to the cause of Christ— his exemplary life and conversation, it behoves not us to speak. They are known to all the people of this place, who, however they may despise him as the friend of the outcast slave, cannot withhold from him the most spotless character. The pulpit of his meeting-house was occupied by a proslavery minister. The church occupied a position of most inconsistent character on this subject and other moral subjects of the day. Brother Wood, to bear his testimony against that position, absented himself from the South Church meeting, and declined paying to support its minister— as he most unquestionably had a right to do, and was bound to, as he felt and believed in regard to anti-slavery, &c. Our brother Wood has not only been imprisoned in Hopkinton jail, for being 'conscientiously scrupulous,' as a Christian, 'of bearing arms'— but he has been excommunicated by the Rev. Mr. Noyes' church, for being alike 'scrupulous,' as a Christian, of supporting a pro-slavery pulpit. He was a deacon of the South Church. Of his ardent and heavenly-minded piety— his devotedness to the cause of Christ— his exemplary life and conversation, it behoves not us to speak. They are known to all the people of this place, who, however they may despise him as the friend of the outcast slave, cannot withhold from him the most spotless character. The pulpit of his meeting-house was occupied by a proslavery minister. The church occupied a position of most inconsistent character on this subject and other moral subjects of the day. Brother Wood, to bear his testimony against that position, absented himself from the South Church meeting, and declined paying to support its minister— as he most unquestionably had a right to do, and was bound to, as he felt and believed in regard to anti-slavery, &c. He attended a little meeting of independent anti-slavery worshippers, as he had equal right to do. He attended a little meeting of independent anti-slavery worshippers, as he had equal right to do. The church called him to account for it, and instead of attempting to show him that he was wrong as a Christian, excommunicated him. The church called him to account for it, and instead of attempting to show him that he was wrong as a Christian, excommunicated him. The military power stood ready to take him and carry him to Hopkinton prison. The military power stood ready to take him and carry him to Hopkinton prison. 

 Change of Fortune. A young Irish woman who had been sentenced to Blackwell's Island for petty larceny for three months, was yesterday discharged, her time having expired. While making preparation to leave, a gentleman who had but just heard of her whereabouts, came on the Island, with a trunk full of elegant clothing; and what was better, the information that one of her relatives in Ireland had died and bequeathed her the sum of twenty thousand dollars. She left the prison elegantly dressed— and with a purse well filled with cash.— New Era. Change of Fortune. Change of Fortune. A young Irish woman who had been sentenced to Blackwell's Island for petty larceny for three months, was yesterday discharged, her time having expired. While making preparation to leave, a gentleman who had but just heard of her whereabouts, came on the Island, with a trunk full of elegant clothing; and what was better, the information that one of her relatives in Ireland had died and bequeathed her the sum of twenty thousand dollars. She left the prison elegantly dressed— and with a purse well filled with cash.— New Era. New Era. 

 A most melancholy occurrence happened in Union, Broome Co., N.Y., on Saturday morning the 12th inst. A Mrs. Locke,— wife of Mr. Locke, a mason by trade, living on the Nanticoke Creek,— early in the morning, after her husband and two elder children, boys, had got up, took her two little girls, one six and the other eight years of age, up stairs, and with a razor cut both their throats, nearly severing their heads from their bodies. She then cut her own throat, not so effectually, but that the wound was sewed up, and it is thought she may yet live. She was, and for a year or two has been, partially deranged. A most melancholy occurrence happened in Union, Broome Co., N.Y., on Saturday morning the 12th inst. A Mrs. Locke,— wife of Mr. Locke, a mason by trade, living on the Nanticoke Creek,— early in the morning, after her husband and two elder children, boys, had got up, took her two little girls, one six and the other eight years of age, up stairs, and with a razor cut both their throats, nearly severing their heads from their bodies. She then cut her own throat, not so effectually, but that the wound was sewed up, and it is thought she may yet live. She was, and for a year or two has been, partially deranged. 

 We learn that a series of most atrocious murders was perpetrated by a miscreant in Southampton county, on Monday night. An aged Quaker, of the name of Scott, residing not far from Jerusalem, his sister, also aged, a little girl, about nine years old, named Pretlow, a negro woman and her child, were successively butchered to further the design of robbery, entertained by their destroyer. Six persons were on the premises at the time— and but one escaped. This was a young negro girl. She relates, we understand, that a man residing in the neighborhood visited the house a little after sunset, and spent the evening by the fireside of Mr. Scott, in conversation with the family. As he was about to quit, he asked Mr. S. to walk with him to the gate, as he had a word to say to him in private, To this the unfortunate man consented. We learn that a series of most atrocious murders was perpetrated by a miscreant in Southampton county, on Monday night. An aged Quaker, of the name of Scott, residing not far from Jerusalem, his sister, also aged, a little girl, about nine years old, named Pretlow, a negro woman and her child, were successively butchered to further the design of robbery, entertained by their destroyer. Six persons were on the premises at the time— and but one escaped. This was a young negro girl. She relates, we understand, that a man residing in the neighborhood visited the house a little after sunset, and spent the evening by the fireside of Mr. Scott, in conversation with the family. As he was about to quit, he asked Mr. S. to walk with him to the gate, as he had a word to say to him in private, To this the unfortunate man consented. The girl saw no more of him. A violent struggle was next heard in the kitchen. The murderer, armed with a short, heavy dogwood pestle, had seized the negro woman, and was beating out her brains, when the aged sister of Mr. Scott, attracted by the noise, appeared and begged him to desist. Irrevocably bent on his design, he instantly despatched the poor negro, and seizing the old lady, felled her to the floor with a blow of the pestle. A negro boy about nine years old was then killed in the same manner. He next proceeded in search of the little white girl and the young negress. The latter made her escape unobserved. The other child was not so fortunate. She was caught in the room and murdered as summarily as the rest. The girl saw no more of him. A violent struggle was next heard in the kitchen. The murderer, armed with a short, heavy dogwood pestle, had seized the negro woman, and was beating out her brains, when the aged sister of Mr. Scott, attracted by the noise, appeared and begged him to desist. Irrevocably bent on his design, he instantly despatched the poor negro, and seizing the old lady, felled her to the floor with a blow of the pestle. A negro boy about nine years old was then killed in the same manner. He next proceeded in search of the little white girl and the young negress. The latter made her escape unobserved. The other child was not so fortunate. She was caught in the room and murdered as summarily as the rest. Not seeing the negro girl, and resolved to leave no clue to his fearful secret, the monster made a careful search in the rooms, turning over the beds, and scanning every corner narrowly. Convinced that one of the family had escaped, he seems to have gone off without consummating the robbery. The girl fled immediately to the nearest neighbors, and communicated what had occurred in her sight and hearing. They repaired to the premises forthwith, and found the melancholy confirmation of her story. The murderer had fled, and the house was burning slowly. The fire was extinguished before it had defaced the bodies, or done much injury to the building. In the morning, among the spectators of the night's bloody fruit, was the individual spoken of by the girl as the actor in the scene. He gave an instant contradiction to her story, and referred to the absence of blood from his clothing as proof of his innocence. He denied also, we learn, having been on the premises for a fortnight. Traces of blood, however, it is said, were found among his whiskers, and he was detained, till search was made at his house. This resulted, we learn, in the discovery of a suit of his clothing excessively besmeared with blood. He was forthwith apprehended. Not seeing the negro girl, and resolved to leave no clue to his fearful secret, the monster made a careful search in the rooms, turning over the beds, and scanning every corner narrowly. Convinced that one of the family had escaped, he seems to have gone off without consummating the robbery. The girl fled immediately to the nearest neighbors, and communicated what had occurred in her sight and hearing. They repaired to the premises forthwith, and found the melancholy confirmation of her story. The murderer had fled, and the house was burning slowly. The fire was extinguished before it had defaced the bodies, or done much injury to the building. In the morning, among the spectators of the night's bloody fruit, was the individual spoken of by the girl as the actor in the scene. He gave an instant contradiction to her story, and referred to the absence of blood from his clothing as proof of his innocence. He denied also, we learn, having been on the premises for a fortnight. Traces of blood, however, it is said, were found among his whiskers, and he was detained, till search was made at his house. This resulted, we learn, in the discovery of a suit of his clothing excessively besmeared with blood. He was forthwith apprehended. Mr. Scott was an old and esteemed resident of the county, and was reputed to be wealthy. The hope of securing his money led to a scheme of murder, as boldly conceived and deliberately executed, as any furnished by the annals of crime. The escape of the girl alone prevented the full execution of the plan. If she had fallen, all explanation of the mystery would have been impossible. The house and bodies of the slain would have been consumed together, and— the murderer would have possessed in security the poor reward of his atrocities, beyond the fear of detection. Mr. Scott was an old and esteemed resident of the county, and was reputed to be wealthy. The hope of securing his money led to a scheme of murder, as boldly conceived and deliberately executed, as any furnished by the annals of crime. The escape of the girl alone prevented the full execution of the plan. If she had fallen, all explanation of the mystery would have been impossible. The house and bodies of the slain would have been consumed together, and— the murderer would have possessed in security the poor reward of his atrocities, beyond the fear of detection. 

 A record of disasters at sea has been kept at the office of the American Seamen's Friend Society, during the year past, as in former years. Such only have been noted as have resulted in the total loss of the vessel. The greater part of them were wrecked on the coast of the United States, and the most of them were American vessels. The following is the result: A record of disasters at sea has been kept at the office of the American Seamen's Friend Society, during the year past, as in former years. Such only have been noted as have resulted in the total loss of the vessel. The greater part of them were wrecked on the coast of the United States, and the most of them were American vessels. The following is the result: Table  Table  By these disasters many lives were lost; 684 have been ascertained, and in regard to many others, the crews were missing, and, in all probability, perished with the vessel. Added to this, 39 vessels have been reported as missing during the year, which, in all probability, went to the bottom, with all their crews. These statistics exhibit, in some faint degree, the perils of the sea, and teach us, in most emphatic language, that what we do for sailors should be done quickly. By these disasters many lives were lost; 684 have been ascertained, and in regard to many others, the crews were missing, and, in all probability, perished with the vessel. Added to this, 39 vessels have been reported as missing during the year, which, in all probability, went to the bottom, with all their crews. These statistics exhibit, in some faint degree, the perils of the sea, and teach us, in most emphatic language, that what we do for sailors should be done quickly. 

 A Colored Settlement. The New-York Sun states that there is in Mercer county, (Ohio) a colony of colored persons. It was founded by a Mr. Augustus Wattles, who some five years ago made a purchase for himself and a few other colored men. His example has been so well followed that there is now taken up by the colony full 24,000 acres. They have laid out a town to be called Carthagena, which is situated at the head waters of the Beaver river, about three miles south of the grand reservoir. The general character of the colonists for honesty and industry is highly spoken of, and it is a gratifying fate, that the use of ardent spirits is strictly prohibited. A good school and a college are established, and some advance made in the cultivation of mulberry trees for the purpose of making silk. The improvements on their farms and their breeds of cattle are all of the best kind— and the neatness and regularity of the whole village excites the pleasure and admiration of travellers. A Colored Settlement. A Colored Settlement. The New-York Sun states that there is in Mercer county, (Ohio) a colony of colored persons. It was founded by a Mr. Augustus Wattles, who some five years ago made a purchase for himself and a few other colored men. His example has been so well followed that there is now taken up by the colony full 24,000 acres. They have laid out a town to be called Carthagena, which is situated at the head waters of the Beaver river, about three miles south of the grand reservoir. The general character of the colonists for honesty and industry is highly spoken of, and it is a gratifying fate, that the use of ardent spirits is strictly prohibited. A good school and a college are established, and some advance made in the cultivation of mulberry trees for the purpose of making silk. The improvements on their farms and their breeds of cattle are all of the best kind— and the neatness and regularity of the whole village excites the pleasure and admiration of travellers. 

 Mr. Batchelor, the Police Officer. We are gratified to learn that this gentleman has nearly recovered from the very severe wounds and bruises he received in the vicinity of the Eutaw House, during the riot, on the night of the 2d of November last. His recovery may be deemed almost a miracle, when we take into account what he went through. Some idea of his situation may be had when we state that five ribs on the right side, and four on the left were broken; the breast very much bruised and injured; thirty-two different wounds in the head, one of which fractured the skull; the right jaw bone broken in one place; the sight of the right eye nearly destroyed by a wound from some sharp instrument, and both ears nearly cut off. It requires a constitution of iron to stand all that, and yet we find Mr. B. in a fair way for actively engaging in his duties again. We hope and trust that the authors of his misfortunes may be made to suffer the very utmost penalty of the law, for their base and cowardly acts.— Baltimore Sun. Mr. Batchelor, the Police Officer. Mr. Batchelor, the Police Officer. We are gratified to learn that this gentleman has nearly recovered from the very severe wounds and bruises he received in the vicinity of the Eutaw House, during the riot, on the night of the 2d of November last. His recovery may be deemed almost a miracle, when we take into account what he went through. Some idea of his situation may be had when we state that five ribs on the right side, and four on the left were broken; the breast very much bruised and injured; thirty-two different wounds in the head, one of which fractured the skull; the right jaw bone broken in one place; the sight of the right eye nearly destroyed by a wound from some sharp instrument, and both ears nearly cut off. It requires a constitution of iron to stand all that, and yet we find Mr. B. in a fair way for actively engaging in his duties again. We hope and trust that the authors of his misfortunes may be made to suffer the very utmost penalty of the law, for their base and cowardly acts.— Baltimore Sun. Baltimore Sun. 

 The Glovers, brothers, are attaching to their new ship, the Clarion, the Transversal Propellers, which work under water. The engines will be 70 horse power, and the whole weight of the machinery will not exceed 20 tons.— N.O. Adv. The Glovers, brothers, are attaching to their new ship, the Clarion, the Transversal Propellers, which work under water. The engines will be 70 horse power, and the whole weight of the machinery will not exceed 20 tons.— N.O. Adv. N.O. Adv. Quick Work. The National AEgis records the fact, that Mr. Billings, a blacksmith of Leicester, forged 150 horse-shoes in nine successive hours. They were made in a workman-like manner. Quick Work. Quick Work. The National AEgis records the fact, that Mr. Billings, a blacksmith of Leicester, forged 150 horse-shoes in nine successive hours. They were made in a workman-like manner. It is lucky for Mr. Billings that he did not flourish in times of yore. Not even his horse-shoes would have saved him from the penalty of witchcraft. It is lucky for Mr. Billings that he did not flourish in times of yore. Not even his horse-shoes horse-shoes would have saved him from the penalty of witchcraft. witchcraft. Result of a Challenge. John McCord has been sentenced in the Boston Municipal Court to six months hard labor in the house of correction of that city, for sending a challenge to the mate of the Caledonia to fight a duel. Result of a Challenge. Result of a Challenge. John McCord has been sentenced in the Boston Municipal Court to six months hard labor in the house of correction of that city, for sending a challenge for sending a challenge to the mate of the Caledonia to fight a duel. A lamentable case of suicide occurred on Sunday, in a house at the upper end of St. Charles street. The individual bore the name of Benjamin Oliver. He pierced his breast with more than twenty dagger wounds, and finding them all ineffectual to take away his life, he cut his throat from ear to ear, with an old penknife. It appears that the suicide was committed from an inducement to escape the horrors of deprivation. Terrible, terrible indeed, are the flings of poverty.— N.O. Advertiser. A lamentable case of suicide occurred on Sunday, in a house at the upper end of St. Charles street. The individual bore the name of Benjamin Oliver. He pierced his breast with more than twenty dagger wounds, and finding them all ineffectual to take away his life, he cut his throat from ear to ear, with an old penknife. It appears that the suicide was committed from an inducement to escape the horrors of deprivation. Terrible, terrible indeed, are the flings of poverty.— N.O. Advertiser. N.O. Advertiser. Sudden Death. Mr. Ichabod Condict, a highly respectable merchant of Orange, N.J. died suddenly at Newark, in an apoplectic fit. He was on his way to this city, and had just entered the railroad ticket-office, when he fell dead on the floor. Sudden Death. Sudden Death. Mr. Ichabod Condict, a highly respectable merchant of Orange, N.J. died suddenly at Newark, in an apoplectic fit. He was on his way to this city, and had just entered the railroad ticket-office, when he fell dead on the floor. George W. Warner, a journeyman printer, of Providence, committed suicide, on Sunday last, by cutting his throat with a razor. He was 30 years of age. George W. Warner, a journeyman printer, of Providence, committed suicide, on Sunday last, by cutting his throat with a razor. He was 30 years of age. The Schoolmaster Wanted. The Richmond Whig states that the census of Virginia, judging from partial returns, will, in all likelihood show full fifty thousand white adults in that State who cannot read. The Schoolmaster Wanted. The Schoolmaster Wanted. The Richmond Whig states that the census of Virginia, judging from partial returns, will, in all likelihood show full fifty thousand fifty thousand white adults in that State who cannot read. Mr. Combe, the phrenologist, is preparing to publish a new work, entitled 'A phrenological visit to the United, States.' It will consist of three volumes, the first of which is already printed. It will treat largely on the manners, customs, and institutions prevailing in the United States. Mr. Combe, the phrenologist, is preparing to publish a new work, entitled 'A phrenological visit to the United, States.' It will consist of three volumes, the first of which is already printed. It will treat largely on the manners, customs, and institutions prevailing in the United States. The Governor of Virginia, in his annual message recommends the abolishment of imprisonment for debt The Governor of Virginia, in his annual message recommends the abolishment of imprisonment for debt 

 THERE are now so many excellent Anti-Slavery publications, that the circulating library system is probably the most effectual and least expensive mode of spreading the whole subject before the nation. The plan is simply this:— Let the friends of the cause in each school district start a subscription, raise what they can, purchase a library, appoint some one to act as librarian, and then draw out the books, read them themselves, and put them into the hands of their friends and neighbors who are not abolitionists (who will read them,) exchanging them every two weeks, until every person in the district has had an opportunity to read them. Those who help pay for the library will be entitled, not only to the use of the books for themselves, but also to circulate them among their friends. In this way, three or four abolitionists may abolitionize almost any town or village, without the aid of a single lecture. This has been done in many instances. Those who can be induced to READ, will most assuredly be converted, and THOROUGHLY converted. THERE are now so many excellent Anti-Slavery publications, that the circulating library system is probably the most effectual and least expensive mode of spreading the whole subject before the nation. The plan is simply this:— Let the friends of the cause in each school district start a subscription, raise what they can, purchase a library, appoint some one to act as librarian, and then draw out the books, read them themselves, and put them into the hands of their friends and neighbors who are not abolitionists (who will read them,) exchanging them every two weeks, until every person in the district has had an opportunity to read them. Those who help pay for the library will be entitled, not only to the use of the books for themselves, but also to circulate them among their friends. In this way, three or four abolitionists may abolitionize almost any town or village, without the aid of a single lecture. This has been done in many instances. Those who can be induced to READ, will most assuredly be converted, and THOROUGHLY converted. Reader! will you see that an Anti-Slavery Library is established and put into circulation in your district, without delay? Reader! will you see that an Anti-Slavery Library is established and put into circulation in your district, without delay? Libraries will be made up varying in price from five to twenty-five dollars. Libraries will be made up varying in price from five to twenty-five dollars. A liberal discount will be made to societies and individuals, who purchase to sell again, or for distribution. A liberal discount will be made to societies and individuals, who purchase to sell again, or for distribution. A complete list of all the publications sold by the society will be given next week. A complete list of all the publications sold by the society will be given next week. Liberty Bell, for 1841, Liberty Bell, for 1841, North Star, North Star, Archy Moore, Archy Moore, Despotism in America, by the Author of Archy Moore, Despotism in America, by the Author of Archy Moore, Buxton on the Slave Trade, Buxton on the Slave Trade, Peter Wheeler— Chains and Freedom, Peter Wheeler— Chains and Freedom, British India— or Thompson's Lectures, British India— or Thompson's Lectures, Jay's View, Jay's View, Jay on the Condition of Free Colored People, Jay on the Condition of Free Colored People, Right and Wrong in Massachusetts, Right and Wrong in Massachusetts, Madden's Letter to Channing on the abuse of our Madden's Letter to Channing on the abuse of our Flag in the Island of Cuba, Flag in the Island of Cuba, Right and Wrong in A.S. Societies, Right and Wrong in A.S. Societies, The Envoy, The Envoy, Emancipation, by W.E. Channing. Emancipation, by W.E. Channing. 

 ALL THOSE who wish to make a real comfortable present to their friends on Christmas and New-Year's days, are reminded that the largest assortment of MUFFS may be found at the 'Ladies' Fur Store,'— Prices from 50 cents to 15 dollars each. Ladies and gentlemen, please remember 173 Washington street, nearly opposite the Old South church. ALL THOSE who wish to make a real comfortable present to their friends on Christmas and New-Year's days, are reminded that the largest assortment of MUFFS may be found at the 'Ladies' Fur Store,'— Prices from 50 cents to 15 dollars each. Ladies and gentlemen, please remember 173 Washington street, nearly opposite the Old South church. W.M SHUTE, Agent. W.M SHUTE, Agent. Agent. Dec. 18. Dec. 18. 

 CALICOES. CALICOES. Bleached and unbleached Muslins. Bleached and unbleached Muslins. Bleached and unbleached Canton Flannel. Bleached and unbleached Canton Flannel. Apron Check, and Colored Muslins. Apron Check, and Colored Muslins. Printed and Plain Pongees. Printed and Plain Pongees. Bleached, unbleached, mixed, and lead colored Knitting Cotton. Bleached, unbleached, mixed, and lead colored Knitting Cotton. Cotton and Linen Table Diaper. Cotton and Linen Table Diaper. White Grass Cloth. White Grass Cloth. Wicking and Cotton Laps. Wicking and Cotton Laps. Fine Linen Thread. Fine Linen Thread. Superfine Bed Ticking, 4-4 wide. Superfine Bed Ticking, 4-4 wide. Cotton Pantaloon Stuffs. Cotton Pantaloon Stuffs. Men's and Women's Cotton Hose. Men's and Women's Cotton Hose. Twilled Muslins. Twilled Muslins. Also a variety of SILK, LINEN, and WOOLLEN GOODS, Wholesale or Retail. Also a variety of SILK, LINEN, and WOOLLEN GOODS, Wholesale or Retail. CHARLES WISE, CHARLES WISE, North West Cor. of Arch and Fifth sts. North West Cor. of Arch and Fifth sts. N.B. Persons from a distance, wishing any of the above Goods, can have them sent, by forwarding their order to the subscriber. N.B. Persons from a distance, wishing any of the above Goods, can have them sent, by forwarding their order to the subscriber. C.W. C.W. Philadelphia, 11 mo. 7, 1840. Philadelphia, 11 mo. 7, 1840. 

 CASHMERE Goat— Lynx— Fitch— Jennett-Squirrel, Coney and Swans-down trimmings— of all shades and qualities. Also, the same materials in MUFFS of all sizes and prices. Furs manufactured or repaired, at short notice, and by the best workmen. You are respectfully invited to call. CASHMERE Goat— Lynx— Fitch— Jennett-Squirrel, Coney and Swans-down trimmings— of all shades and qualities. Also, the same materials in MUFFS of all sizes and prices. Furs manufactured or repaired, at short notice, and by the best workmen. You are respectfully invited to call. WM.M. SHUTE, Agent, WM.M. SHUTE, Agent, Agent, 173 Washington-st. nearly opposite Old South Church. 173 Washington-st. nearly opposite Old South Church. Boston, Nov. 6, 1840. Boston, Nov. 6, 1840. 3wis 3wis 

 ----- by the soul ----- by the soul by the soul Only, the nations shall be great and free! WORDSWORTH. WORDSWORTH. THE Seventh Annual Report of the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society, presented Oct. 14, 1840. For sale at the Anti-Slavery office, 25 Cornhill. Price, 12 1-2 cents single. THE Seventh Annual Report of the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society, presented Oct. 14, 1840. For sale at the Anti-Slavery office, 25 Cornhill. Price, 12 1-2 cents single. This work ought to be in the hands of every abolitionist. This work ought to be in the hands of every abolitionist. The following selection from it is the purest gold, and beautifully wrought out: The following selection from it is the purest gold, and beautifully wrought out: 'The anti-slavery societies have not yet done their work. When, in the heat of political excitement, amid which the favorers of the cause, a few years hence, will be engaged— when, in the conflict of a northern and southern party, yet to spring out of this question, compensation— partial emancipation— intermediate arrangements— delay, become the rallying words of the opposition— then let the slave rejoice if the anti-slavery societies exist, to urge up to the mark a partially regenerated people, who, though favorers of the cause of freedom, will not deserve to be called its friends; for they will need constant and perserving rebuke, entreaty, warning, to prevent their making shipwreck of the cause. Not by numbers, but by laborious and energetic fidelity, will the work be wrought out. 'Not by might or by power, but by MY SPIRIT, saith the Lord of hosts!' 'The anti-slavery societies have not yet done their work. When, in the heat of political excitement, amid which the favorers favorers of the cause, a few years hence, will be engaged— when, in the conflict of a northern and southern party, yet to spring out of this question, compensation— partial emancipation— intermediate arrangements— delay compensation— partial emancipation— intermediate arrangements— delay , become the rallying words of the opposition— then let the slave rejoice if the anti-slavery societies exist, to urge up to the mark a partially regenerated people, who, though favorers favorers of the cause of freedom, will not deserve to be called its friends; for they will need constant and perserving rebuke, entreaty, warning, to prevent their making shipwreck of the cause. Not by numbers, but by laborious and energetic fidelity, will the work be wrought out. 'Not by might or by power, but by MY SPIRIT, saith the Lord of hosts!' Nov. 13. Nov. 13. 

 EVERY VARIETY OF SHELL COMBS— HORN COMBS— POCKET-BOOKS— FANCY GOODS AND PERFUMERY. EVERY VARIETY OF SHELL COMBS— HORN COMBS— POCKET-BOOKS— FANCY GOODS AND PERFUMERY. Combs of every pattern made to order and repaired Oct. 23 tf Combs of every pattern made to order and repaired Oct. 23 tf 

 Sign of the Original Golden Comb, No. 2 Milk, two doors from Washington St., Boston. Sign of the Original Golden Comb, No. 2 Milk, two doors from Washington St., Boston. Sign of the Original Golden Comb, No. 2 Milk, two doors from Washington St., Boston. 

 SHELL COMBS, Lace, Wrought and plain, of the latest and most fashionable patterns and sizes. Horn Combs, of every variety; English Dressing Combs, Pocket Combs, Shell, Ivory, Horn, Metalic, and Wood; Fine Ivory Combs; Fancy Tortoise Shell Work; Pocket Books and Wallets, a large variety; Dressing Cases; Jewelry Boxes; Memorandum Books; Waste and Bank do; Sheep and Cal Wallets and Pocket Books; Spectacle Cases; Brushes of all kinds, Fancy Soaps for the Toilet; Fancy Articles, of every description; Card Cases— Shell, Pearl and Ivory, 75 different patterns; Napkin Rings; Purse Clasps; Razors and Straps; Shaving Boxes; Hand and Glass Mirrors; Pen and Pocket Knives; Silk Purses; Games and Toys; Fancy Stationary; Perfumery of all kinds; Fine Cosmetics; Hair Restorative; Church's Tooth Powder; Peruvian do. SHELL COMBS, Lace, Wrought and plain, of the latest and most fashionable patterns and sizes. Horn Combs, of every variety; English Dressing Combs, Pocket Combs, Shell, Ivory, Horn, Metalic, and Wood; Fine Ivory Combs; Fancy Tortoise Shell Work; Pocket Books and Wallets, a large variety; Dressing Cases; Jewelry Boxes; Memorandum Books; Waste and Bank do; Sheep and Cal Wallets and Pocket Books; Spectacle Cases; Brushes of all kinds, Fancy Soaps for the Toilet; Fancy Articles, of every description; Card Cases— Shell, Pearl and Ivory, 75 different patterns; Napkin Rings; Purse Clasps; Razors and Straps; Shaving Boxes; Hand and Glass Mirrors; Pen and Pocket Knives; Silk Purses; Games and Toys; Fancy Stationary; Perfumery of all kinds; Fine Cosmetics; Hair Restorative; Church's Tooth Powder; Peruvian do. Combs and Pocket Books made to order, or repaired. Combs and Pocket Books made to order, or repaired. Aug. 14, 1840. Aug. 14, 1840. 

 SUBSCRIBERS for this publication are coming in rapidly. Yesterday thirty were received. One man says: 'We shall obtain many more. shall bring up the subject at our next monthly meeting.' SUBSCRIBERS for this publication are coming in rapidly. Yesterday thirty thirty were received. One man says: 'We shall obtain many more. shall bring up the subject at our next monthly meeting.' Another correspondent writes: 'I welcomed with thy the first number of the Monthly Offering. I think it is just what we have needed for some time.' Another correspondent writes: 'I welcomed with thy the first number of the Monthly Offering. I think it is just what we have needed for some time.' Another:— 'I received the first No of the Monthly Offering a short time since— have showed it to as many as I could, and find it meets with general approbation. We think it will do more good than the 'Cradle of Liberty,' being so cheap that every one can take it if they wish.' Another:— 'I received the first No of the Monthly Offering a short time since— have showed it to as many as I could, and find it meets with general approbation. We think it will do more good than the 'Cradle of Liberty,' being so cheap that every one can take it if they wish.' Says another:— 'I am much pleased with the Monthly Offering, and have procured four subscribers in as many different families, who have never taken an anti-slavery periodical. I shall make exertions to procure more.' Says another:— 'I am much pleased with the Monthly Offering, and have procured four subscribers in as many different families, who have never taken an anti-slavery periodical. never taken an anti-slavery periodical. I shall make exertions to procure more.' It has been favorably noticed in several of the anti-slavery newspapers. The 'true tale,' by Mrs. Chapman, commenced in the first No. and to be completed in the second, is worth the entire subscription price of the publication for a year. It has been favorably noticed in several of the anti-slavery newspapers. The 'true tale,' by Mrs. Chapman, commenced in the first No. and to be completed in the second, is worth the entire subscription price of the publication for a year. The second No. is to be delayed a few days for subscribers to come in. 'Now's the day, and now's the hour.' The second No. is to be delayed a few days for subscribers to come in. 'Now's the day, and now's the hour. now's the hour. ' Price 37 1-2 cts. per copy for the year. But to encourage its circulation, four copies will be sent to axe address for one dollar. Price 37 1-2 cts. per copy for the year. But to encourage its circulation, four copies four copies will be sent to axe address axe address for one dollar. J.P.B. J.P.B. Boston, Aug. 19th. Boston, Aug. 19th. 

 HAVING practised his profession eight years, has removed from Taunton to Boston, and takes house 39 Front, near Eliot street. HAVING practised his profession eight years, has removed from Taunton to Boston, and takes house 39 Front, near Eliot street. Table  Table  Several letters, for general perusal, are left a Mr. J.B. Dow's Bookstore, 362 Washington street Sept. 25. Several letters, for general perusal, are left a Mr. J.B. Dow's Bookstore, 362 Washington street Sept. 25. 3w 3w 

 FILLING, Setting, Extracting and Regulating Teeth. Teeth filled with pure gold, or the celebrated Lithodeon. By the use of this valuable and recently discovered article, thousands of Teeth can be saved, which, for the want thereof, other Dentists are compelled to extract. FILLING, Setting, Extracting and Regulating Teeth. Teeth filled with pure gold, or the celebrated Lithodeon. celebrated Lithodeon. By the use of this valuable and recently discovered article, thousands of Teeth can be saved, which, for the want thereof, other Dentists are compelled to extract. Mineral Teeth inserted with pivot or on gold plate, form one to an entire set, in the most perfect and durable manner. Terms low and all operations warranted. Mr. J. respectfully invites his friends and the public to call and examine his practical specimens o plate work and mineral Teeth. Mineral Teeth inserted with pivot or on gold plate, form one to an entire set, in the most perfect and durable manner. Terms low and all operations warranted. Mr. J. respectfully invites his friends and the public to call and examine his practical specimens o plate work and mineral Teeth. 34— ep3m. 34— ep3m. 

 A SCRIPTURE MANUAL containing four hundred and thirty-five Questions on Theological and moral subjects alphabetically arranged, designed to facilitate the finding of Proof Texts. By CHARLES SIMMONS. Price 62 1-2 cts. single, 56 cts. by the half dozen, and 50 cts. each by the dozen. A SCRIPTURE MANUAL containing four hundred and thirty-five Questions on Theological and moral subjects alphabetically arranged, designed to facilitate the finding of Proof Texts. By CHARLES SIMMONS. Price 62 1-2 cts. single, 56 cts. by the half dozen, and 50 cts. each by the dozen. For sale by For sale by CROCKER & BREWSTER, CROCKER & BREWSTER, 47 Washington Street. 47 Washington Street. Nov. 20. Nov. 20. 6w 6w 

 FREEDOM'S LYRE.— A new Anti-Slavery Hymn Book, compiled with great care, and just from the New-York press. Price 37 1-2 cents. FREEDOM'S LYRE.— A new Anti-Slavery Hymn Book, compiled with great care, and just from the New-York press. Price 37 1-2 cents. FREEDOM'S GIFT, or Sentiments of the Free.— A collection of original pieces of poetry and prose. Published at Hartford, Ct. Price 50 cents. FREEDOM'S GIFT, or Sentiments of the Free. or Sentiments of the Free. — A collection of original pieces of poetry and prose. Published at Hartford, Ct. Price 50 cents. MR. MAY'S DISCOURSE, on the Life and character of Charles Follen— Delivered before the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society in the Marlboro' Chapel, Boston, April 17, 1840. Price 17 cents. MR. MAY'S DISCOURSE, on the Life and character of Charles Follen on the Life and character of Charles Follen — Delivered before the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society in the Marlboro' Chapel, Boston, April 17, 1840. Price 17 cents. The above are all works of peculiar interest. The above are all works of peculiar interest. 

 THE ENVOY from Free Hearts to the Free. Just published by the Pawtucket Juvenile Anti-Slavery Society, and for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 25 Cornhill. This is the 'Anti-Slavery Token' noticed by M.W.C. in the Liberator of Sept. 18 Price 42cents each or $4 per dozen. Every abolitionist should be a purchaser. THE ENVOY from Free Hearts to the Free. from Free Hearts to the Free. Just published by the Pawtucket Juvenile Anti-Slavery Society, and for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 25 Cornhill. This is the 'Anti-Slavery Token' noticed by M.W.C. in the Liberator of Sept. 18 Price 42cents each or $4 per dozen. Every abolitionist should be a purchaser. THE ANTI-SLAVERY DEPOSITORY is supplied with a large assortment of anti-slavery publications, whole-sale and retail, which we are anxious to exchange for the money. Will our friends send in their orders? oct. 16 THE ANTI-SLAVERY DEPOSITORY is supplied with a large assortment of anti-slavery publications, whole-sale and retail, which we are anxious to exchange for the money. Will our friends send in their orders? oct. 16 

 MOSES A. DOW (of the firm of Dow & Jackson) has opened a Bookstore, No. 204 Hanover St. where he intends to keep a general assortment of Religious, School, Miscellaneous, Juvenile and Toy Books. Also, BLANK BOOKS AND STATION. ARY, of every description. MOSES A. DOW (of the firm of Dow & Jackson) has opened a Bookstore, No. 204 Hanover St. where he intends to keep a general assortment of Religious, School, Miscellaneous, Juvenile and Toy Books. Also, BLANK BOOKS AND STATION. ARY, of every description. Any Book not on hand, by leaving orders as above, will be furnished at short notice, and as low as at any other store. Any Book not on hand, by leaving orders as above, will be furnished at short notice, and as low as at any other store. Anti-Slavery Books, of all kinds, for sale as above. Anti-Slavery Books, of all kinds, for sale as above. 3t. 3t. Oct.9. Oct.9. 

 THE Academical Year commences the second Monday in September, and consists of four quarters of eleven weeks each. The vacation at the close of the year is five weeks; the others one week each. THE Academical Year commences the second Monday in September, and consists of four quarters of eleven weeks each. The vacation at the close of the year is five weeks; the others one week each. Mr. and Mrs. MACK have been engaged in teaching several years, and devote themselves to the parental education of their pupils. They have a house built expressly for the accommodation of about TWENTY PUPILS, in a pleasant and healthy situation. They are assisted by the best teachers of Music, Drawing, and modern languages, and by assistant teachers who reside in the family. Mr. and Mrs. MACK have been engaged in teaching several years, and devote themselves to the parental education of their pupils. They have a house built expressly for the accommodation of about TWENTY PUPILS, in a pleasant and healthy situation. They are assisted by the best teachers of Music, Drawing, and modern languages, and by assistant teachers who reside in the family. BOARD— (Due in advance,) for one year, $150. For one quarter— summer or fall, $45— winter or spring, $50. BOARD— (Due in advance,) for one year, $150. For one quarter— summer or fall, $45— winter or spring, $50. TUITION, (per quarter) English or Classical branches, $15; Instrumental Music, with use of instrument $20; cultivation of the voice and singing, (teacher Miss YOUNG, who boards in the family,) $5; Drawing, $8; painting in water colors, $15; teacher, Mr. VAUTIN, from England. Teacher of Italian and French Mr. LANZA, from Italy. Miss CUSHING, Assistant Principal. Miss SANGER, Assistant Pupil. TUITION, (per quarter) English or Classical branches, $15; Instrumental Music, with use of instrument $20; cultivation of the voice and singing, (teacher Miss YOUNG, who boards in the family,) $5; Drawing, $8; painting in water colors, $15; teacher, Mr. VAUTIN, from England. Teacher of Italian and French Mr. LANZA, from Italy. Miss CUSHING, Assistant Principal. Miss SANGER, Assistant Pupil. D. MACK, Principal. D. MACK, Principal. Principal. Cambridge, March 10, 1840. Cambridge, March 10, 1840. 11eptf. 11eptf. 

 GENTLEMEN visiting New York, either transiently or for a considerable time, who have no partiality for an atmosphere reeking with the fumes of alcohol and tobacco, will find a pleasant, quiet, comfortable house during their stay, at the Temperance House 163 Bar[ ]lay street, near the centre of business, and within a few minutes' walk of all the Steamboat Landings. The location is one of the most desirable in the city; the house new, spacious and commodious, and the fare, though vegetable, and prepared with a strict regard to Temperance and Health, will be found acceptable, and embracing every variety desired by the undepraved appetite. GENTLEMEN visiting New York, either transiently or for a considerable time, who have no partiality for an atmosphere reeking with the fumes of alcohol and tobacco, will find a pleasant, quiet, comfortable house during their stay, at the Temperance House 163 Bar[ ]lay street, near the centre of business, and within a few minutes' walk of all the Steamboat Landings. The location is one of the most desirable in the city; the house new, spacious and commodious, and the fare, though vegetable, and prepared with a strict regard to Temperance and Health, will be found acceptable, and embracing every variety desired by the undepraved appetite. July 10. July 10. 

 No 61 Cherry, between Rosevelt street and James Slip. Cooks, Stewards and Seamen, who come to this house, will have their choice of ships and the highest wages. No 61 Cherry, between Rosevelt street and James Slip. Cooks, Stewards and Seamen, who come to this house, will have their choice of ships and the highest wages. 

 STEPHEN BATES, Nos. 14 and 15 Dock Square, has for sale— STEPHEN BATES, Nos. 14 and 15 Dock Square, has for sale— Hathaway Hot Air Cooking Stoves, Hathaway Hot Air Cooking Stoves, Table  Table  Fire Frames, Oven and Boiler Mouths, Ash pit Doors, Taunton Hollow Ware Cauldrons, New-York Parlor Grates, Cast Iron Sinks, elegant Steel Fire Sets, &c. Fire Frames, Oven and Boiler Mouths, Ash pit Doors, Taunton Hollow Ware Cauldrons, New-York Parlor Grates, Cast Iron Sinks, elegant Steel Fire Sets, &c. Also, an assortment of Doric and Minerva Fire Places, improved— the best Stove for burning coal in use. Also, an assortment of Doric and Minerva Fire Places, improved— the best Stove for burning coal in use. Nov. 20. Nov. 20. 

 MASSACHUSETTS.— William Loring, Sandwich;— B Freeman, Brewster;— Ezekiel Thatcher, Barnstable and Yarmouth;— R.F. Wollcut, Dennis;— George O, Harmon, Haverhill;— Joseph Brown, Andover;— Joseph L. Noyes, Georgetown;— Joseph Clement, Townsend. MASSACHUSETTS.— William Loring, Sandwich Sandwich ;— B Freeman, Brewster Brewster ;— Ezekiel Thatcher, Barnstable and Yarmouth Barnstable and Yarmouth ;— R.F. Wollcut, Dennis;— George O, Dennis;— George O, Harmon, Haverhill Haverhill ;— Joseph Brown, Andover Andover ;— Joseph L. Noyes, Georgetown Georgetown ;— Joseph Clement, Townsend. Townsend. RHODE-ISLAND.— Wm. Adams, Pawtucket;— Wm. Aplin, Providence;— George S. Gould, Warwick. RHODE-ISLAND.— Wm. Adams, Pawtucket Pawtucket ;— Wm. Aplin, Providence Providence ;— George S. Gould, Warwick. Warwick. CONNECTICUT.— George W. Benson, Brooklyn;— S.S. Cowles, Hartford;— Peter Osborn, New-Haven;— Thomas Kenney, Jr. Norwich;— John S. Hall, East Hampton. CONNECTICUT.— George W. Benson, Brooklyn Brooklyn ;— S.S. Cowles, Hartford Hartford ;— Peter Osborn, New-Haven New-Haven ;— Thomas Kenney, Jr. Norwich Norwich ;— John S. Hall, East Hampton. East Hampton. NEW-YORK.— S.W. Benedict and Thomas Van Ransalaer, New— York City;— Charles S. Morton, Albany;— James C. Fuller, Skaneateles;— John H. Barker, Per;— Thomas McClintock, Waterloo;— Charles Marriott, Hudson. NEW-YORK.— S.W. Benedict and Thomas Van Ransalaer, New— York City New— York City ;— Charles S. Morton, Albany Albany ;— James C. Fuller, Skaneateles Skaneateles ;— John H. Barker, Per Per ;— Thomas McClintock, Waterloo Waterloo ;— Charles Marriott, Hudson. Hudson. PENNSYLVANIA.— H.C. Howell, Alleghany;— J.B. Vashon, Pittsburg;— M. Preston, West Grove;— Joseph Fulton, Jr. Swan;— Thomas Peart, Enterprise;— Thomas Hambleton, Russellville;— B. Kent, Andrew's Bridge;— John Cox, Homorton;— Rev. C.A. Boyd, Erie, Erie Co.;— James M.M Kim, Philadelphia. PENNSYLVANIA.— H.C. Howell, Alleghany Alleghany ;— J.B. Vashon, Pittsburg Pittsburg ;— M. Preston, West Grove West Grove ;— Joseph Fulton, Jr. Swan Swan ;— Thomas Peart, Enterprise Enterprise ;— Thomas Hambleton, Russellville Russellville ;— B. Kent, Andrew's Bridge Andrew's Bridge ;— John Cox, Homorton Homorton ;— Rev. C.A. Boyd, Erie, Erie Co. Erie, Erie Co. ;— James M.M Kim, Philadelphia. Philadelphia. OHIO.— James Boyle, Cincinnati;— Charles Olcutt, Medina;— Dr. J. Harvey, Harveysburg;— Abner G. Kirk, Berryville;— William Hills, Oberlin;— James Austin, Atwater;— Lot Holmes, New Lisbon;— Joseph A. Dugdale, Cortsville. OHIO.— James Boyle, Cincinnati Cincinnati ;— Charles Olcutt, Medina Medina ;— Dr. J. Harvey, Harveysburg Harveysburg ;— Abner G. Kirk, Berryville Berryville ;— William Hills, Oberlin Oberlin ;— James Austin, Atwater Atwater ;— Lot Holmes, New Lisbon New Lisbon ;— Joseph A. Dugdale, Cortsville. Cortsville. 

 Remittances by Mail.— 'A Postmaster may enclose money in a letter to the publisher of a newspaper, to pay the subscription of a third person, and frank the-letter if written by himself.' Remittances by Mail. Remittances by Mail. — 'A Postmaster may enclose money in a letter to the publisher of a newspaper, to pay the subscription of a third person, and frank the-letter if written by himself.' Agents who remit money should always designate the persons to whom it is to be credited Agents who remit money should always designate the persons to whom it is to be credited 

