 It appears by the following intelligence, that the war has been renewed against Texas, by Mexico, with great vigor and efficiency; and every friend of justice, humanity and freedom must wish her complete success. The renewal of the war, at this juncture, will happily defeat the nefarious project of the South to annex Texas to the Union at the present session of Congress. It appears by the following intelligence, that the war has been renewed against Texas, Texas, by Mexico, with great vigor and efficiency; and every every friend of justice, humanity and freedom must wish her complete success. The renewal of the war, at this juncture, will happily defeat the nefarious project of the South to annex Texas to the Union at the present session of Congress. From an Extra of the Civilian, (Galveston) of the 12th of March? From an Extra of the Civilian, Civilian, (Galveston) of the 12th of March? 'By the steamer Dayton, just arrived from Houston, we learn that expresses arrived yesterday from Austin, dated on Monday last, stating that intelligence had reached that place, that San Antonio was taken by Mexicans on Saturday last. Captain Dotton, who brought the intelligence from Austin, states that the number of Mexicans was large, numbering several thousands. 'By the steamer Dayton, just arrived from Houston, we learn that expresses arrived yesterday from Austin, dated on Monday last, stating that intelligence had reached that place, that San Antonio was taken by Mexicans on Saturday last. Captain Dotton, who brought the intelligence from Austin, states that the number of Mexicans was large, numbering several thousands. The express which reached here from Victoria last night, states that a body of 300 Mexicans who captured Capt. H. Ferguson, and from whom he escaped, stated that their force on this side of the Nucces, numbered 800, who were destined for Victoria, that 3000 had gone to San Antonio, and that there were in all, 14,000 this side of the Rio Grande. The express which reached here from Victoria last night, states that a body of 300 Mexicans who captured Capt. H. Ferguson, and from whom he escaped, stated that their force on this side of the Nucces, numbered 800, who were destined for Victoria, that 3000 had gone to San Antonio, and that there were in all, 14,000 this side of the Rio Grande. Men are turning out rapidly at Houston. Men are turning out rapidly at Houston. A number of men left this city yesterday for the seat of war, and a company is expected to leave today. A number of men left this city yesterday for the seat of war, and a company is expected to leave today. The news of the abandonment of San Antonio by the whites, and its occupation by the Mexicans, is confirmed. Six hundred Texians were at Sugnine at the last accounts, reinforcements were going in, and they expected to make a stand there with one thousand men. The news of the abandonment of San Antonio by the whites, and its occupation by the Mexicans, is confirmed. Six hundred Texians were at Sugnine at the last accounts, reinforcements were going in, and they expected to make a stand there with one thousand men. Austin is believed to have been abandoned, the families removing to Bastrop, and the men going to Saguine. Gen. Burleson was on his way from Bastrop for the seat of war with 400 men. Austin is believed to have been abandoned, the families removing to Bastrop, and the men going to Saguine. Gen. Burleson was on his way from Bastrop for the seat of war with 400 men. The effect of all this is, that our people are neither dismayed or disturbed, but glad of an opportunity to avenge past injuries, and show to the world their ability to maintain their independence. Some time may elapse before a decisive battle is had, but when it does come, the world will read a repetition of the scenes of San Jacinto on an enlarged scale. The effect of all this is, that our people are neither dismayed or disturbed, but glad of an opportunity to avenge past injuries, and show to the world their ability to maintain their independence. Some time may elapse before a decisive battle is had, but when it does come, the world will read a repetition of the scenes of San Jacinto on an enlarged scale. We add the following, received from an authentic source: We add the following, received from an authentic source: At 11 o'clock on Sunday, as the New York was coming out from Galveston, we met the steamer Edward Burrelsen, just from Houston, and learned officially of the surrender of San Antonio to the Mexicans, under the command of Gen. Vasquez, on the 5th inst. His force consisted of 50 lancers, 350 cavalry, 100 infantry, 30 mounted Caddo Indians, and about 550 rancheros, and is, no doubt, the advance guard of the army. All the Mexicans in Bexar have joined the invading army. From the best information we can get, the entire Mexican force now in Texas is believed to be about 15,000. Gen. Burrelson has about 2000 men under his command at Gonzales, and is daily receiving accessions. He is prepared to give the enemy a warm reception, and although the numbers are largely against them, he and his men are certain of success, and impatient for the conflict. At 11 o'clock on Sunday, as the New York was coming out from Galveston, we met the steamer Edward Burrelsen, just from Houston, and learned officially of the surrender of San Antonio to the Mexicans, under the command of Gen. Vasquez, on the 5th inst. His force consisted of 50 lancers, 350 cavalry, 100 infantry, 30 mounted Caddo Indians, and about 550 rancheros, and is, no doubt, the advance guard of the army. All the Mexicans in Bexar have joined the invading army. From the best information we can get, the entire Mexican force now in Texas is believed to be about 15,000. Gen. Burrelson has about 2000 men under his command at Gonzales, and is daily receiving accessions. He is prepared to give the enemy a warm reception, and although the numbers are largely against them, he and his men are certain of success, and impatient for the conflict. Gen. Houston left Galveston on Sunday morning, at 10 o'clock, for the army. He goes cool and collected, as would seem from exterior appearances, whilst at the same time, those who are intimate with him can but perceive that eruptions equal to Mount Vesuvius are at work within him. His health is firm, his spirits good, and a determination immoveably fixed in him to heap vengeance on the perfidious Mexicans. Gen. Houston left Galveston on Sunday morning, at 10 o'clock, for the army. He goes cool and collected, as would seem from exterior appearances, whilst at the same time, those who are intimate with him can but perceive that eruptions equal to Mount Vesuvius are at work within him. His health is firm, his spirits good, and a determination immoveably fixed in him to heap vengeance on the perfidious Mexicans. If necessary, he will have 10,000 Texians in the field in thirty days. Houston and Galveston are turning out to a man, as in all other parts of Texas. The steamer Lafitte, and three sloops, all private property, have been manned and full fitted out by the citizens of Galveston, and sailed on Sunday, under command of Capt. Clarke, for Copano, and the Braso San Iago The Texas flag will be planted at the latter place, and the next step is to take Matamoras. These are the orders of Gen. Houston. If necessary, he will have 10,000 Texians in the field in thirty days. Houston and Galveston are turning out to a man, as in all other parts of Texas. The steamer Lafitte, and three sloops, all private property, have been manned and full fitted out by the citizens of Galveston, and sailed on Sunday, under command of Capt. Clarke, for Copano, and the Braso San Iago The Texas flag will be planted at the latter place, and the next step is to take Matamoras. These are the orders of Gen. Houston. Never have I seen so much joy manifested by any people as is by the Texians, in consequence of their invasion by Mexico. All are on tiptoe at the prospect of an early engagement, and the motto of 'Victory or Death, and no Surrender,' is the cry and watchword of every Texian citizen. In the language of the hero of San Jacinto, whose letter you have— 'Mexico has made the war, and has provoked the indignation of all who have regarded her sanguinary cruelty and matchless perfidy since the Alamo was first besieged. Let Mexico look out for the recompense of her iniquities.' Never have I seen so much joy manifested by any people as is by the Texians, in consequence of their invasion by Mexico. All are on tiptoe at the prospect of an early engagement, and the motto of 'Victory or Death, and no Surrender,' is the cry and watchword of every Texian citizen. In the language of the hero of San Jacinto, whose letter you have— 'Mexico has made the war, and has provoked the indignation of all who have regarded her sanguinary cruelty and matchless perfidy since the Alamo was first besieged. Let Mexico look out for the recompense of her iniquities.' Emigrants from the United States would be welcome to the army of Texas, provided they go as prescribed by the President. His reasons for requiring those who emigrate to be fully armed, must be obvious to every one. Texas has now more men than arms, munitions or provisions, and should any go, subordination when they get there will be as important as will their arms. A large number of men going into the country at this time unarmed, would detract from, rather than add to the defence of the country. Emigrants from the United States would be welcome to the army of Texas, provided they go as prescribed by the President. His reasons for requiring those who emigrate to be fully armed, must be obvious to every one. Texas has now more men than arms, munitions or provisions, and should any go, subordination when they get there will be as important as will their arms. A large number of men going into the country at this time unarmed, would detract from, rather than add to the defence of the country. A crisis is at hand in Texas, of the most important character. A spark has been kindled which will never be extinguished until Mexico declares Texas to be free and independent, or her brave sons will perish in the effort. The constant cry is, 'Remember the Alamo,' 'Remember the Santa Fe prisoners.' A crisis is at hand in Texas, of the most important character. A spark has been kindled which will never be extinguished until Mexico declares Texas to be free and independent, or her brave sons will perish in the effort. The constant cry is, 'Remember the Alamo,' 'Remember the Santa Fe prisoners.' The exigency having arrived so unexpectedly, the government has not had time to form or digest any specific modes in which the aid of the friends of Texas in the United States should be asked or furnished. But the citizens of Galveston, representing the feelings of their common country, have deputed Mesars. Watrous, Megginson and Jones, to communicate with their friends here, and to devise such measures as may be found practicable. These gentlemen will address their views to the community of New Orleans and the citizens of the United States, in the papers of the day. The exigency having arrived so unexpectedly, the government has not had time to form or digest any specific modes in which the aid of the friends of Texas in the United States should be asked or furnished. But the citizens of Galveston, representing the feelings of their common country, have deputed Mesars. Watrous, Megginson and Jones, to communicate with their friends here, and to devise such measures as may be found practicable. These gentlemen will address their views to the community of New Orleans and the citizens of the United States, in the papers of the day. 

 A large number of communications still remain on file for insertion as soon as practicable. A large number of communications still remain on file for insertion as soon as practicable. 

 . . . . . . Not such are the arms that become the great powers of Daniel Webster— not such the aid that a just and honest cause, requires. Not such are the arms that become the great powers of Daniel Webster— not such the aid that a just and honest cause, requires. But what shall we say of the attempt to determine the case of human beings, with souls immortal as our own— with like hopes, feelings, passions, capacities and responsibilities— by the law applicable to certain bales of goods? But what shall we say of the attempt to determine the case of human beings, with souls immortal as our own— with like hopes, feelings, passions, capacities and responsibilities— by the law applicable to certain bales of goods? In the former part of this paper, we have vindicated the language of the despatch from the appearance— and it is an appearance only— of, classing slaves as merchandize— but here there is no room for any such interpretation. They are, in this supposed case, put precisely upon the footing of merchandize, of bales of opium— and with no claim to other consideration, other rules of law, other rights or remedies, than so much inert dead matter. In the former part of this paper, we have vindicated the language of the despatch from the appearance— and it is an appearance only— of, classing slaves as merchandize— but here there is no room for any such interpretation. They are, in this supposed case, put precisely upon the footing of merchandize, of bales of opium— and with no claim to other consideration, other rules of law, other rights or remedies, than so much inert dead matter. And this brings us, naturally, to an examination of the terms 'mutineer and murderer,' used so frequently in this despatch, and without any apparent hesitation or distrust as to their accuracy. We take issue upon these terms, and delay that the revolters of the Creole were, in any just sense, 'mutineers or murderers.' By the law of that portion of the United States from which they sailed— a law which they had no share in framing, and to which they had never assented— they were slaves; but they were so only by coercion. While within the country, all the power thereof must, if needed, have been employed to keep them in slavery, or punish them for insurrection; because that is the constitutional charter by which we, the people of the United States, have bound ourselves. And this brings us, naturally, to an examination of the terms 'mutineer and murderer,' used so frequently in this despatch, and without any apparent hesitation or distrust as to their accuracy. We take issue upon these terms, and delay that the revolters of the Creole were, in any just sense, 'mutineers or murderers.' By the law of that portion of the United States from which they sailed— a law which they had no share in framing, and to which they had never assented— they were slaves; but they were so only by coercion. While within the country, all the power thereof must, if needed, have been employed to keep them in slavery, or punish them for insurrection; because that is the constitutional charter by which we, the people of the United States, have bound ourselves. But this provision of our charter must, as against liberty, be construed with the utmost strictness; and no more or greater extension be given to it, than the letter of the law will warrant. Slavery being a local institution— though protected within its sphere by the general law— it may be doubted whether this general law could be properly extended to its protection beyond the point where the local law would cease to be operative. For instance: the Constitution of the United States recognizes and upholds slavery in Virginia; but if the owner of slaves in Virginia, for any purpose of his own, hazards them beyond the jurisdiction of the State and of the United States, to wit: on the high seas— he by his own act seems to put them out of the protection of our laws. But this provision of our charter must, as against liberty, be construed with the utmost strictness; and no more or greater extension be given to it, than the letter of the law will warrant. Slavery being a local institution— though protected within its sphere within its sphere by the general law— it may be doubted whether this general law could be properly extended to its protection beyond the point where the local law would cease to be operative. For instance: the Constitution of the United States recognizes and upholds slavery in Virginia; but if the owner of slaves in Virginia, for any purpose of his own, hazards them beyond the jurisdiction of the State and of the United States, to wit: on the high seas— he by his own act seems to put them out of the protection of our laws. It is no answer to this to say that an American ship is for certain purposes to be deemed and taken as an extension only of the American territory; and with all she carries still, even on the high seas, under American laws. This, as a general proposition, is true; but, like all general propositions, liable to exception; and the exception here is precisely the case of slaves. Their mixed character of property and persons constitutes the ground of the exception. In fact and in truth, they are human beings, men and women— like ourselves— and not bushels of wheat, or hogsheads of tobacco. The law which regards them as such— as chattels, property— is local, not general— limited, not universal— while the law which defines and guarantees merchandize, properly so called, is comprehensive, and every where accepted and obeyed. It is no answer to this to say that an American ship is for certain purposes to be deemed and taken as an extension only of the American territory; and with all she carries still, even on the high seas, under American laws. This, as a general proposition, is true; but, like all general propositions, liable to exception; and the exception here is precisely the case of slaves. Their mixed character of property and persons constitutes the ground of the exception. In fact and in truth, they are human beings, men and women— like ourselves— and not bushels of wheat, or hogsheads of tobacco. The law which regards them as such— as chattels, property— is local, not general— limited, not universal— while the law which defines and guarantees merchandize, properly so called, is comprehensive, and every where accepted and obeyed. Hence, then, when slaves, by the act of their owners, are taken out of the jurisdiction of the local law, and of the general law, as in confirmation— but not in extension— of the local law, they must be kept in slavery, if kept at all, by superior physical force; and resistance of that force on their part, even unto death, cannot be called mutiny or murder— because they are violating no law by such resistance, but, on the contrary, vindicating their natural freedom— the gift of God alike to all. Hence, then, when slaves, by the act of their owners, are taken out of the jurisdiction of the local law, and of the general law, as in confirmation— but not in extension but not in extension — of the local law, they must be kept in slavery, if kept at all, by superior physical force; and resistance of that force on their part, even unto death, cannot be called mutiny or murder— because they are violating no law by such resistance, but, on the contrary, vindicating their natural freedom— the gift of God alike to all. When, therefore, Mr. Webster characterizes the successful revolt of the slaves of the Creole as 'one of the highest offences, known to human law'— and when those slaves who, in bursting their galling fetters, and with arms conquering their freedom, restrained themselves within the least possible degree of violence, spared woman and childhood, and did nothing in vengeance or cruelty, are, by a consummate master of language and of law, called 'mutineers and murderers,' we confess our utter amazement, our unfeigned sorrow. When, therefore, Mr. Webster characterizes the successful revolt of the slaves of the Creole as 'one of the highest offences, known to human law'— and when those slaves who, in bursting their galling fetters, and with arms conquering their freedom, restrained themselves within the least possible degree of violence, spared woman and childhood, and did nothing in vengeance or cruelty, are, by a consummate master of language and of law, called 'mutineers and murderers,' we confess our utter amazement, our unfeigned sorrow. That the son of a New-England soldier of freedom, a disciple of the New-England common schools, a patriot, whose heart has been warmed in contemplation of the 'rebel' fields of Bunker Hill and Lexington— an American, whose gushing affections for 'his own, his native land,' have lent to his eloquence a fervor and an earnestness that have made, and, while the language lasts, will make it, for every youthful and ingenuous bosom, as the voice of the trumpet to the war-horse,— that such a man, so endowed, so trusted, should, by any exigencies of official station, permit himself to be forced into the adoption of language and opinions such as are here animadverted on, does indeed seem to us to afford a lamentable illustration of the fallibility of human judgment. That the son of a New-England soldier of freedom, a disciple of the New-England common schools, a patriot, whose heart has been warmed in contemplation of the 'rebel' fields of Bunker Hill and Lexington— an American, whose gushing affections for 'his own, his native land,' have lent to his eloquence a fervor and an earnestness that have made, and, while the language lasts, will make it, for every youthful and ingenuous bosom, as the voice of the trumpet to the war-horse,— that such a man, so endowed, so trusted, should, by any exigencies of official station, permit himself to be forced into the adoption of language and opinions such as are here animadverted on, does indeed seem to us to afford a lamentable illustration of the fallibility of human judgment. In our next, we shall refer to certain decisions of British tribunals, and to opinions expressed in our country that have a direct bearing on this question. In our next, we shall refer to certain decisions of British tribunals, and to opinions expressed in our country that have a direct bearing on this question. 

 GALVESTON, March 11, 1842. GALVESTON, March 11, 1842. To. T.P. Edmunds, Consul to New-Orleans: To. T.P. Edmunds, Consul to New-Orleans: To. T.P. Edmunds, Consul to New-Orleans: SIR— It is probable that you will find in New-Orleans, and other parts of the United States, great excitement arising out of the late movements of Mexico against Texas! If any should be anxious to volunteer in rendering assistance to our republic, it will be your duty to have it made known, that if any should emigrate, it will be required for each emigrant to bring with him a good rifle or musket, with a car-touch box, or shot-pouch and powder-horn, with at least one hundred rounds of ammunition, a good knapsack, and six months clothing, and enter service for six months, subject to the laws of Texas. They must be landed, for the present, at some point west of the Brasos, with eight days provisions. No number less than fifty-six, in companies well organized, will be received, and, on landing, each commandant will report to the Secretary of War for orders. Emigrants who wish to remove to Texas at this time, must come thus prepared, as none other would be of use to the defence of the country, nor will they be received. There is a greater scarcity of arms and munitions of war than of men in Texas. Were men to come in great numbers to the country without being in a condition to act efficiently, and well provided, it would only encumber the country, without any other effect than to destroy the substance of those who would be necessary to sustain and defend the nation. SIR— It is probable that you will find in New-Orleans, and other parts of the United States, great excitement arising out of the late movements of Mexico against Texas! If any should be anxious to volunteer in rendering assistance to our republic, it will be your duty to have it made known, that if any should emigrate, it will be required for each emigrant to bring with him a good rifle or musket, with a car-touch box, or shot-pouch and powder-horn, with at least one hundred rounds of ammunition, a good knapsack, and six months clothing, and enter service for six months, subject to the laws of Texas. They must be landed, for the present, at some point west of the Brasos, with eight days provisions. No number less than fifty-six, in companies well organized, will be received, and, on landing, each commandant will report to the Secretary of War for orders. Emigrants who wish to remove to Texas at this time, must come thus prepared, as none other would be of use to the defence of the country, nor will they be received. There is a greater scarcity of arms and munitions of war than of men in Texas. Were men to come in great numbers to the country without being in a condition to act efficiently, and well provided, it would only encumber the country, without any other effect than to destroy the substance of those who would be necessary to sustain and defend the nation. We can bring into the field at least ten thousand men, and, in case of emergency, we could raise fifteen thousand. We can bring into the field at least ten thousand men, and, in case of emergency, we could raise fifteen thousand. The war will not be of long duration. No Mexican force can long sustain itself in Texas. The war will not be of long duration. No Mexican force can long sustain itself in Texas. The indignation of Texians will not tolerate the pollution of their soil by the footsteps of their servile]-invaders. The indignation of Texians will not tolerate the pollution of their soil by the footsteps of their servile]-invaders. Mexico has made the war, and has provoked the indignation of all those who have regarded her sanguinary cruelty and matchless perlidy since the Alamo was first besieged. Mexico has made the war, and has provoked the indignation of all those who have regarded her sanguinary cruelty and matchless perlidy since the Alamo was first besieged. Let Mexico look out for the recompense of her iniquities. Let Mexico look out for the recompense of her iniquities. I have the honor to be your obedient servant, I have the honor to be your obedient servant, SAM HOUSTON, President. SAM HOUSTON, President. President. 

 At a meeting of the Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society, held in Dublin, 2d February, 1842, JAMES HAUGHTON, Esq. in the Chair. At a meeting of the Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society, held in Dublin, 2d February, 1842, JAMES HAUGHTON, Esq. in the Chair. Resolved, That we have read with deep interest the 'case of the Creole,' an American vessel which, some time since, cast anchor at a port within the British territory, having a number of men who were slaves on board, and that we earnestly request of our government that those men may be treated in every respect as freemen, and as white men would be in similar circumstances. Resolved, That we have read with deep interest the 'case of the Creole,' an American vessel which, some time since, cast anchor at a port within the British territory, having a number of men who were slaves on board, and that we earnestly request of our government that those men may be treated in every respect as freemen, freemen, and as white white men would be in similar circumstances. The resolution was forwarded to the minister for Foreign Affairs, in the following letter, and the accompanying answer was returned; The resolution was forwarded to the minister for Foreign Affairs, in the following letter, and the accompanying answer was returned; DUBLIN, FEB. 2, 1842. DUBLIN, FEB. 2, 1842. As Secretary of the Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society, it becomes my duty to forward the annexed resolution. As Secretary of the Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society, it becomes my duty to forward the annexed resolution. I feel so confident, however, that the British government will uphold the principle of freedom in this matter, that I feel it unnecessary to urge any argument in addition. I feel so confident, however, that the British government will uphold the principle of freedom in this matter, that I feel it unnecessary to urge any argument in addition. I am, respectfully, I am, respectfully, RICHARD ALLEN, Secretary. RICHARD ALLEN, Secretary. Secretary. To Lord Aberdeen, Minister for Foreign Affairs. To Lord Aberdeen, Minister for Foreign Affairs. SIR— I am directed by the Earl of Aberdeen to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2d instant, enclosing a copy of a resolution of the Committee of the Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society on the case of the Creole, and I am to state to you in reply that the subject of that resolution will have the earnest attention of her Majesty's government. SIR— I am directed by the Earl of Aberdeen to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2d instant, enclosing a copy of a resolution of the Committee of the Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society on the case of the Creole, and I am to state to you in reply that the subject of that resolution will have the earnest attention of her Majesty's government. I am, Sir, your most obedient humble servant. I am, Sir, your most obedient humble servant. CANNING. CANNING. Richard Allen, Esq., Secretary to the Richard Allen, Esq., Secretary to the Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society.} Hibernian Anti-Slavery Society.} 

 My Countrymen— Rumors have been brought from the south-western frontier of invasion. Particulars have not been furnished to the Executive. The facts are sufficient to justify immediate preparation for defensive war. All who are subject to military duty are commanded to be in readiness to repair equipped to the scene of action, at the call of the authorities of the country. It is ordered that the colonel of each county, for the present, lay off the county into company beats, and direct the election of captains and subalterns, and arrange the members of each company in three classes, agreeably to the class in which they may draw. When drafts may take place, the colonels of the different counties shall have authority and power to accept efficient substitutes into service. My Countrymen My Countrymen — Rumors have been brought from the south-western frontier of invasion. Particulars have not been furnished to the Executive. The facts are sufficient to justify immediate preparation for defensive war. All who are subject to military duty are commanded to be in readiness to repair equipped to the scene of action, at the call of the authorities of the country. It is ordered that the colonel of each county, for the present, lay off the county into company beats, and direct the election of captains and subalterns, and arrange the members of each company in three classes, agreeably to the class in which they may draw. When drafts may take place, the colonels of the different counties shall have authority and power to accept efficient substitutes into service. Each man will be required, in the event of a call by the President, to report himself, furnished with good arms, sight days provision, and one hundred rounds of ammunition, prepared for three months service from the time when he may report at the headquarters of the army. Each man will be required, in the event of a call by the President, to report himself, furnished with good arms, sight days provision, and one hundred rounds of ammunition, prepared for three months service from the time when he may report at the headquarters of the army. In the event of a formidable invasion, it is needless to appeal to the patriotism and valor of Texians. They have won liberty and independence by their undaunted heroism— they have enjoyed the blessing[ ] of freedom— they are proud of their national character! In the event of a formidable invasion, it is needless to appeal to the patriotism and valor of Texians. They have won liberty and independence by their undaunted heroism— they have enjoyed the blessing[ ] of freedom— they are proud of their national character! If invasion should press upon us, we are required by every sacred obligation to family, friends and country, to repel our invaders with discomfiture and dismay. If war should come upon us, we will make it our business. We will be authorized to meet and pursue our enemies with vengeance. They have forgotten the generosity with which they were treated when they were placed at the footstool of Texian mercy. They were saved when humanity would have justified retributive vengeance. Should Mexico again disregard the exalted principles of civilized and honorable warfare, they shall feel that avenging arm that shall take of them full recompense for oppression and cruelty! Texians can and will be free! They would prefer death to degradation' or the loss of their independence. If invasion should press upon us, we are required by every sacred obligation to family, friends and country, to repel our invaders with discomfiture and dismay. If war should come upon us, we will make it our business. We will be authorized to meet and pursue our enemies with vengeance. They have forgotten the generosity with which they were treated when they were placed at the footstool of Texian mercy. They were saved when humanity would have justified retributive vengeance. Should Mexico again disregard the exalted principles of civilized and honorable warfare, they shall feel that avenging arm that shall take of them full recompense for oppression and cruelty! Texians can and will be free! They would prefer death to degradation' or the loss of their independence. SAM HOUSTON. SAM HOUSTON. Galveston, 10th March, 1842. Galveston, 10th March, 1842. 

 Whilst we look forward with some degree of curiosity to learn in what manner our Secretary of State will sneak out of the bullying position into which his late despatch has placed him, we can not shut our eyes to the fact, that the decision of the British Parliament, neither to indemnify, nor to deliver up the self-liberated slaves of the Creole, may lead to war. Whilst we look forward with some degree of curiosity to learn in what manner our Secretary of State will sneak out of the bullying position into which his late despatch has placed him, we can not shut our eyes to the fact, that the decision of the British Parliament, neither to indemnify, nor to deliver up the self-liberated slaves of the Creole, may lead to war. And as it is well 'in time of peace to prepare for war,' let us seriously and solemnly ask our brethren to make up their minds now, as to the position they may assume in such a catastrophe. And as it is well 'in time of peace to prepare for war,' let us seriously and solemnly ask our brethren to make up their minds now, now, as to the position they may assume in such a catastrophe. If war be declared, shall we fight with the chains upon our limbs? Will we fight in defence of a government which denies us the most precious right of citizenship? Shall we shed our blood in defence of the American slave trade? Shall we make our bodies a rampart in defence of American slavery? If war be declared, shall we fight with the chains upon our limbs? Will we fight in defence of a government which denies us the most precious right of citizenship? Shall we shed our blood in defence of the American slave trade? Shall we make our bodies a rampart in defence of American slavery? We ask these questions, because there is no law in existence which can compel us to fight, and any fighting on our part, must be a VOLUNTARY ACT. The States in which we dwell have twice availed themselves of our voluntary services, and have repaid us with chains and slavery. Shall we a third time kiss the foot that crushes us? If so, we deserve our chains. No! let us maintain an organized neutrality, until the laws of the Union and of all the States have made us free and equal citizens. We ask these questions, because there is no law in existence which can compel us to fight, and any fighting on our part, must be a VOLUNTARY ACT. The States in which we dwell have twice availed themselves of our voluntary services, voluntary services, and have repaid us with chains and slavery. Shall we a third time kiss the foot that crushes us? If so, we deserve our chains. No! let us maintain an organized neutrality, until the laws of the Union and of all the States have made us free and equal citizens. 

 General of Division, Commander-in-Chief of the Northern Army of the Republic of Mexico. General of Division, Commander-in-Chief of the Northern Army of the Republic of Mexico. General of Division, Commander-in-Chief of the Northern Army of the Republic of Mexico. TO THE INHABITANTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS. TO THE INHABITANTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS. I feel it my duty to address you, so as you should commence to examine into the situation of the country in which you hold properties, some legedly, and others by circumstances. I feel it my duty to address you, so as you should commence to examine into the situation of the country in which you hold properties, some legedly, and others by circumstances. The Mexican nation will never consent to the separation of that territory. The civil wars in which she has been engaged constantly, have been the cause of your precarious position, and gave an opportunity for revolutionary men to compel you to constitute yourself as an independent nation. The Mexican nation will never consent to the separation of that territory. The civil wars in which she has been engaged constantly, have been the cause of your precarious position, and gave an opportunity for revolutionary men to compel you to constitute yourself as an independent nation. The departments composing the nation, of which Texas is an indisputable property, will never acknowledge you as such. I, therefore, solemnly declare, in the name of the nation, and the supreme government, that she is determined to recover her rights through the only means left to her, viz: Persuasion or War. The departments composing the nation, of which Texas is an indisputable property, will never acknowledge you as such. I, therefore, solemnly declare, in the name of the nation, and the supreme government, that she is determined to recover her rights through the only means left to her, viz: Persuasion or War. Persuasion or War. Time has elapsed since I have been in command of the army which defends this frontier; and my conduct, no doubt, makes it known that the war that has been and shall be carried on, is that permitted among civilized men; that noble war which humanity and philosophy have modified, to distinguish it from that which was carried on by the barbarians of the middle age. Time has elapsed since I have been in command of the army which defends this frontier; and my conduct, no doubt, makes it known that the war that has been and shall be carried on, is that permitted among civilized men; that noble war which humanity and philosophy have modified, to distinguish it from that which was carried on by the barbarians of the middle age. Hostilities will be directed, not against all the inhabitants of Texas, but only against those who sustain, and fight to maintain that nationality, that independence, which my country will never admit. No one need fear; every honest and industrious citizen who will submit and obey the legitimate Mexican authorities, may be perfectly at ease. He that remains such, and does not take up arms against the Mexican troops, shall and will be respected, his property guaranteed and defended, his person protected, without being molested in the least. Hostilities will be directed, not against all the inhabitants of Texas, but only against those who sustain, and fight to maintain that nationality, that independence, which my country will never admit. No one need fear; every honest and industrious citizen who will submit and obey the legitimate Mexican authorities, may be perfectly at ease. He that remains such, and does not take up arms against the Mexican troops, shall and will be respected, his property guaranteed and defended, his person protected, without being molested in the least. Inhabitants of Texas! reflect and consider your interests— examine how colossal and impracticable is the enterprize in which you have been led by those who govern you. See the inconvenience, calculate the elements you have, and you will see clearly your sure rain, if you continue in that actual state of things. Inhabitants of Texas! reflect and consider your interests— examine how colossal and impracticable is the enterprize in which you have been led by those who govern you. See the inconvenience, calculate the elements you have, and you will see clearly your sure rain, if you continue in that actual state of things. Texas laying between the United States of America, an industrious nation, in a rapid progression, and Mexico, that will never permit your emancipation, you shall have to compete on one side with the agriculture and industry of a country abounding in elements to sell cheaper in the markets; and, on the other side, the difficulties of a war that Mexico cannot forbear making against you, until she recovers her rights. Texas laying between the United States of America, an industrious nation, in a rapid progression, and Mexico, that will never permit your emancipation, you shall have to compete on one side with the agriculture and industry of a country abounding in elements to sell cheaper in the markets; and, on the other side, the difficulties of a war that Mexico cannot forbear making against you, until she recovers her rights. How can you imagine to progress thus? In what manner can you secure your tranquillity, without which no enterprise can be carried through, and your hearts can enjoy no peace? How can you imagine to progress thus? In what manner can you secure your tranquillity, without which no enterprise can be carried through, and your hearts can enjoy no peace? If your produce be sent to the United States market, it is certain that you cannot compete with those who carry on an immense trade in that country, free of charges, without any risk, and respected by the other nations. If sent to Europe, still it must come under the same level of prices at which the United States afford to sell. And are these advantages on a level with the risks that are suffered in Texas from the Indian hostilities, from excessive contributions, and from the certainty of hostilities, which Mexico will direct against you, and desirous to recover her property? How can you imagine to establish yourselves and progress over such a heap of difficulties? What you can gain will be the ruin of your fortunes; see your sons cruelly murdered by the savage, your fellow-citizen a prey to the insalubrity of those countries, and in danger of losing a property which is disputed by a powerful nation, with unquestionable rights, and who will, sooner or later, reduce to her obedience that department. Many have believed that they could obtain by force the acknowledgment of Texas from the Mexicans; but those who so think, do not really know the elements of wealth and power of the Republic; and they calculate that there will always be a concourse of circumstances, such as those which occasioned the retreat of the army in 1836. Men of sense must know that what is imagined by those is quite impossible. If your produce be sent to the United States market, it is certain that you cannot compete with those who carry on an immense trade in that country, free of charges, without any risk, and respected by the other nations. If sent to Europe, still it must come under the same level of prices at which the United States afford to sell. And are these advantages on a level with the risks that are suffered in Texas from the Indian hostilities, from excessive contributions, and from the certainty of hostilities, which Mexico will direct against you, and desirous to recover her property? How can you imagine to establish yourselves and progress over such a heap of difficulties? What you can gain will be the ruin of your fortunes; see your sons cruelly murdered by the savage, your fellow-citizen a prey to the insalubrity of those countries, and in danger of losing a property which is disputed by a powerful nation, with unquestionable rights, and who will, sooner or later, reduce to her obedience that department. Many have believed that they could obtain by force the acknowledgment of Texas from the Mexicans; but those who so think, do not really know the elements of wealth and power of the Republic; and they calculate that there will always be a concourse of circumstances, such as those which occasioned the retreat of the army in 1836. Men of sense must know that what is imagined by those is quite impossible. The true interest of those who live in Texas, is their union with the Mexican Republic, acknowledging the national government. The true interest of those who live in Texas, is their union with the Mexican Republic, acknowledging the national government. By these means you might remove at once the taxes which plague you; the disquietude, and uneasiness attending the war that is preparing, and would have a market where to expend your produce, with which you could make large fortunes in a few years. By these means you might remove at once the taxes which plague you; the disquietude, and uneasiness attending the war that is preparing, and would have a market where to expend your produce, with which you could make large fortunes in a few years. The cotton exported by Texian farmers sells in New-Orleans at 11 cents per pound, and this is the highest price it brings; most certainly, they could sell it quickly in the harbors of the republic for 25 cents per pound, having no duty to pay; being members of the Mexican nation, the fruits of national industry are free of duties. The cotton exported by Texian farmers sells in New-Orleans at 11 cents per pound, and this is the highest price it brings; most certainly, they could sell it quickly in the harbors of the republic for 25 cents per pound, having no duty to pay; being members of the Mexican nation, the fruits of national industry are free of duties. The progress of Texas as a department, would be so rapid, that it would make the happiness of her inhabitants; enjoying the protection of a government acknowledged by all nations. They would not be under the obligation of supporting either army or navy; the general government would provide for her defence with regard to the savage tribes, and they only should occupy themselves in their own business and welfare. The progress of Texas as a department, would be so rapid, that it would make the happiness of her inhabitants; enjoying the protection of a government acknowledged by all nations. They would not be under the obligation of supporting either army or navy; the general government would provide for her defence with regard to the savage tribes, and they only should occupy themselves in their own business and welfare. At present, the fears which, in 1835, influenced in Texas for the revolution do not exist. A free Congress, elected with popularity, is about meeting, and will give a liberal Constitution, that will rule this nation full of elements of wealth, and with all the probabilities of being soon one of the most powerful of the globe. At present, the fears which, in 1835, influenced in Texas for the revolution do not exist. A free Congress, elected with popularity, is about meeting, and will give a liberal Constitution, that will rule this nation full of elements of wealth, and with all the probabilities of being soon one of the most powerful of the globe. Texas can obtain considerable benefits by rejecting the flattering ideas of being an independent nation— that luxury which, of itself, is nothing, appointing her deputies, dismissing that revolutionary government, and coming to serve her part in the regeneration of the republic, to derive many advantages, owing to her distance, class of population and circumstances. Texas can obtain considerable benefits by rejecting the flattering ideas of being an independent nation— that luxury which, of itself, is nothing, appointing her deputies, dismissing that revolutionary government, and coming to serve her part in the regeneration of the republic, to derive many advantages, owing to her distance, class of population and circumstances. Inhabitants of Texas! meditate well, see what suits you best, and decide whether you contemn all blessings, to select all evil, for only the pride and fancy of appearing as an independent nation. Inhabitants of Texas! meditate well, see what suits you best, and decide whether you contemn all blessings, to select all evil, for only the pride and fancy of appearing as an independent nation. My conciliatory character is well known; the enlightened century we live in, and its progress, require that men should be guided by conviction. The force of arms only offers lamentable results; but reason, that sublime gift, that the Omnipotent gave to human beings, allows triumphs, without mourning for the loss of useful hands, or shedding of blood. My conciliatory character is well known; the enlightened century we live in, and its progress, require that men should be guided by conviction. The force of arms only offers lamentable results; but reason, that sublime gift, that the Omnipotent gave to human beings, allows triumphs, without mourning for the loss of useful hands, or shedding of blood. These are the sentiments which my heart deeply cherishes, and which are, without doubt, engraved on the noble souls of the Mexicans, showing to you the policy of the present cabinet, who at the same time she tenders the olive of peace and concord with one hand, shall direct, with the other, the sword of justice against the obstinate. These are the sentiments which my heart deeply cherishes, and which are, without doubt, engraved on the noble souls of the Mexicans, showing to you the policy of the present cabinet, who at the same time she tenders the olive of peace and concord with one hand, shall direct, with the other, the sword of justice against the obstinate. I request the honest and frugal men of Texas, those who own properties, and those who love their wives and children, to meditate seriously, and to decide their fate by a unanimous act reproving actually that government, changing for a future positive happiness, that despair and sadness which their situation affords to the view. I request the honest and frugal men of Texas, those who own properties, and those who love their wives and children, to meditate seriously, and to decide their fate by a unanimous act reproving actually that government, changing for a future positive happiness, that despair and sadness which their situation affords to the view. I have deemed it convenient to address you thus, and offer you to pursue a noble and magnanimous conduct towards the docile inhabitants, as well as an energetic and constant on towards those who will not understand reason. I have deemed it convenient to address you thus, and offer you to pursue a noble and magnanimous conduct towards the docile inhabitants, as well as an energetic and constant on towards those who will not understand reason. reason. MARIANO ARISTA. MARIANO ARISTA. Head Quarters, at Monterey, Jan. 9, 1842. Head Quarters, at Monterey, Jan. 9, 1842. 

 GENTLEMEN: I have received through the public press a preamble and resolutions, of which the following is a copy: GENTLEMEN: I have received through the public press a preamble and resolutions, of which the following is a copy: GENTLEMEN: I have received through the public press a preamble and resolutions, of which the following is a copy: 'Whereas, it has been communicated to the General Assembly, that JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, late Chief Magistrate of this Union, and now a Representative in Congress from the State of Massachusetts, has presented to the House of Representatives of the United States, a petition from American citizens, praying that Congress might dissolve this Confederacy. Therefore be it 'Whereas, it has been communicated to the General Assembly, that JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, late Chief Magistrate of this Union, and now a Representative in Congress from the State of Massachusetts, has presented to the House of Representatives of the United States, a petition from American citizens, praying that Congress might dissolve this Confederacy. Therefore be it 'Whereas, it has been communicated to the General Assembly, that JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, late Chief Magistrate of this Union, and now a Representative in Congress from the State of Massachusetts, has presented to the House of Representatives of the United States, a petition from American citizens, praying that Congress might dissolve this Confederacy. Therefore be it Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, That JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, of Massachusetts, in aiding to give publicity and importance to this treasonable proposition, has subjected himself to the merited censure and reprehension of his countrymen. Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, That JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, of Massachusetts, in aiding to give publicity and importance to this treasonable proposition, has subjected himself to the merited censure and reprehension of his countrymen. Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, That JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, of Massachusetts, in aiding to give publicity and importance to this treasonable proposition, has subjected himself to the merited censure and reprehension of his countrymen. Resolved, That, in the opinion of this General Assembly, the House of Representatives of the United States owe it to themselves, to the American people, whose representatives they are, to stamp the course and conduct of the member from Massachusetts with the severest marks of indignant disapprobation and censure.' Resolved, That, in the opinion of this General Assembly, the House of Representatives of the United States owe it to themselves, to the American people, whose representatives they are, to stamp the course and conduct of the member from Massachusetts with the severest marks of indignant disapprobation and censure.' Resolved, That, in the opinion of this General Assembly, the House of Representatives of the United States owe it to themselves, to the American people, whose representatives they are, to stamp the course and conduct of the member from Massachusetts with the severest marks of indignant disapprobation and censure.' Being myself a member of the body whose official duties you have thus taken it upon yourselves to point out and declare, and entertaining views diametrically opposed to those which you have expressed, a respect for you, for the station which you occupy, and for our common constituency, requires a frank and candid reply. In doing this, however, I would not be understood as admitting your right in any manner to direct the action of this House upon a subject of the nature embraced in the resolutions quoted. For my vote on that occasion, I hold myself responsible only to our constituents, our country, and to God. I will not occupy your time with argument in favor of the right of petition. I hold that this right admits of no question, allows no argument. It arose with man's existence, and will only cease when man ceases to be. It may be and has been greatly abridged, in direct and palpable violation of our Constitution: for the framers of that charter of our American liberty and not leave this right of the people to be determined by the views of propriety which might be entertained by their servants here. The right of petition pertains to the people; the propriety of granting the thing prayed for is to be decided by their legislators. The people have a right to present all petitions which they think Congress may or ought to grant, provided such petition be expressed in proper language, and be not disrespectful to the legislative body or any of its members. When thus presented in good faith, I hold that the petitioners are entitled to a respectful answer. If they ask that which we have no power to grant, I would tell them so in respectful terms. They are the source and fountain of power; from them we derive all our authority; we are sent here to do their will, and to express their wishes. Those who have thus selected us as representatives send to us their petition expressed in respectful language. It is addressed to the body of which we are members, and the question is, shall I, the agent and representative of the people, refuse to present the petition of my constituents to the body to whom it is addressed, for the reason that I differ in opinion from the petitioners? Shall I refuse to fulfil my agency or discharge the trust reposed in me, for the reason that I think the people wrong in their views? I understand the affirmative of these propositions to be maintained in the resolutions referred to. Permit me, gentlemen, in all candor to say, that such are not the views which I entertain of my official duties. Mr. Jefferson held that 'error of opinion may be safely tolerated, if truth be left free to combat it.' In this doctrine I was reared and educated; to its maxims I still adhere. I cannot therefore agree in any respect with the sentiment expressed in your resolutions. Being myself a member of the body whose official duties you have thus taken it upon yourselves to point out and declare, and entertaining views diametrically opposed to those which you have expressed, a respect for you, for the station which you occupy, and for our common constituency, requires a frank and candid reply. In doing this, however, I would not be understood as admitting your right in any manner to direct the action of this House upon a subject of the nature embraced in the resolutions quoted. For my vote on that occasion, I hold myself responsible only to our constituents, our country, and to God. I will not occupy your time with argument in favor of the right of petition. I hold that this right admits of no question, allows no argument. It arose with man's existence, and will only cease when man ceases to be. Being myself a member of the body whose official duties you have thus taken it upon yourselves to point out and declare, and entertaining views diametrically opposed to those which you have expressed, a respect for you, for the station which you occupy, and for our common constituency, requires a frank and candid reply. In doing this, however, I would not be understood as admitting your right in any manner to direct the action of this House upon a subject of the nature embraced in the resolutions quoted. For my vote on that occasion, I hold myself responsible only to our constituents, our country, and to God. I will not occupy your time with argument in favor of the right of petition. I hold that this right admits of no question, allows no argument. It arose with man's existence, and will only cease when man ceases to be. It may be and has been greatly abridged, in direct and palpable violation of our Constitution: for the framers of that charter of our American liberty and not leave this right of the people to be determined by the views of propriety which might be entertained by their servants here. The right right of petition petition pertains to the people; the propriety of granting the thing prayed for is to be decided by their legislators. The people have a right to present present all petitions which they they think Congress may or ought to grant, provided such petition be expressed in proper language, and be not disrespectful to the legislative body or any of its members. When thus presented in good faith, I hold that the petitioners are entitled to a respectful answer. If they ask that which we have no power to grant, I would tell them so in respectful terms. They are the source and fountain of power; from them we derive all our authority; we are sent here to do their will, and to express their wishes. Those who have thus selected us as representatives send to us their petition expressed in respectful language. It is addressed to the body of which we are members, and the question is, shall I, the agent and representative of the people, refuse to present the petition of my constituents to the body to whom it is addressed, for the reason that I differ in opinion from the petitioners? Shall I refuse to fulfil my agency or discharge the trust reposed in me, for the reason that I think the people wrong in their views? I understand the affirmative of these propositions to be maintained in the resolutions referred to. Permit me, gentlemen, in all candor to say, that such are not the views which I entertain of my official duties. Mr. Jefferson held that 'error of opinion may be safely tolerated, if truth be left free to combat it.' In this doctrine I was reared and educated; to its maxims I still adhere. I cannot therefore agree in any respect with the sentiment expressed in your resolutions. I also beg leave to call your attention to the circumstances which led to the presentation of this petition by Mr. Adams. I presume that we all agree that, under our Constitution, each State has a right to sustain or abolish slavery at pleasure within its own territory, and that no power whatever is given the federal government to interfere with any State in regard to slavery; that Congress possesses no power to abolish slavery or to sustain it; that the free States cannot be constitutionally taxed to sustain slavery in the slave States. I cannot, for a moment, believe that an individual member of either branch of the Ohio Legislature will claim that the federal government has power to apply the money drawn from the hard earnings of our constituents, to the purchase or recapture of fugitive slaves. I think I hazard nothing in saying, that the freemen of our gallant State would sooner submit to taxation for almost any other unconstitutional object, than they would for the suppression of personal liberty. What independent son of Ohio is willing to see a portion of the products of his labor, his toil, and industry, applied to the expenses of recapturing southern slaves, or to pay for slaves stolen by those who hold that one man may be made the property of another! Yet, odious as these things are to our people, we should all agree. I presume, that they might be borne for a time; but I doubt not that we should be equally unanimous in the opinion that 'there is a point beyond which forbearance ceases to be a virtue.' Our constituents are also asked to engage in a war with one of the most powerful nations of the earth, in order to enable the slave-dealers of the South to carry their slaves out of the territory and jurisdiction of the slave State under the flag of our common country. They insist upon the privilege of involving our constituents, the free people of Ohio, in the disgrace and expense of maintaining what Mr. Jefferson calls 'an execrable commerce in human beings.' Against these abuses our constituents have remonstrated. Conscious that they are unconstitutional infringements of their rights, they have year after year sent their petitions here, praying in the most respectful manner that they may be relieved from these oppressions and from such unconstitutional taxation. They have approached Congress in the most respectful manner, and in the most unexceptionable language have asked that these abuses may cease. These petitions have been treated with contempt, and the most insulting epithets applied to the people who have thus dared to approach their servants. When petitioning for the protection of their own constitutional rights, they have been falsely represented as attempting to invade the rights of others. When they have asked relief from taxation for the support of slavery, they have been represented as attempting to interfere with the vested rights of others. When they have asked Congress to repeal laws of their own enacting, they have been held up to the country and the world as seeking for unconstitutional objects which Congress had no power to grant. While these indignities have been thus heaped upon the people, and their objects and petitions have been misrepresented by slaveholders— while their rights have been thus trampled upon, their representatives here have not been permitted to contradict these unfounded imputations, or to reply in becoming terms to the language thus addressed to them, under the pretence that members of the House of Representatives could not discuss these delicate questions dispassionately. Thus truth has been kept from the people upon the plea that it was incendiary. American statesmen have for years boldly asserted themselves incapable of discussing matters of high import to the nation in a becoming manner, and have substantially declared the people incapable of appreciating truth. They have thus added insult to injury. Our fathers refused to submit to an unconstitutional tax upon tea. Shall the people of the free States silently submit to a tax a thousand fold more odious and equally unconstitutional in favor of slavery? I cannot myself believe the people whom you and I represent, so degraded in feeling, so destitute of the spirit of our fathers, so devoid of self-respect, as to remain silent under such accumulated wrongs. They have not heretofore remained silent or inactive. I have now in charge the petitions of thousands of our most respected inhabitants upon these subjects, and, gentlemen, permit me to assure you, that to the extent of my humble talents, they shall be heard— their wishes shall be expressed, and respectful answers be demanded. I also beg leave to call your attention to the circumstances which led to the presentation of this petition by Mr. Adams. I presume that we all agree that, under our Constitution, each State has a right to sustain or abolish slavery at pleasure within its own territory, and that no power whatever is given the federal government to interfere with any State in regard to slavery; that Congress possesses no power to abolish slavery or to sustain it; that the free States cannot be constitutionally taxed to sustain slavery in the slave States. I cannot, for a moment, believe that an individual member of either branch of the Ohio Legislature will claim that the federal government has power to apply the money drawn from the hard earnings of our constituents, to the purchase or recapture of fugitive slaves. I think I hazard nothing in saying, that the freemen of our gallant State would sooner submit to taxation for almost any other unconstitutional object, than they would for the suppression of personal liberty. suppression of personal liberty. What independent son of Ohio is willing to see a portion of the products of his labor, his toil, and industry, applied to the expenses of recapturing southern slaves, or to pay for slaves stolen by those who hold that one man may be made the property property of another! Yet, odious as these things are to our people, we should all agree. I presume, that they might be borne for a time; for a time; but I doubt not that we should be equally unanimous in the opinion that 'there is a point beyond which forbearance ceases to be a virtue.' Our constituents are also asked to engage in a war with one of the most powerful nations of the earth, in order to enable the slave-dealers of the South to carry their slaves out of the territory and jurisdiction of the slave State under the flag of our common country. They insist upon the privilege of involving our constituents, the free people of Ohio, in the disgrace and expense of maintaining what Mr. Jefferson calls 'an execrable commerce in human beings.' Against these abuses our constituents have remonstrated. Conscious that they are unconstitutional infringements of their rights, they have year after year sent their petitions here, praying in the most respectful manner that they may be relieved from these oppressions and from such unconstitutional taxation. They have approached Congress in the most respectful manner, and in the most unexceptionable language have asked that these abuses may cease. These petitions have been treated with contempt, and the most insulting epithets applied to the people who have thus dared to approach their servants. When petitioning for the protection of their own constitutional rights, they have been falsely represented as attempting to invade the rights of others. When they have asked relief from taxation for the support of slavery, they have been represented as attempting to interfere with the vested rights of others. When they have asked Congress to repeal laws of their own enacting, they have been held up to the country and the world as seeking for unconstitutional objects which Congress had no power to grant. While these indignities have been thus heaped upon the people, and their objects and petitions have been misrepresented by slaveholders— while their rights have been thus trampled upon, their representatives here have not been permitted to contradict these unfounded imputations, or to reply in becoming terms to the language thus addressed to them, under the pretence that members of the House of Representatives could not discuss these delicate delicate questions dispassionately. Thus truth has been kept from the people upon the plea that it was incendiary. incendiary. American statesmen have for years boldly asserted themselves incapable of discussing matters of high import to the nation in a becoming manner, and have substantially declared the people incapable of appreciating truth. They have thus added insult to injury. Our fathers refused to submit to an unconstitutional tax upon tea. Shall the people of the free States silently silently submit to a tax a thousand fold more odious and equally unconstitutional in favor of slavery? I cannot myself believe the people whom you and I represent, so degraded in feeling, so destitute of the spirit of our fathers, so devoid of self-respect, as to remain silent under such accumulated wrongs. They have not heretofore remained silent or inactive. I have now in charge the petitions of thousands of our most respected inhabitants upon these subjects, and, gentlemen, permit me to assure you, that to the extent of my humble talents, they shall be heard they shall be heard — their wishes shall be expressed, and respectful answers be demanded. A portion of our fellow-citizens of Haverhill, Massachusetts, felt that these wrongs had been borne too long already. They regarded the great object of our federal compact as having failed. They considered that the Union, which was formed by our fathers 'to promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty,'had been converted into an engine of oppression; that, no longer ministering to the happiness or prosperity of the people, it ought to cease; that the time had arrived when the bonds that connect the free and the slave States ought to be severed, and their present Union be amicably dissolved. In this I think them wrong. Yet such no doubt, were the honest convictions of the petitioners. They therefore sent their petition to Mr. Adams, setting forth upon the face of their petition the reasons that led them to such conviction. This petition Mr. Adams felt bound to present. He felt that it was cause of serious regret that any portion of our fellow-citizens should wish for a dissolution of our Union. Every patriot, I think, will regret that cause for such desire should have been given. In presenting the petition, Mr. Adams moved instructions not merely to reject the prayer, but to assign the reasons for its rejection. Mr. Adams and others felt anxious to redress the wrongs complained of, and to satisfy and quiet the feelings of the petitioners; and thus to preserve the Union by making it an object of respect. But others were of a different opinion. They appeared to think the only way to preserve the Union was to treat the people with contempt, and their petition with the most signal evidence of their displeasure. One slaveholder inquired if it would be in order to BURN this petition of freemen. Another slaveholding member inquired whether it would be in order to move to censure the member who presented this request of a portion of the people of Massachusetts. Another slaveholder actually made such motion. This motion was . . . the political parties in the free States. You, gentlemen, have felt it your duty to unite your voice with the slaveholders of the South, in censuring a venerable and highly distinguished member from a free State, for daring to present to Congress the respectful petition of FREEMEN. I would not suspect your motives, nor doubt your patriotism; but I must be permitted respectfully to say, that I cannot agree with you. Before your resolutions reached me, I voted to acquit Mr. Adams from all censure. Nay, had I an opportunity, I should have surely voted for a resolution of thanks to him for his unceasing efforts in favor of the Constitution and the right of petition. A portion of our fellow-citizens of Haverhill, Massachusetts, felt that these wrongs had been borne too long already. They regarded the great object of our federal compact as having failed. They considered that the Union, which was formed by our fathers 'to promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty, 'to promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty, 'had been converted into an engine of oppression; that, no longer ministering to the happiness or prosperity of the people, it ought to cease; that the time had arrived when the bonds that connect the free and the slave States ought to be severed, and their present Union be amicably dissolved. In this I think them wrong. Yet such no doubt, were the honest convictions of the petitioners. They therefore sent their petition to Mr. Adams, setting forth upon the face of their petition the reasons that led them to such conviction. This petition Mr. Adams felt bound to present. He felt that it was cause of serious regret that any portion of our fellow-citizens should wish for a dissolution of our Union. Every patriot, I think, will regret that cause for such desire should have been given. In presenting the petition, Mr. Adams moved instructions not merely to reject the prayer, but to assign the reasons for its rejection. Mr. Adams and others felt anxious to redress the wrongs complained of, and to satisfy and quiet the feelings of the petitioners; and thus to preserve the Union by making it an object of respect. But others were of a different opinion. They appeared to think the only way to preserve the Union was to treat the people with contempt, and their petition with the most signal evidence of their displeasure. One slaveholder inquired if it would be in order to BURN this petition of freemen. Another slaveholding member inquired whether it would be in order to move to censure the member who presented this request of a portion of the people of Massachusetts. Another slaveholder actually made such motion. This motion was . . . the political parties in the free States. You, gentlemen, have felt it your duty to unite your voice with the slaveholders of the South, in censuring a venerable and highly distinguished member from a free State, for daring to present to Congress the respectful petition of FREEMEN. I would not suspect your motives, nor doubt your patriotism; but I must be permitted respectfully to say, that I cannot agree with you. I cannot agree with you. Before your resolutions reached me, I voted to acquit Mr. Adams from all censure. Nay, had I an opportunity, I should have surely voted for a resolution of thanks to him for his unceasing efforts in favor of the Constitution and the right of petition. There is, however, one aspect of this subject which I deeply regret. I refer to the partisan character which your action has given to it in our State. These resolutions, I believe, were passed by a strict party vote in each House. It therefore seems no longer a matter to be questioned, that the majority of our Legislature and their party are henceforth to be considered as opposed to the right of petition. That they are henceforth to be considered as allies of the slaveholding interests in opposing the rights of the free States. That they are in favor of taxing the people of Ohio, for the purpose of recapturing fugitive slaves. That you, gentlemen, are willing to see our national character degraded by supporting the slave trade upon our own coast, while you would hang the man who pursues it on the coast of Africa— that you are willing to see our gallant flag floating over a cargo of human flesh, provided it be upon our own coast, and it do not disgrace America; and, finally, that you are even willing to enter into a war for the purpose of carrying on that 'execrable commerce,' which, Mr. Jefferson says, 'has rendered our country the scoff of infidel nations.' There is, however, one aspect of this subject which I deeply regret. I refer to the partisan character which your action has given to it in our State. These resolutions, I believe, were passed by a strict party vote strict party vote in each House. It therefore seems no longer a matter to be questioned, that the majority of our Legislature and their party are henceforth to be considered as opposed to the right of petition. That they are henceforth to be considered as allies of the slaveholding interests in opposing the rights of the free States. That they are in favor of taxing the people of Ohio, for the purpose of recapturing fugitive slaves. That you, gentlemen, are willing to see our national character degraded by supporting the slave trade upon our own coast, while you would hang the man who pursues it on the coast of Africa— that you are willing to see our gallant flag floating over a cargo of human flesh, provided it be upon our own coast, and it do not disgrace America; and, finally, that you are even willing to enter into a war for the purpose of carrying on that 'execrable commerce,' which, Mr. Jefferson says, 'has rendered our country the scoff of infidel nations. 'has rendered our country the scoff of infidel nations. ' I had written thus far when I received from some of my own constituents a petition somewhat similar to that presented by Mr. Adams. It came from men of reputation, with whom I have long been acquainted, and I can bear testimony to their characters for integrity, candor, and patriotism. It was forwarded by one of the petitioners, who, in his letter, avows his attachment to the Union on the principles upon which it was originally formed; but adds: 'If our petitions are to be treated with open and malignant insult, and we ourselves held up to the world as incendiaries and fanatics; if the federal government is to go on, year after year, increasing its efforts to sustain the system of slavery by the aid of the money, the power, and influence of the nation at large, then we ask (and we ask sincerely too) for a division.' Upon receiving this petition, I withheld my, answer to your resolutions until I should first have an opportunity of presenting it to the body of which I have the honor of being a member. I therefore embraced the earliest opportunity of performing what I considered my duty to my constituents, by presenting their candid and respectful prayer before the Representatives of the nation. For doing that, you will of course say that I too 'have subjected myself to the merited censure and reprehension of my countrymen,' if you judge my conduct by the same rules which you have adopted respecting that of a member of far more exalted character. I had written thus far when I received from some of my own constituents a petition somewhat similar to that presented by Mr. Adams. It came from men of reputation, with whom I have long been acquainted, and I can bear testimony to their characters for integrity, candor, and patriotism. It was forwarded by one of the petitioners, who, in his letter, avows his attachment to the Union on the principles upon which it was originally formed; but adds: 'If our petitions are to be treated with open and malignant insult, and we ourselves held up to the world as incendiaries and fanatics; if the federal government is to go on, year after year, increasing its efforts to sustain the system of slavery by the aid of the money, the power, and influence of the nation at large, then we ask (and we ask sincerely too) for a division.' Upon receiving this petition, I withheld my, answer to your resolutions until I should first have an opportunity of presenting it to the body of which I have the honor of being a member. I therefore embraced the earliest opportunity of performing what I considered my duty to my constituents, by presenting their candid and respectful prayer before the Representatives of the nation. For doing that, you will of course say that I too 'have subjected myself to the merited censure and reprehension of my countrymen,' if you judge my conduct by the same rules which you have adopted respecting that of a member of far more exalted character. By your resolutions you have already said, substantially, that the House of Representatives ought to 'stamp my conduct with the severest marks of its indignant disapprobation and censure,' for thus presuming to make known to them the wishes and desires of a portion of the sovereign people of this nation. Your judgment has been pronounced, and now stands enrolled upon the archives of our State. My conduct, which you deem so highly criminal, is also upon the record. There they will remain in coming time, for the examination of our successors, long after we shall have passed from the busy scenes of political strife. Feeling that your judgment is erroneous in principle, false in doctrine, and entirely opposed to the spirit of our institutions, I appeal to that of the people whose rights have been disregarded, and whose voice has been unheeded. The positions which you, gentlemen, occupy, as well as myself, will place our conflicting opinions upon the political history of our country. That history will bear them to posterity, who will pronounce an unbiased judgment upon the conduct of both you and me. By your resolutions you have already said, substantially, that the House of Representatives ought to 'stamp my conduct with the severest marks of its indignant disapprobation and censure,' for thus presuming to make known to them the wishes and desires of a portion of the sovereign people of this nation. Your judgment has been pronounced, and now stands enrolled upon the archives of our State. My conduct, which you deem so highly criminal, is also upon the record. There they will remain in coming time, for the examination of our successors, long after we shall have passed from the busy scenes of political strife. Feeling that your judgment is erroneous in principle, false in doctrine, and entirely opposed to the spirit of our institutions, I appeal to that of the people whose rights have been disregarded, and whose voice has been unheeded. The positions which you, gentlemen, occupy, as well as myself, will place our conflicting opinions upon the political history of our country. That history will bear them to posterity, who will pronounce an unbiased judgment upon the conduct of both you and me. With due respect, your obedient servant With due respect, your obedient servant J.R. GIDDINGS. J.R. GIDDINGS. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 5, 1842. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 5, 1842. 

 Our Vermont correspondent is informed that the publisher has received the names he refers to, as subscribers. The papers are now sent. Our Vermont correspondent is informed that the publisher has has received the names he refers to, as subscribers. The papers are now sent. W W 

 DEFINITION OF DEMOCRACT. Let the Emperor Nicholas hear it, and smile. The Washington Globe says:— 'THE DEMOCRATIC DOCTRINE denies the right of any interference, by DISCUSSION or otherwise, on the part of Congress, upon matters pertaining to Southern domestic institutions.' DEFINITION OF DEMOCRACT. Let the Emperor Nicholas hear it, and smile. The Washington Globe says:— 'THE DEMOCRATIC DOCTRINE denies the right of any any interference, by DISCUSSION or otherwise, on the part of Congress, upon matters pertaining to Southern domestic institutions. pertaining to Southern domestic institutions. '  On Monday evening, the 21st of February, in pursuance of a requisition signed by two hundred o our most respected citizens and senators, a meeting was held in the great hall of Banks' Arcade, to consider the best means of giving expression to public opinion here, in reference to the struggle which the Irish people are now making, to obtain a restoration of their Parliament. The requisition further announced, that Mr. Thomas Mooney, a delegate from the Young Men's Repeal Association of New-York, would be present and address the meeting. On Monday evening, the 21st of February, in pursuance of a requisition signed by two hundred o our most respected citizens and senators, a meeting was held in the great hall of Banks' Arcade, to consider the best means of giving expression to public opinion here, in reference to the struggle which the Irish people are now making, to obtain a restoration of their Parliament. The requisition further announced, that Mr. Thomas Mooney, a delegate from the Young Men's Repeal Association of New-York, would be present and address the meeting. The hall and galleries, capable of containing four thousand persons, were densely crowded, and many persons, we understand, could not obtain an entrance; and we observed on the platform in the course of the evening, an imposing phalanx of wealth, bound together for the support of Old Ireland. The hall and galleries, capable of containing four thousand persons, were densely crowded, and many persons, we understand, could not obtain an entrance; and we observed on the platform in the course of the evening, an imposing phalanx of wealth, bound together for the support of Old Ireland. At a few minutes past seven o'clock, the meeting was called to order by Mr. Mullins, who moved that GEN. JOSEPH WALKER do take the Chair, which was carried by a hearty burst of acclamation. At a few minutes past seven o'clock, the meeting was called to order by Mr. Mullins, who moved that GEN. JOSEPH WALKER do take the Chair, which was carried by a hearty burst of acclamation. The following gentlemen were then nominated Vice Presidents: Nicholas Hoa, Charles Genois, Michael Maher, Gregory Byrne, F. Bunson, E. Cannon, J. Mullins, D.P. Scanlan, F. McMurray, Thos. H. Gorman, Owen D. Egan; and the following were nominated Secretaries: Daniel C. Byrne, Dennis Corcoran. The following gentlemen were then nominated Vice Presidents: Nicholas Hoa, Charles Genois, Michael Maher, Gregory Byrne, F. Bunson, E. Cannon, J. Mullins, D.P. Scanlan, F. McMurray, Thos. H. Gorman, Owen D. Egan; and the following were nominated Secretaries: Daniel C. Byrne, Dennis Corcoran. These nominations were confirmed by the loudest plaudits. These nominations were confirmed by the loudest plaudits. The Chairman then rose and said: 'Fellow-citizens, you have done me the honor to appoint me to preside over your meeting this evening. This honor has come upon me by surprise, and I am totally unprepared to address so numerous a meeting so as to satisfy my own feelings, or your own. Let me say one thing, fellow-citizens, my heart is with you! (Great cheering.) I am an advocate for civil liberty, and if I can do any thing to aid that cause, in that country which has given forth so many great minds and big hearts, I am ready. (Loud cheers.) I want to say a word about Native-Americanism— my opinion is, that those things may be pushed too far. I am somewhat in favor of a longer term of probation for the emigrant to our soil, ere he may enjoy the full quantum of privileges which this glorious Constitution confers on its citizens. I say this principle must not be pushed too far, for when the persecuted of other nations come here, and they bring industry, talent, and an ardent disposition to uphold the Republican institutions which protect us, they are then a benefit to the country, they then become its bulwarks and its wealth, and they have a just and equitable right to a share in its government. (Great cheering.) When they come here to aid the country in its defence, in pushing its enterprise, and extending and perpetuating its power and its glory, then I say, in the name of God, admit them to all the privileges of the State and the Constitution. (Great cheering.) With these few remarks. I will resume my seat. I feel I am ill to-night, but being brought up in humble life, having imbibed lessons of humility from my father, who was a mechanic, and having acquired all I possess by my own industry, I feel pleased and happy to join my voice with . . . of my fellow-citizens in a sympathetic expression for the suffering people of Ireland. The General resumed his seat amid great applause. The Chairman then rose and said: 'Fellow-citizens, you have done me the honor to appoint me to preside over your meeting this evening. This honor has come upon me by surprise, and I am totally unprepared to address so numerous a meeting so as to satisfy my own feelings, or your own. Let me say one thing, fellow-citizens, my heart is with you! (Great cheering.) I am an advocate for civil liberty, and if I can do any thing to aid that cause, in that country which has given forth so many great minds and big hearts, I am ready. (Loud cheers.) I want to say a word about Native-Americanism— my opinion is, that those things may be pushed too far. I am somewhat in favor of a longer term of probation for the emigrant to our soil, ere he may enjoy the full quantum of privileges which this glorious Constitution confers on its citizens. I say this principle must not be pushed too far, for when the persecuted of other nations come here, and they bring industry, talent, and an ardent disposition to uphold the Republican institutions which protect us, they are then a benefit to the country, they then become its bulwarks and its wealth, and they have a just and equitable right to a share in its government. (Great cheering.) When they come here to aid the country in its defence, in pushing its enterprise, and extending and perpetuating its power and its glory, then I say, in the name of God, admit them to all the privileges of the State and the Constitution. (Great cheering.) With these few remarks. I will resume my seat. I feel I am ill to-night, but being brought up in humble life, having imbibed lessons of humility from my father, who was a mechanic, and having acquired all I possess by my own industry, I feel pleased and happy to join my voice with . . . of my fellow-citizens in a sympathetic expression for the suffering people of Ireland. The General resumed his seat amid great applause. Mr. Scanlan then moved that nine persons be appointed to draft resolutions. A committee was accordingly appointed, who retired. Several calls for hall, brought forward that gentleman. He said: Gentlemen, it affords me great pleasure to address you on this occasion, and I am sorry that I was not sooner informed of this measure, that I might be better prepared to express my own feelings. But, gentlemen, in the words of your Chairman, I say that my heart is with you. Irish blood courses through my veins, and that blood never yet refused its responding pulsations to the appeals of the oppressed. (Loud applause.) I don't mean to enter on the question glanced at by your President this evening. Gentlemen, you enjoy all the privileges that we who were born on the soil enjoy. We do not meet to take away the existing privileges of any class, but we speak out for your oppressed kinsmen in Ireland. And who will deny us the right, nay, the honor, of lifting our voices in favor of the oppressed over the earth? (Applause.) When Greece applied to us, did we not respond with our voices and our purse? When Poland cried, we listened to her cries and responded. When other nations applied to us, we did not turn away, and shall we now abandon Ireland in her struggle with an unequal and merciless tyrant? (Loud cheering.) Irishmen— I have declared it, and I stick to it here— Irishmen make the best citizens when they come here. It is time the people of Ireland were no longer fleeced to support the English aristocracy in the gayest part of Europe. It is such men when they come to this country, that can best appreciate the blessings of our Republican Institutions. A sick man only can appreciate health; the poor alone can appreciate wealth; and the oppressed can most truly appreciate the blessings of freedom. (Cheering.) I feel that it is you, Irishmen, who best appreciate the glorious Constitution of this country. You that came over to this country, and in every struggle with the enemies of America were the first to struggle, and the first to bleed to establish that liberty which we now enjoy. And many and many a brave Irishman fell bleeding by the side of the immortal Washington, in subduing the blood-thirsty aristocracy of Britain, who attempted to hold us in bondage. (Great and prolonged cheering.) Irishmen! You philosophize with England, you reason with her, you petition and supplicate to her to do justice to your native country. Permit me to say, gentlemen, that you are wrong. You will never succeed in obtaining that privilege, except you obtain it by the sword. (Great cheering.) We were once at the feet of England, as you are now. We reasoned, we petitioned, we supplicated, we implored, but she was deaf to all. And when reasoning and entreaty failed, we flew to our swords and our rifles, and won the jewel liberty, by our bravery, which she refused to our supplications. (Great and enthusiastic cheering.) Believe me, gentlemen, that England will never listen to any other argument than the sword, and whenever the day comes that Irishmen adopt that, may their language be convincing and successful. (Great cheering.) Mr. Scanlan then moved that nine persons be appointed to draft resolutions. A committee was accordingly appointed, who retired. Several calls for hall, brought forward that gentleman. He said: Gentlemen, it affords me great pleasure to address you on this occasion, and I am sorry that I was not sooner informed of this measure, that I might be better prepared to express my own feelings. But, gentlemen, in the words of your Chairman, I say that my heart is with you. Irish blood courses through my veins, and that blood never yet refused its responding pulsations to the appeals of the oppressed. (Loud applause.) I don't mean to enter on the question glanced at by your President this evening. Gentlemen, you enjoy all the privileges that we who were born on the soil enjoy. We do not meet to take away the existing privileges of any class, but we speak out for your oppressed kinsmen in Ireland. we speak out for your oppressed kinsmen in Ireland. And who will deny us the right, nay, the honor, of lifting our voices in favor of the oppressed over the earth? in favor of the oppressed over the earth? (Applause.) When Greece applied to us, did we not respond with our voices and our purse? did we not respond with our voices and our purse? When Poland cried, we listened to her cries and responded. we listened to her cries and responded. When other nations applied to us, we did not turn away, we did not turn away, and shall we now abandon Ireland in her struggle with an unequal and merciless tyrant? (Loud cheering.) Irishmen— I have declared it, and I stick to it here— Irishmen make the best citizens when they come here. It is time the people of Ireland were no longer fleeced to support the English aristocracy in the gayest part of Europe. It is such men when they come to this country, that can best appreciate the blessings of our Republican Institutions. A sick man only can appreciate health; the poor alone can appreciate wealth; and the oppressed can most truly appreciate the blessings of freedom. oppressed can most truly appreciate the blessings of freedom. (Cheering.) I feel that it is you, Irishmen, who best appreciate the glorious Constitution of this country. You that came over to this country, and in every struggle with the enemies of America were the first to struggle, and the first to bleed to establish that liberty which we now enjoy. And many and many a brave Irishman fell bleeding by the side of the immortal Washington, in subduing the blood-thirsty aristocracy of Britain, who attempted to hold us in bondage. to hold us in bondage. (Great and prolonged cheering.) Irishmen! You philosophize with England, you reason with her, you petition and supplicate to her to do justice to your native country. Permit me to say, gentlemen, that you are wrong. You will never succeed in obtaining that privilege, except you obtain it by the sword. except you obtain it by the sword. (Great cheering.) We were once at the feet of England, as you are now. We reasoned, we petitioned, we supplicated, we implored, but she was deaf to all. And when reasoning and entreaty failed, we flew to our swords and our rifles, we flew to our swords and our rifles, and won the jewel liberty, by our bravery, which she refused to our supplications. (Great and enthusiastic cheering.) Believe me, gentlemen, that England will never listen to any other argument than the sword, the sword, and whenever the day comes that Irishmen adopt that, may their language be convincing and successful. (Great cheering.) Mr. Barret then came forward, and presented the following preamble and resolutions: Mr. Barret then came forward, and presented the following preamble and resolutions: Whereas, we feel a deep interest in the preservation of our Constitutional securities, than which none is more sacred than the broad line traced by the wisdom of our fathers, relative to national rights, and while we yield to none in fidelity to the institutions which protect and guard them, a respect for the oppressed of all countries, imposes the duty of giving expression to our feelings and our sympathies. Whereas, we feel a deep interest in the preservation of our Constitutional securities, our Constitutional securities, than which none is more sacred than the broad line traced by the wisdom of our fathers, relative to national rights, and while we yield to none in fidelity to the institutions which protect and guard them, we yield to none in fidelity to the institutions which protect and guard them, a respect for the oppressed of all countries, imposes the duty of giving expression to our feelings and our sympathies. And whereas, The cause of Irish Repeal has become deeply interesting to the friends of civil liberty throughout the world, and is nowhere more sensibly appreciated than in the United States, our population being associated with the oppressed of Ireland, not only by many ties of consanguinity and personal friendship, but by those higher principles which attach foremen to the cause of freedom wherever it is asserted. And whereas, The cause of Irish Repeal has become deeply interesting to the friends of civil liberty throughout the world, and is nowhere more sensibly appreciated than in the United States, our population being associated with the oppressed of Ireland, not only by many ties of consanguinity and personal friendship, but by those higher principles higher principles which attach foremen to the cause of freedom wherever it is asserted. wherever it is asserted. And whereas, The expression of our sympathy is calculated to produce upon the minds of those who control the destinies of Ireland a salutary and beneficial effect, since they speak the sentiments of dispassionate freemen against the cruelty of a government, whose ascendancy over Ireland originated in teachery, and has been carried on in corruption, and is a disgrace to the liberal and enlightened spirit of the times. And whereas, The expression of our sympathy is calculated to produce upon the minds of those who control the destinies of Ireland a salutary and beneficial effect, since they speak the sentiments of dispassionate freemen against the cruelty of a government, whose ascendancy over Ireland originated in teachery, and has been carried on in corruption, and is a disgrace to the liberal and enlightened spirit of the times. And whereas, Great Britain presents the singular spectacle of a nation boasting of her refinement, liberality, and free institutions, while at the same time she is exerting a grinding persecution over a large portion of her people. And whereas, Great Britain presents the singular spectacle of a nation boasting of her refinement, liberality, and free institutions, while at the same time she is exerting a grinding persecution over a large portion of her people. Be it therefore resolved, That in the opinion of this meeting, the efforts now making by the people of Ireland for the restoration of an independent and national legislature, are just, laudable and legal. Be it therefore resolved, That in the opinion of this meeting, the efforts now making by the people of Ireland for the restoration of an independent and national legislature, are just, laudable and legal. Resolved, That with a deep sense of the political blessings we enjoy, and an ardent desire for their preservation, we are devoted to the land we live in, the true friends of the Federal Union, WARMLY ATTACHED TO SOUTHERN INSTITUTIONS, the unswerving advocates of civil liberty, in opposition to legitimacy of every character; and regarding the Constitution of the United States as the palladium and sheet anchor of national safety, we hold the institutions of our country, AS ESTABLISHED BY LAW, to be sacred and inviolable. Resolved, That with a deep sense of the political blessings we enjoy, and an ardent desire for their preservation, we are devoted to the land we live in, the true friends of the Federal Union, WARMLY ATTACHED TO SOUTHERN INSTITUTIONS, the unswerving advocates of civil liberty, the unswerving advocates of civil liberty, in opposition to legitimacy of every character; and regarding the Constitution of the United States as the palladium and sheet anchor of national safety, we hold the institutions of our country, the institutions of our country, AS ESTABLISHED BY LAW, to be sacred and inviolable. to be sacred and inviolable. Resolved, That we look upon Ireland, in her peaceful resistance to oppression, and in her legal efforts to assert her inalienable rights, as worthy of assistance and sympathy. Resolved, That we look upon Ireland, in her peaceful resistance to oppression, and in her legal efforts to assert her inalienable rights, as worthy of assistance and sympathy. as worthy of assistance and sympathy. Resolved, That as citizens of our well-beloved country, we repudiate all improper interferences with her institutions, come from which quarter it may, and regard it, whether foreign or domestic, as unwarrantable and unjustifiable. Resolved, That as citizens of our well-beloved country, we repudiate all improper interferences with her institutions, we repudiate all improper interferences with her institutions, come from which quarter it may, and regard it, whether foreign or domestic, as unwarrantable and unjustifiable. Resolved, That we form a permanent association in this city, to be called the IRISH REPEAL ASSOCIATION OF LOUISIANA, and we pledge ourselves never to relax our exertions, until the people of Ireland obtain a national and independent legislature. Resolved, That we form a permanent association in this city, to be called the IRISH REPEAL ASSOCIATION OF LOUISIANA, and we pledge ourselves never to relax our exertions, until the people of Ireland obtain a national and independent legislature. Resolved, That with a view of carrying the foregoing resolutions into effect, lists be forthwith opened, in which persons desirous of becoming members of the Irish Repeal Association of Louisiana may enter their names— that those lists be kept open for three days, and that such as may then have signed them, will and shall be considered the Irish Repeal Association. Resolved, That with a view of carrying the foregoing resolutions into effect, lists be forthwith opened, in which persons desirous of becoming members of the Irish Repeal Association of Louisiana may enter their names— that those lists be kept open for three days, and that such as may then have signed them, will and shall be considered the Irish Repeal Association. These resolutions were seconded by Mr. Scanlan, and passed unanimously. There were many calls for Mr. Mooney, when that gentleman came forward, and was received with a strong expression of applause. Mr. Mooney wore a grey coat, which, we understand, was of Irish manufacture. He addressed the meeting for more than an hour, with much energy and effect, and was frequently applauded. We shall try to make room for his speech on another occasion. These resolutions were seconded by Mr. Scanlan, and passed unanimously. There were many calls for Mr. Mooney, when that gentleman came forward, and was received with a strong expression of applause. Mr. Mooney wore a grey coat, which, we understand, was of Irish manufacture. He addressed the meeting for more than an hour, with much energy and effect, and was frequently applauded. We shall try to make room for his speech on another occasion. Mr. Larue was then called on by the meeting, and he addressed the assembly as follows: Mr. Larue was then called on by the meeting, and he addressed the assembly as follows: Fellow-citizens:— You see before you on this occasion, a violent native American. (Cheers.) I have been asked since I came into this house, 'what have we to do with the affairs of Ireland?' and I replied to that question, by asking, what had we to do with the affairs of Poland? with the affairs of Greece, or with the South American Republics? I answer, we have this to do— the cause of liberty is outraged in Ireland, and wherever it is assailed, it is the business of the freemen of America to fly to its protection. (Loud cheers.) Ask an American what he has to do when such a cause is presented, and he will answer that he has to do with it. That he will reply to the calls of the oppressed with his tongue, and if necessary with his right arm. (Great and enthusiastic cheering.) If we were asked when we stood upon our right, and braved the arms of England in the cause of freedom— if we were told by the friends of liberty in Europe, that they had no right to interfere between England and her colonies— if the lovers of liberty in Europe had so answered our feeble, our infant arm— although they must have been ultimately successful— yet the battle would have been . . . from Europe, what might have been the consequence? (Cheers.) Why then should we pause to debate as to whether or not we shall do a plain and obvious duty to Ireland? When Greece applied to us, we responded, and Greece is free. (Cheers.) When Poland applied to us, did we not respond as became freemen? When the provinces of Mexico struggled for their independence, and called on us for aid, did we not give it freely? And when Texas in turn suffered oppression, did we not arm in her defence, and help her in the field to win her independence? (Loud cheers.) Why should we pause, then, when we are asked to exercise sympathy for an island that has been trodden down for centuries, by a ruthless, rapacious aristocracy? Am I to be told when I see the traveller wounded on the way-side by robbers, I am not to turn and relieve him? That when I see the blood gushing from the open wound, I am not to stop and bind it up? Perish such philosophy! such reasoning! No! wherever I find oppression, I will fly to the aid of the oppressed with my tongue, with my arm, and with my heart. (Great cheering.) And when I am asked, why I should affect to be the natural guardian of the oppressed, I answer, that as an American, born on this soil, which seems destined to be the asylum of the oppressed of all nations, I interpret its great destiny and construe its sublime Constitution correctly, in asserting my readiness to stand up in behalf of the suffering sections of humanity— for I believe my brother is not of one country or of one climate— but the creature— the citizen of the world. (Loud cheers.) The heart will throw out its sensations— it will expand when touched by the appeal of the afflicted— and I have arisen in obedience to its ungovernable impulse, to show that there are some natives of this soil, who dare stand up and advocate the right of humanity. (Great cheers.) Fellow-citizens:— You see before you on this occasion, a violent native American. (Cheers.) I have been asked since I came into this house, 'what have we to do with the affairs of Ireland?' and I replied to that question, by asking, what had we to do with the affairs of Poland? with the affairs of Greece, or with the South American Republics? what had we to do with the affairs of Poland? with the affairs of Greece, or with the South American Republics? I answer, we have this to do— the cause of liberty is outraged in Ireland, and wherever it is assailed, it is the business of the freemen of America to fly to its protection. the cause of liberty is outraged in Ireland, and wherever it is assailed, it is the business of the freemen of America to fly to its protection. (Loud cheers.) Ask an American what he has to do when such a cause is presented, and he will answer that he has has to do with it. That he will reply to the calls of the oppressed calls of the oppressed with his tongue, and if necessary with his right arm. and if necessary with his right arm. (Great and enthusiastic cheering.) If we were asked when we stood upon our right, and braved the arms of England in the cause of freedom— if we were told by the friends of liberty in Europe, that they had no right to interfere between England and her colonies they had no right to interfere between England and her colonies — if the lovers of liberty in Europe had so answered our feeble, our infant arm— although they must have been ultimately successful— yet the battle would have been . . . from Europe, what might have been the consequence? (Cheers.) Why then should we pause to debate as to whether or not we shall do a plain and obvious duty to Ireland? When Greece applied to us, we responded, we responded, and Greece is free. (Cheers.) When Poland applied to us, did we not respond as became freemen? did we not respond as became freemen? When the provinces of Mexico struggled for their independence, and called on us for aid, did we not give it freely? did we not give it freely? And when Texas in turn suffered oppression, did we not arm in her defence, and help her in the field to win her independence? did we not arm in her defence, and help her in the field to win her independence? (Loud cheers.) Why should we pause, then, when we are asked to exercise sympathy for an island that has been trodden down for centuries, by a ruthless, rapacious aristocracy? Am I to be told when I see the traveller wounded on the way-side by robbers, I am not to turn and relieve him? Am I to be told when I see the traveller wounded on the way-side by robbers, I am not to turn and relieve him? That when I see the blood gushing from the open wound, I am not to stop and bind it up? Perish such philosophy! such reasoning! No! wherever I find oppression, I will fly to the aid of the oppressed with my tongue, with my arm, and with my heart. wherever I find oppression, I will fly to the aid of the oppressed with my tongue, with my arm, and with my heart. (Great cheering.) And when I am asked, why I should affect to be the natural guardian of the oppressed, I answer, that as an American, born on this soil, which seems destined to be the asylum of the oppressed of all nations, the asylum of the oppressed of all nations, I interpret its great destiny and construe its sublime Constitution correctly, in asserting my readiness to stand up in behalf of the suffering sections of humanity— for I believe my brother is not of one country or of one climate— but the creature— the citizen of the world. my brother is not of one country or of one climate— but the creature— the citizen of the world. (Loud cheers.) The heart will throw out its sensations— it will expand when touched by the appeal of the afflicted— and I have arisen in obedience to its ungovernable impulse, to show that there are some natives of this soil, who dare stand up and advocate the right of humanity. who dare stand up and advocate the right of humanity. (Great cheers.) Mr. Barret now arose to propose that the meeting do now adjourn, upon which many voices cried out No! The Chairman put the question, and declared that the ayes had it, though the minority for continuing were very numerous. The Chairman then said that he cordially accorded in all that had transpired that evening. Their enthusiasm, their unanimity and decorum on that occasion did honor to their native country and to the cause— and he might conclude by praying that the Goddess of Liberty might prosper their cause, and crown them with success. (Great cheering.) Mr. Barret now arose to propose that the meeting do now adjourn, upon which many voices cried out No! The Chairman put the question, and declared that the ayes had it, though the minority for continuing were very numerous. The Chairman then said that he cordially accorded in all that had transpired that evening. Their enthusiasm, their unanimity and decorum on that occasion did honor to their native country and to the cause— and he might conclude by praying that the Goddess of Liberty might prosper their cause, and crown them with success. (Great cheering.) Mr. Barret then came forward to propose a vote of thanks to Gen. Joseph Walker, of Louisiana, which was responded to by a hearty round of applause. The immense gathering then separated, evidently excited with patriotic feelings in behalf of old Ireland. Mr. Barret then came forward to propose a vote of thanks to Gen. Joseph Walker, of Louisiana, which was responded to by a hearty round of applause. The immense gathering then separated, evidently excited with patriotic feelings in behalf of old Ireland. 

 A quarterly meeting of the Middlesex County Anti-Slavery Society will be held in the Baptist meeting-house, in Lexington, on Tuesday the 26th day of April, at 11 o'clock, A.M. A quarterly meeting of the Middlesex County Anti-Slavery Society will be held in the Baptist meeting-house, in Lexington, on Tuesday the 26th day of April, at 11 o'clock, A.M. Important subjects will come before the meeting for discussion; and it is hoped that members of societies, and the people generally, will deem it a privilege to attend. Friends of the cause of humanity, and those well qualified to advocate it, will be present. Important subjects will come before the meeting for discussion; and it is hoped that members of societies, and the people generally, will deem it a privilege to attend. Friends of the cause of humanity, and those well qualified to advocate it, will be present. SAMUEL C. WHEELER, Sec. SAMUEL C. WHEELER, Sec. Sec. Groton, March 21, 1842. Groton, March 21, 1842. 

 The resolves of Tennessee, in favor of the annexation of Texas, were also presented, ordered to be printed, and referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. The petitions against it are now referred to the same Committee, although five out of nine members of it are slaveholders. I have little doubt that Mr. Adams's great report against the annexation will be sanctioned by a majority of the Committee. The subject is before the Legislature of Virginia, and every thing looks as if the measure was to be pressed with decision. Yet Massachusetts suffered her Legislature to adjourn without any remonstrance! No resolves passed on the subject of Dr. Duggan's noble recommendations! No vote to sustain Mr. Adams! What does it mean? Can it be that the current rumor here is true? Did any of our delegation in Congress send word, that if the voice of the old Commonwealth was heard in clear tones, and warmly uttering the notes of liberty, that Mr. Preston would not report in favor of paying our militia claim? Was this the reason why all action was suppressed, after so noble a beginning? Let the people pass this question round among their representatives, and see if they consented to surrender principle for dollars! I believe they did, and so brought shame on our beloved State. Why, when Duggan's resolves were adopted, every man here expected such a voice from Massachusetts as her Adamses, and her Otises, and Quincys in other days would have sent forth to cheer the host of freedom in their contest with kingly power and oppression. WHY DIP IT NOT COME?— Washington Correspondent of the Worcester Spy. The resolves of Tennessee, in favor of the annexation of Texas, were also presented, ordered to be printed, and referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. The petitions against against it are now referred to the same Committee, although five out of nine members of it are slaveholders. I have little doubt that Mr. Adams's great report against against the annexation will be sanctioned by a majority of the Committee. The subject is before the Legislature of Virginia, and every thing looks as if the measure was to be pressed with decision. Yet Massachusetts suffered her Legislature to adjourn without any remonstrance! No resolves passed on the subject of Dr. Duggan's noble recommendations! No vote to sustain Mr. Adams! What does it mean? Can it be that the current rumor here is true? Did any of our delegation in Congress send word, delegation in Congress send word, that if the voice of the old Commonwealth was heard in clear tones, and warmly uttering the notes of liberty, that Mr. Preston would not report in favor of paying our militia claim? Was this this the reason why all action was suppressed, after so noble a beginning? Let the people pass this question round among their representatives, and see if they consented to surrender principle for dollars! I believe they did, and so brought shame on our beloved State. Why, when Duggan's resolves were adopted, every man here expected such a voice from Massachusetts as her Adamses, and her Otises, and Quincys in other days would have sent forth to cheer the host of freedom in their contest with kingly power and oppression. WHY DIP IT NOT COME?— Washington Correspondent of the Worcester Spy. Washington Correspondent of the Worcester Spy. European and American Emigrants in Jamaica. European and American Emigrants in Jamaica. To the Editor of the Baptist Herald? To the Editor of the Baptist Herald? To the Editor of the Baptist Herald? From the 12th of March to the end of July in this year, there arrived at Hyde Hall estate, in this parish, twenty one emigrants; six of these were married men, and brought their wives with them, and children amounting, I believe, to sixteen; the others were single. Where are they how? Eleven of the working party are dead, with four of the children; a widow of one has left for America, and this week, the only surviving widow, with five children, will be sent to America by the benevolence of a few individuals in Falmouth. If I am correct, eight laborers are left, five of whom are now ill; of the orphan children, six are in a most deplorable state, and, if something is not done, will soon have followed their unhappy parents to the grave. From the 12th of March to the end of July in this year, there arrived at Hyde Hall estate, in this parish, twenty one emigrants; six of these were married men, and brought their wives with them, and children amounting, I believe, to sixteen; the others were single. Where are they how? Eleven of the working party are dead, with four of the children; a widow of one has left for America, and this week, the only surviving widow, with five children, will be sent to America by the benevolence of a few individuals in Falmouth. If I am correct, eight laborers are left, five of whom are now ill; of the orphan children, six are in a most deplorable state, and, if something is not done, will soon have followed their unhappy parents to the grave. On the 19th of April, there arrived at Glamorgan, a pen belonging to Hyde Hall, and within two miles of the same, four emigrants and a child,— the man, woman and child are dead, they died in June. One of the remaining emigrants is sick. On the 18th of October, several others arrived: half of them are already on the sick list, and in all probability will soon be numbered with the dead. On the 19th of April, there arrived at Glamorgan, a pen belonging to Hyde Hall, and within two miles of the same, four emigrants and a child,— the man, woman and child are dead, they died in June. One of the remaining emigrants is sick. On the 18th of October, several others arrived: half of them are already on the sick list, and in all probability will soon be numbered with the dead. I am, sir, your obedient servant, I am, sir, your obedient servant, W. KNIBB. W. KNIBB. P.S. Since this was written, one of the remaining emigrants, John Payne, is dead, and another now lies beyond the hope of recovery. W.K. P.S. Since this was written, one of the remaining emigrants, John Payne, is dead, and another now lies beyond the hope of recovery. W.K. 

 A special meeting of the Board of Managers of the Essex Co. Anti-Slavery Society will be held at the house of Mr. J. Kenney, South Salem, April 4th, at 3 o'clock, P.M. A special meeting of the Board of Managers of the Essex Co. Anti-Slavery Society will be held at the house of Mr. J. Kenney, South Salem, April 4th, at 3 o'clock, P.M. JAMES D. BLACK, Rec. Sec. JAMES D. BLACK, Rec. Sec. Rec. Sec. 

 To the Editor of the Baptist Herald: To the Editor of the Baptist Herald: To the Editor of the Baptist Herald: SIR,— I have just returned from a scene the most painful and soul-harrowing I ever witnessed— a dwelling filled with the sick and the dying, the victims of a system only equalled— scarcely surpassed— by the diabolical slave-trade. SIR,— I have just returned from a scene the most painful and soul-harrowing I ever witnessed— a dwelling filled with the sick and the dying, the victims of a system only equalled— scarcely surpassed— by the diabolical slave-trade. It will be in your recollection that, about seven weeks since, a vessel arrived at St. Ann's Bay with immigrants from America. Of the whole number, not more than half a dozen, I understand, procured employment. Some have set out on foot to Kingston, and others to Falmouth, in search of the means of existence; FOUR are in the grave; SEIVENTEEN I beheld prostrated with fever, one fast hastening to another world, but 'looking unto Jesus,'— another insensible to any thing but his own sufferings, in the agonies of death.* The remainder (ten or twelve in number) are wretched in the extreme: with only one exception, they have all had severe sickness, under the effects of which they are still suffering. Some bear their hard lot with fortitude— others wish the vessel had gone down with them; and others are well nigh heart-broken at being deceived and ruined. It will be in your recollection that, about seven weeks since, a vessel arrived at St. Ann's Bay with immigrants from America. Of the whole number, not more than half a dozen, I understand, procured employment. Some have set out on foot to Kingston, and others to Falmouth, in search of the means of existence; FOUR are in the grave; are in the grave; SEIVENTEEN I beheld prostrated with fever, one fast hastening to another world, but 'looking unto Jesus,'— another insensible to any thing but his own sufferings, in the agonies of death.* The remainder (ten or twelve in number) are wretched in the extreme: with only one exception, they have all had severe sickness, under the effects of which they are still suffering. Some bear their hard lot with fortitude— others wish the vessel had gone down with them; and others are well nigh heart-broken at being deceived and ruined. Who can wonder at their complaints? They were induced to give up their situations, and abandon their prospects in America, in consequence of the flattering promises held out to them respecting Jamaica— plenty of employment, superior wages, excellent cottages, land for cultivation, &c. &c. They forsook their homes, left their kindred, and embarked for Jamaica, their hearts beating high with hope and expectation. What have they found? Disappointment and despair— sickness and the grave! Who can wonder at their complaints? They were induced to give up their situations, and abandon their prospects in America, in consequence of the flattering promises held out to them respecting Jamaica— plenty of employment, superior wages, excellent cottages, land for cultivation, &c. &c. They forsook their homes, left their kindred, and embarked for Jamaica, their hearts beating high with hope and expectation. What have they found? What have they found? Disappointment and despair— sickness and the grave! Not far distant is the depot at Hilton Hill. Nearly all the 200 immigrants who, two months since, came out in the New Phoenix, remain unemployed. Not far distant is the depot at Hilton Hill. Nearly all the 200 immigrants who, two months since, came out in the New Phoenix, New Phoenix, remain unemployed. Can we wonder, sir, at God's judgments coming on the inhabitants of this island— who, as soon as they have washed their hands in negro blood, are imbruing them in the blood of white men? It is high time the promised searching inquiry into the immigration scheme was instituted— it is high time the white 'slave trade' was abolished. Can we wonder, sir, at God's judgments coming on the inhabitants of this island— who, as soon as they have washed their hands in negro blood, are imbruing them in the blood of white men? It is high time the promised searching inquiry into the immigration scheme was instituted— it is high time the white 'slave trade' was abolished. I remain, sir, yours respectfully. I remain, sir, yours respectfully. JOHN CLARK. JOHN CLARK. St. Anns, Nov. 24, 1841. St. Anns, Nov. 24, 1841. 

 Wendell Phillips, Esq of Boston, will deliver a lecture on the subject of American Slavery, in the Lyceum Hall, Dorchester, on Sunday evening next, (April 3,) at 7 o'clock, P.M. Ladies and gentlemen of Dorchester and vicinity are respectfully invited to attend. Wendell Phillips, Esq of Boston, will deliver a lecture on the subject of American Slavery, in the Lyceum Hall, Dorchester, on Sunday evening next, (April 3,) at 7 o'clock, P.M. Ladies and gentlemen of Dorchester and vicinity are respectfully invited to attend. 

 Extract of a letter from the Rev. John Clark to Mr. Sturge, dated Extract of a letter from the Rev. John Clark to Mr. Sturge, dated Brown's Town, Dec. 4, 1841. Brown's Town, Dec. 4, 1841. The friends of humanity in Britain will, I trust, continue to lift up their voices against the immigration scheme. It is producing the most disastrous results. About two months since, the New Phoenix brought upwards of 200 emigrants, chiefly Irish, into this parish. The friends of humanity in Britain will, I trust, continue to lift up their voices against the immigration scheme. It is producing the most disastrous results. About two months since, the New Phoenix New Phoenix brought upwards of 200 emigrants, chiefly Irish, into this parish. It is scarcely necessary to say, that they are disappointed and dissatisfied, and there is so little need of their services, that nearly half of them are remaining at the depot, living in idleness and wretchedness. Shortly after their arrival, came a vessel from America with about fifty men— many of whom, tempted by the flattering prospects held out to them in Jamaica, gave up their situations in Boston, and came thither with high expectations, only to meet with disappointment, sickness, and, in many cases, [ ] them until last week, and then learned that only about half a dozen of the number had procured employment; some had gone to Kingston, and others to Falmouth, to seek the means of support, and four had fallen victims to the prevailing sickness— about thirty remained; of these seventeen were prostrated with fever, and two were in a dying state. The remainder, with a single exception, had been very ill, but were out of danger. It is but justice to say, that great care and attention have been paid to this unhappy people. All who could bear the journey, have been removed to a healthy residence in the mountains, and I believe there is reason to hope that they will recover. But what are they then to do? They were to be provided with cottages, acres of land for cultivation, rent, with wages of a dollar and upwards per diem. But, alas! there are neither cottages for them nor land; and the highest wages offered is one shilling and sixpence, instead of four shillings, for able day laborers. The result will, I fear, be similar to the experiment of 1835 and 1836, the history of which is one of mourning, lamentation and wo. It is scarcely necessary to say, that they are disappointed and dissatisfied, and there is so little need of their services, that nearly half of them are remaining at the depot, living in idleness and wretchedness. Shortly after their arrival, came a vessel from America with about fifty men— many of whom, tempted by the flattering prospects held out to them in Jamaica, gave up their situations in Boston, and came thither with high expectations, only to meet with disappointment, sickness, and, in many cases, [ ] them until last week, and then learned that only about half a dozen of the number had procured employment; some had gone to Kingston, and others to Falmouth, to seek the means of support, and four had fallen victims to the prevailing sickness— about thirty remained; of these seventeen were prostrated with fever, and two were in a dying state. The remainder, with a single exception, had been very ill, but were out of danger. It is but justice to say, that great care and attention have been paid to this unhappy people. All who could bear the journey, have been removed to a healthy residence in the mountains, and I believe there is reason to hope that they will recover. But what are they then to do? They were to be provided with cottages, acres of land for cultivation, rent, with wages of a dollar and upwards per diem. But, alas! there are neither cottages for them nor land; and the highest wages offered is one shilling and sixpence, instead of four shillings, for able day laborers. The result will, I fear, be similar to the experiment of 1835 and 1836, the history of which is one of mourning, lamentation and wo. * Both have since died, and the convalescent have been removed to the mountains. * Both have since died, and the convalescent have been removed to the mountains. 

 The following lines, copied from the 'Remains of Rev. Carlos Wilcox, late Pastor of the North Congregational Church in Hartford, Ct.' published in 1828, and composing a part of his unfinished poem, entitled 'The Age of Benevolence,' are full of truth, of prophetic inspiration, of solemn warning and faithful rebuke.— N.Y. Evangelist. The following lines, copied from the 'Remains of Rev. Carlos Wilcox, late Pastor of the North Congregational Church in Hartford, Ct.' published in 1828, and composing a part of his unfinished poem, entitled 'The Age of Benevolence,' are full of truth, of prophetic inspiration, of solemn warning and faithful rebuke.— N.Y. Evangelist. N.Y. Evangelist. 'Go ye, whose feelings custom has not steel'd, 'Go ye, whose feelings custom has not steel'd, See man to market driv'n like fatten'd herds,There to be sold and parted, friend from friend,Parted by scourges, yokes, or galling chains,Then judge if Slavery is no more our crime,But our calamity. Go first and viewFair Freedom's temple, while her chosen sonsFrom her confederate realms are metTo pay their yearly off rings at her shrine.Enter and hear the clap of loud applause,When by some fav'rite voice, declaiming loud,To crowded aisles and galleries adorn'dWith forms of beauty rang'd in brilliant rows,This matchless land is blazon'd to the starsFor liberty, equality, and joy:Then go and view a drove of human souls,Immortal beings for whom Jesus died,To market driv n, and by their fellow-menWhose blackness lies far deeper than their skin.Go listen to the lashes and the shrieksThat mingle rend the air, while clinging friends,Husband and wife, the mother and the child,By various purchasers are torn apart,And doom'd to different regions of the land,Never to see each other's faces more;Never to hear, by letter or report,Of other's welfare dearer than their own;Never to know their death, till after years'Tis learnt by meeting them beyond the grave.O proud Columbia, hide thy towering headLow in the dust, in shame and penitence,Till from thy robes be wash'd the stain of blood;Then like a goddess rising from the sen,Then rising in thy glory, prove thyself'The queen of earth, the daughter of the skies.'I see thy glory with prophetic eye,I see thee with thy crown of many starsOn thy fair head, and clothed in spotless robes,Moving in state toward the Atlantic shore:With one hand casting to the waves belowThe last of all thy slave-oppressing chains,And with the other holding to thy breastThe Book of God. I hear the shouts of joyThat ring from end to end of thy domain.I hear the sounds prolong'd from wave to wave,And now they strike and echo on the coastOf joyful Africa. The time will come—Sure as the groans of earth shall all be lostIn the hosannas of millennial bliss—The time will come when slavery shall cease,When this whole nation, like that favor'd partNorthward and eastward stretching from the shoresOf Susquehannah, shall enjoy the smilesOf Freedom, equal, common, as the air.At such a prospect, who, that has a heartWith one remaining spark of generous fire,Feels not an inward glowing of delight?Who that can pray, will cease to importuneThe Lord of all to hasten the event?From those who purchase, of their own accord,The blood and sinews of their fellow-men,No pity is expected; but from themOn whom the sad possession is entail'd,Without the power to set the pris'ners free,At least from all the pious and humane,Much may be hoped in aid of every planFor hastening on the day of full release,These join'd with those whose blessing 'tis to liveAmong the hills and valleys of the North,'Where all born free inherit equal rights,'Will form a host not armed, but inspir'dBy reason, right, humanity and Heav'n,To undertake and to effect the workOf liberating brethren from their chains.O for some Wilberforce to lead the van!To rise and say, 'It must and shall be done;'To rise the hundreth time, unaib'd by frowns,Undamp'd by failures, and repeat the same,Till vit'ry crown him with a fairer wreathThan hero ever won or poet feign'd. See man to market driv'n like fatten'd herds,There to be sold and parted, friend from friend,Parted by scourges, yokes, or galling chains,Then judge if Slavery is no more our crime,But our calamity. Go first and viewFair Freedom's temple, while her chosen sonsFrom her confederate realms are metTo pay their yearly off rings at her shrine.Enter and hear the clap of loud applause,When by some fav'rite voice, declaiming loud,To crowded aisles and galleries adorn'dWith forms of beauty rang'd in brilliant rows,This matchless land is blazon'd to the starsFor liberty, equality, and joy:Then go and view a drove of human souls,Immortal beings for whom Jesus died,To market driv n, and by their fellow-menWhose blackness lies far deeper than their skin.Go listen to the lashes and the shrieksThat mingle rend the air, while clinging friends,Husband and wife, the mother and the child,By various purchasers are torn apart,And doom'd to different regions of the land,Never to see each other's faces more;Never to hear, by letter or report,Of other's welfare dearer than their own;Never to know their death, till after years'Tis learnt by meeting them beyond the grave.O proud Columbia, hide thy towering headLow in the dust, in shame and penitence,Till from thy robes be wash'd the stain of blood;Then like a goddess rising from the sen,Then rising in thy glory, prove thyself'The queen of earth, the daughter of the skies.'I see thy glory with prophetic eye,I see thee with thy crown of many starsOn thy fair head, and clothed in spotless robes,Moving in state toward the Atlantic shore:With one hand casting to the waves belowThe last of all thy slave-oppressing chains,And with the other holding to thy breastThe Book of God. I hear the shouts of joyThat ring from end to end of thy domain.I hear the sounds prolong'd from wave to wave,And now they strike and echo on the coastOf joyful Africa. The time will come—Sure as the groans of earth shall all be lostIn the hosannas of millennial bliss—The time will come when slavery shall cease,When this whole nation, like that favor'd partNorthward and eastward stretching from the shoresOf Susquehannah, shall enjoy the smilesOf Freedom, equal, common, as the air.At such a prospect, who, that has a heartWith one remaining spark of generous fire,Feels not an inward glowing of delight?Who that can pray, will cease to importuneThe Lord of all to hasten the event?From those who purchase, of their own accord,The blood and sinews of their fellow-men,No pity is expected; but from themOn whom the sad possession is entail'd,Without the power to set the pris'ners free,At least from all the pious and humane,Much may be hoped in aid of every planFor hastening on the day of full release,These join'd with those whose blessing 'tis to liveAmong the hills and valleys of the North,'Where all born free inherit equal rights,'Will form a host not armed, but inspir'dBy reason, right, humanity and Heav'n,To undertake and to effect the workOf liberating brethren from their chains.                                                                          O for some Wilberforce to lead the van O for some Wilberforce to lead the van !  To rise and say, 'It must and shall be done; To rise and say, 'It must and shall be done; '  To rise the hundreth time, unaib'd by frowns, To rise the hundreth time, unaib'd by frowns,   Undamp'd by failures, and repeat the same, Undamp'd by failures, and repeat the same,   Till vit'ry crown him with a fairer wreath Till vit'ry crown him with a fairer wreath   Than hero ever won or poet feign'd. Than hero ever won or poet feign'd. 'The wrongs of Africa must be redress'd:Extensive as her injuries, her claimsFor compensation are upon the world.A handful, honored with the Christian name,Buried in dungeons on the savage coastOf Barbary, have summon'd from afarThe fleets of mighty nations to their aid.'Twere noble, though but just, in nations onceInhumanly employed in forging chainsFor unoffending Africa, to drawA line of ships, to build therewith a wallAround her, to defend her helpless shoresFrom ruffian outlaws; to explore the holdsOf all suspected ships, whatever flagMay dance on high, to cover what's below,And from these loathsome dungeons, floating graves,To raise to life, to light and liberty,The pining, dying captives there confin'd,Bound down in irons, and to hardships doom'dThat ending in the loss of half their lives,Thus rob the murderers before they reachTheir destin'd port. In that tremendous day,When from her vast unfathomable depths,The opening sea shall yield her rising dead;Oh! what a ost, in one continuous line,Marking to gazing worlds the wonted courseOf this infernal traffic o'er the main,Through floods divided by the trumpet's sound,Like that divided by the sacred rodOf Israel's leader, shall ascend to fillThe persecuting nations with dismay!Then let the nations tremble and refor;Let those who have begun, pursue the workOf restitution, till no slave be found.And let my country be the first to payThe full arrears of justice, still the dueOf injured Africa, that at the barOf final retribution, she may standThe first forgiven, or the last condemn'd.' 'The wrongs of Africa must be redress'd:Extensive as her injuries, her claimsFor compensation are upon the world.A handful, honored with the Christian name,Buried in dungeons on the savage coastOf Barbary, have summon'd from afarThe fleets of mighty nations to their aid.'Twere noble, though but just, in nations onceInhumanly employed in forging chainsFor unoffending Africa, to drawA line of ships, to build therewith a wallAround her, to defend her helpless shoresFrom ruffian outlaws; to explore the holdsOf all suspected ships, whatever flagMay dance on high, to cover what's below,And from these loathsome dungeons, floating graves,To raise to life, to light and liberty,The pining, dying captives there confin'd,Bound down in irons, and to hardships doom'dThat ending in the loss of half their lives,Thus rob the murderers before they reachTheir destin'd port. In that tremendous day,When from her vast unfathomable depths,The opening sea shall yield her rising dead;Oh! what a ost, in one continuous line,Marking to gazing worlds the wonted courseOf this infernal traffic o'er the main,Through floods divided by the trumpet's sound,Like that divided by the sacred rodOf Israel's leader, shall ascend to fillThe persecuting nations with dismay!Then let the nations tremble and refor;Let those who have begun, pursue the workOf restitution, till no slave be found.And let my country be the first to payThe full arrears of justice, still the dueOf injured Africa, that at the barOf final retribution, she may standThe first forgiven, or the last condemn'd.'                                       

 If the great work of moral regeneration goes on in Ireland— if that which has been so nobly begun by five millions of the people abandoning the use of all intoxicating drinks, and coming under the banner of Father Mathew— the banner of morality and good order, is carried forward— if the people, as they learn lessons in the school of liberty, come to the clear apprehension that freedom is no piebald thing— to blossom, die, and then be trampled under foot— but that it is a universal right— a gift from the Great Creator himself to every member of the human family— and that it is as sinful to deprive the poor African of it as the lordly potentate who sways the destinies of millions— if, we say, the people of Ireland come thoroughly to apprehend the true principles of liberty, they will do much for its extension all the world over, and in no place more than America; where, notwithstanding her high profession of equal rights, she, nevertheless, keeps two millions and a half of her subjects— guilty only of having a skin colored unlike ours— in the most abject bondage. If the great work of moral regeneration goes on in Ireland— if that which has been so nobly begun by five millions of the people abandoning the use of all intoxicating drinks, and coming under the banner of Father Mathew— the banner of morality and good order, is carried forward— if the people, as they learn lessons in the school of liberty, come to the clear apprehension that freedom is no piebald thing— to blossom, die, and then be trampled under foot— but that it is a universal right— a gift from the Great Creator himself to every member of the human family— and that it is as sinful to deprive the poor African of it as the lordly potentate who sways the destinies of millions— if, we say, the people of Ireland come thoroughly to apprehend the true principles of liberty, they will do much for its extension all the world over, and in no place more than America; where, notwithstanding her high profession of equal rights, she, nevertheless, keeps two millions and a half of her subjects— guilty only of having a skin colored unlike ours— in the most abject bondage. We have been led to these remarks from having observed the arrival of the 'Irish Mammoth Address against Slavery,' noticed in some of the New-York papers. Should its history be unknown to any of our readers, we may mention that it was adopted at an anti-slavery meeting held at the Royal Exchange some months since, and, after receiving sixty thousand signatures, was carried across the Atlantic by Charles Lenox Remond, Esq., a young American colored gentleman, who travelled extensively through Ireland on behalf of the anti-slavery enterprise, after delivering a number of highly interesting lectures in Dublin— one of the results of which was, the setting a number of fair hands more busily at work in preparing offerings for a great anti-slavery bazaar, to be held at Boston, and which we are glad to hear has produced five hundred pounds to the cause. As some little notice of the effect of this effusion of Irish female sympathy in the cause of liberty may be acceptable to our readers, we extract the following from a letter from Mr. Remond, with the perusal of which we have been obligingly favored. He says— We have been led to these remarks from having observed the arrival of the 'Irish Mammoth Address against Slavery,' noticed in some of the New-York papers. Should its history be unknown to any of our readers, we may mention that it was adopted at an anti-slavery meeting held at the Royal Exchange some months since, and, after receiving sixty thousand signatures, was carried across the Atlantic by Charles Lenox Remond, Esq., a young American colored gentleman, who travelled extensively through Ireland on behalf of the anti-slavery enterprise, after delivering a number of highly interesting lectures in Dublin— one of the results of which was, the setting a number of fair hands more busily at work in preparing offerings for a great anti-slavery bazaar, to be held at Boston, and which we are glad to hear has produced five hundred pounds to the cause. As some little notice of the effect of this effusion of Irish female sympathy in the cause of liberty may be acceptable to our readers, we extract the following from a letter from Mr. Remond, with the perusal of which we have been obligingly favored. He says— 'I found the Boston friends on tiptoe for me, and I told them it was difficult for me to decide whether it was me or the bazaar boxes they most desired to see safely landed. It was, to be sure, a narrow escape. I landed on Tuesday noon— the buzaar opened the next (Wednesday) morning. I have attended the bazaar very much of the time, and every lady and gentleman interested was delighted at the Irish contributions; and, when the boxes were opened, the beauty of the articles, especially the bags and worsted-work, created quite a sensation, and in no one more so than Lord Morpeth, who spent much time at the Fair several days. 'I found the Boston friends on tiptoe for me, and I told them it was difficult for me to decide whether it was me or the bazaar boxes they most desired to see safely landed. It was, to be sure, a narrow escape. I landed on Tuesday noon— the buzaar opened the next (Wednesday) morning. I have attended the bazaar very much of the time, and every lady and gentleman interested was delighted at the Irish contributions; and, when the boxes were opened, the beauty of the articles, especially the bags and worsted-work, created quite a sensation, and in no one more so than Lord Morpeth, who spent much time at the Fair several days. This is really cheering; but we now turn to the still more striking manifestation, via, the publicly unrolling the Irish Mammoth Address, which took place in Faneull Hall— the great Liberty Hall of 76. For the annexed extracts, we are also indebted to private letters. The following is taken from one from Mrs. Maria Weston, Chapman, one of the noblest women America can boast of, and is dated Feb. 1st:— This is really cheering; but we now turn to the still more striking manifestation, via, the publicly unrolling the Irish Mammoth Address, which took place in Faneull Hall— the great Liberty Hall of 76. For the annexed extracts, we are also indebted to private letters. The following is taken from one from Mrs. Maria Weston, Chapman, one of the noblest women America can boast of, and is dated Feb. 1st:— 'We never had such a meeting of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society as the one which has just closed— a three days' meeting of continually increasing interest, all the time thronged— the session held in the State House more than any. Messrs. Phillips, Garrison and Collins, Remond, Rogers, and all our friends present— it was most cheering and animated. "The Irish Address was unrolled in Faneuil Hall, amid the rapturous cheering of 5000 men— a third of them Irishmen." Oh, how their strong hands smote together when they cried, in answer to Phillips's question, "Will you ever return the runaway slave, or vote for the slaveholder?"— "No! no!"— and what deafening cries of "We will! we will!." when Bradburn said, "It is Daniel O'Connell, and Father Mathew, who send their strong voices against the westerly breeze with 60,000 of your countrymen, and urge you to join the American abolitionists.' 'We never had such a meeting of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society as the one which has just closed— a three days' meeting of continually increasing interest, all the time thronged— the session held in the State House more than any. Messrs. Phillips, Garrison and Collins, Remond, Rogers, and all our friends present— it was most cheering and animated. "The Irish Address was unrolled in Faneuil Hall, amid the rapturous cheering of 5000 men— a third of them Irishmen." Oh, how their strong hands smote together when they cried, in answer to Phillips's question, "Will you ever return the runaway slave, or vote for the slaveholder?"— " No! no! No! no! "— and what deafening cries of " We will! we will! We will! we will! ." when Bradburn said, "It is Daniel O'Connell, and Father Mathew, who send their strong voices against the westerly breeze with 60,000 of your countrymen, and urge you to join the American abolitionists.' From another letter of the same date:— From another letter of the same date:— 'One word more, my dear friend, I must add, touching your great Irish Address. Judge of the progress in public sentiment, when I tell you it was read in Faneuil Hall— our grand civic building from the revolutionary days of '76— by Wm. Lloyd Garrison, with 5000 people in full cry, thronged densely round. It will do great good here. You will see it has been brought upon the floor of Congress by Mr. Wise, of the South.' 'One word more, my dear friend, I must add, touching your great Irish Address. Judge of the progress in public sentiment, when I tell you it was read in Faneuil Hall— our grand civic building from the revolutionary days of '76— by Wm. Lloyd Garrison, with 5000 people in full cry, thronged densely round. It will do great good here. You will see it has been brought upon the floor of Congress by Mr. Wise, of the South.' We are not wrong, then, we think, in saying that Ireland may do great things for the freeing of the American slave; but, then, let it be recollected that it must be by upholding a high standard. There must be no compromise— no shaking hands with the slaveholders, under any pretence whatever; he must be dealt plainly with, and any pretended support of his for liberty at a distance repudiated, until he washes his hands forever of all participation in the guilt of robbing his fellow-men. We are not wrong, then, we think, in saying that Ireland may do great things for the freeing of the American slave; but, then, let it be recollected that it must be by upholding a high standard. There must be no compromise— no shaking hands with the slaveholders, under any pretence whatever; he must be dealt plainly with, and any pretended support of his for liberty at a distance repudiated, until he washes his hands forever of all participation in the guilt of robbing his fellow-men. And, truly, there is not perhaps in the world such a singular mixture of liberty and slavery— such a strange jumbling of things which should be the antipodes of one another, as America affords. Our readers will recollect that a few weeks ago, we alluded to the shameful rail-road doings which took place in Massachusetts, in removing respectable colored persons with brutal violence from the rail-road cars into the nigger car! We did hope that, ere this, such atrocities, committed, too, in the freest State in the Union, would have been put down by the strong voice of public opinion; but let us hear how Mr. Remond was treated, the bearer of the Irish Address— a gentleman of education, who was received in terms of perfect equality into the houses of some of our most respectable citizens, and who was to appear before the State Legislature the following week to plead the cause of the oppressed. He says, in a letter lately received:— And, truly, there is not perhaps in the world such a singular mixture of liberty and slavery— such a strange jumbling of things which should be the antipodes of one another, as America affords. Our readers will recollect that a few weeks ago, we alluded to the shameful rail-road doings which took place in Massachusetts, in removing respectable colored persons with brutal violence from the rail-road cars into the nigger car! We did did hope that, ere this, such atrocities, committed, too, in the freest State in the Union, would have been put down by the strong voice of public opinion; but let us hear how Mr. Remond was treated, the bearer of the Irish Address— a gentleman of education, who was received in terms of perfect equality into the houses of some of our most respectable citizens, and who was to appear before the State Legislature the following week to plead the cause of the oppressed. He says, in a letter lately received:— 'I must now relate a circumstance which occurred the first morning after my arrival. Being anxious to see the opening of the bazaar, on going to the rail-road station I met my good friend William Bassett, of Lynn, and Mr. Hayward, of Salem; and, being anxious to talk with me in the carriage set apart for persons of color; they had barely taken their seats when the conductor ordered them both out; upon which contemptible demand, friend Bassett asked the conductor if he would not permit him to ride with his friend, who had been long absent in another country; but it proved of little avail, as they were compelled to get out.' 'I must now relate a circumstance which occurred the first morning after my arrival. Being anxious to see the opening of the bazaar, on going to the rail-road station I met my good friend William Bassett, of Lynn, and Mr. Hayward, of Salem; and, being anxious to talk with me in the carriage set apart for persons of color; they had barely taken their seats when the conductor ordered them both out; upon which contemptible demand, friend Bassett asked the conductor if he would not permit him to ride with his friend, who had been long absent in another country; but it proved of little avail, as they were compelled to get out.' This is perfectly abominable! It seems it was not enough that the colored gentleman should confine himself to the 'nigger' car, which, of course, he did to save himself from violent usage and the destruction of his clothes, if no worse; but that his friends, who wished to converse with him— to welcome him home— were peremptorily ordered out and forced to submit! Where, we ask, is republican liberty in this? How would such conduct be borne on this side of the Atlantic? Well does Mr. Remond indignantly observe— This is perfectly abominable! It seems it was not enough that the colored gentleman should confine himself to the 'nigger' car, which, of course, he did to save himself from violent usage and the destruction of his clothes, if no worse; but that his friends, who wished to converse with him— to welcome him home— were peremptorily ordered out and forced to submit! Where, we ask, is republican liberty in this? How would such conduct be borne on this side of the Atlantic? Well does Mr. Remond indignantly observe— 'This I consider disgracefulness refined and distilled! Can it be possible such transactions occur in a civilized country? Never, never did the conduct of my countrymen appear so uncivilized, so unchristian, so inhuman, so degrading and debasing, so trying and disheartening! and I ask, why was I burn in such a land and amidst such a people, who not only [ ] their every profession of christianity, but who desecrate the very temples erected to the worship of that God who is no respecter of persons, and our Saviour, who has declared that 'inasmuch as ye did it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye did it unto me?' 'This I consider disgracefulness refined and distilled! Can it be possible such transactions occur in a civilized country? Never, never did the conduct of my countrymen appear so uncivilized, so unchristian, so inhuman, so degrading and debasing, so trying and disheartening! and I ask, why was I burn in such a land and amidst such a people, who not only [ ] their every profession of christianity, but who desecrate the very temples erected to the worship of that God who is no respecter of persons, and our Saviour, who has declared that 'inasmuch as ye did it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye did it unto me?' And then Mr. Remond adds, in words of burning indignation:— And then Mr. Remond adds, in words of burning indignation:— 'Was it not that I have a dear father, mother, sisters, and brothers, before another month could elapse, I would turn my back for ever on the land of my nativity, and hail with joy the waves that would bear and the wind that would waft me to the country where the impious work, the deadly conflict with the Most High is not practised with such during, high-handed impunity.' 'Was it not that I have a dear father, mother, sisters, and brothers, before another month could elapse, I would turn my back for ever on the land of my nativity, and hail with joy the waves that would bear and the wind that would waft me to the country where the impious work, the deadly conflict with the Most High is not practised with such during, high-handed impunity.' 

 Like the rush of the storm,With the shout of reform,The triumph of truth is abroad;Like the whirlwind it sweeps,Like the lightning it leaps;Speed, speed to the tempest of God! Like the rush of the storm,With the shout of reform,The triumph of truth is abroad;Like the whirlwind it sweeps,Like the lightning it leaps;Speed, speed to the tempest of God!      Lo, the jug is upturned,And the barrel is burned,And its contents are scattered abroad;With our cold water mob,We shall finish the job—Make way for the chariots of God! Lo, the jug is upturned,And the barrel is burned,And its contents are scattered abroad;With our cold water mob,We shall finish the job—Make way for the chariots of God!      Without trumpet or drum,In battalions they come,And their banners are floating abroad;Without weapons they fight,In their cold water might;Success to the armies of God! Without trumpet or drum,In battalions they come,And their banners are floating abroad;Without weapons they fight,In their cold water might;Success to the armies of God!      The conflict grows hot,With the sober and sot,Who advance to the war without blood;Come, unite heart and hand,With the cold water band,And shout for the battle of God! The conflict grows hot,With the sober and sot,Who advance to the war without blood;Come, unite heart and hand,With the cold water band,And shout for the battle of God!      Ye men of the still,Of the jug and the gill,Lo, the beacons are kindled abroad—The hogshead in flamesYour salvation proclaims—Come and list with the legions of God! Ye men of the still,Of the jug and the gill,Lo, the beacons are kindled abroad—The hogshead in flamesYour salvation proclaims—Come and list with the legions of God!      

 A large and enthusiastic meeting of American citizens who were opposed to the agitation in our city and State, of the affairs of a nation with whom we are at peace, was held in the Rotunda of the St. Louis Exchange, on Thursday evening last, when the following officers were appointed: A large and enthusiastic meeting of American citizens who were opposed to the agitation in our city and State, of the affairs of a nation with whom we are at peace, was held in the Rotunda of the St. Louis Exchange, on Thursday evening last, when the following officers were appointed: Hon. F.D. Conrad, President. Hon. F.D. Conrad, President. President. Capt. Robert Spedden, Capt. E. Tracy, Hon. S.M.D. Clare, Maj. Jno. Mountfort, Maj. J.H. Dakin, S.W. Oakey, Pierre Jorda, Col. Thomas Pugh, L.L. Ferriere, Cassimere Prieto, Doct. S.W. Dalton, J.W. Stillwell, Vice Presidents. Capt. Robert Spedden, Capt. E. Tracy, Hon. S.M.D. Clare, Maj. Jno. Mountfort, Maj. J.H. Dakin, S.W. Oakey, Pierre Jorda, Col. Thomas Pugh, L.L. Ferriere, Cassimere Prieto, Doct. S.W. Dalton, J.W. Stillwell, Vice Presidents. Vice Presidents. Jno. Davis, Victor Benit, Wm. C. Auld, Dr. R. Graham, Secretaries. Jno. Davis, Victor Benit, Wm. C. Auld, Dr. R. Graham, Secretaries. Secretaries. The meeting having been called to order by Mr. E.W. Telfair, eloquent and appropriate speeches were delivered by the following gentlemen: Hon. F.D. Conrad, of Baton Rouge; Gen. Felix Houston of this city, and Gen. S. Foote, of Mississippi. The meeting having been called to order by Mr. E.W. Telfair, eloquent and appropriate speeches were delivered by the following gentlemen: Hon. F.D. Conrad, of Baton Rouge; Gen. Felix Houston of this city, and Gen. S. Foote, of Mississippi. On motion of Mr. Telfair, a committee of ten was appointed by the chairman to draft and report resolutions expressive of the sense of the meeting, on which the following persons were appointed: R.N. Ogden, A.W. Scates, Benj. Casey, C.W. Cammack, Thos. H. Howard, S.W. Waters, Dr. J. Harrison, David Stickney, P.W. Farrar, and H.H. Marks. On motion of Mr. Telfair, a committee of ten was appointed by the chairman to draft and report resolutions expressive of the sense of the meeting, on which the following persons were appointed: R.N. Ogden, A.W. Scates, Benj. Casey, C.W. Cammack, Thos. H. Howard, S.W. Waters, Dr. J. Harrison, David Stickney, P.W. Farrar, and H.H. Marks. After a short absence, the committee reported the following resolutions, which were unanimously adopted: After a short absence, the committee reported the following resolutions, which were unanimously adopted: Resolved, That this meeting declares itself hostile to every invasion, on the part of the people of one nation, of the rights of another with which it is at peace— that we view with mortification and regret the interference of American citizens with the domestic affairs of Great Britain, and condemn the conduct of those who have lately assembled in public meetings in this city, in support of what is called the cause of Irish Repeal. Resolved, That this meeting declares itself hostile to every invasion, on the part of the people of one nation, of the rights of another with which it is at peace— that we view with mortification and regret the interference of American citizens with the domestic affairs of Great Britain, and condemn the conduct of those who have lately assembled in public meetings in this city, in support of what is called the cause of Irish Repeal. Resolved, That we do not believe that the money contributed by our people to the Irish Repeal Association, will in the remotest degree, aid in accomplishing the object for which it is subscribed; but that nothing will be effected except our own disorganization at home, and the aggrandizement of Daniel O'Connell and his compeers abroad. Resolved, That we do not believe that the money contributed by our people to the Irish Repeal Association, will in the remotest degree, aid in accomplishing the object for which it is subscribed; but that nothing will be effected except our own disorganization at home, and the aggrandizement of Daniel O'Connell and his compeers abroad. Resolved, That in the efforts which have been made in this city and elsewhere, to promote the political designs of Irish agitators, we can perceive nothing but reckless disregard of the rights of a nation with which we are at peace. That while we are told that 'our actions, as American citizens, dishonor the memory of our revolutionary sires,' we still regard such actions with the pride of conscious integrity, and will continue to proclaim our faith. Resolved, That in the efforts which have been made in this city and elsewhere, to promote the political designs of Irish agitators, we can perceive nothing but reckless disregard of the rights of a nation with which we are at peace. That while we are told that 'our actions, as American citizens, dishonor the memory of our revolutionary sires,' we still regard such actions with the pride of conscious integrity, and will continue to proclaim our faith. Resolved, That we have seen with regret, influential and honorable Americans mingling with those who agitate Irish Repeal; and viewing as we do, the obligations which, as Americans, they owe to other nations and their own, as utterly incompatible with the professions of the advocates of Irish Repeal, we condemn their course as being unworthy of American citizens. Resolved, That we have seen with regret, influential and honorable Americans mingling with those who agitate Irish Repeal; and viewing as we do, the obligations which, as Americans, they owe to other nations and their own, as utterly incompatible with the professions of the advocates of Irish Repeal, we condemn their course as being unworthy of American citizens. Resolved, That in the proceedings of the meeting held at Faneuil Hall, in the city of Boston, over which William Lloyd Garrison presided, we distinctly recognize the identity of the interests of the two Irish Repealers and American abolitionists; and that we consider it as solemnly our duty to oppose the one, as to suppress and punish any efforts made by the fanatics of the other, to promote their disorganizing schemes. Resolved, That in the proceedings of the meeting held at Faneuil Hall, in the city of Boston, over which William Lloyd Garrison presided, we distinctly recognize the identity of the interests of the two Irish Repealers and American abolitionists; and that we consider it as solemnly our duty to oppose the one, as to suppress and punish any efforts made by the fanatics of the other, to promote their disorganizing schemes. Resolved, That this meeting regards Daniel O'Connell in Europe, and Wm. Lloyd Garrison in America, with no feeling but abhorrence— that we consider one as a political renegade, and the other a political fanatic, and both together are entitled to the execrations of all sober, upright and enlightened American citizens. Resolved, That this meeting regards Daniel O'Connell in Europe, and Wm. Lloyd Garrison in America, with no feeling but abhorrence— that we consider one as a political renegade, and the other a political fanatic, and both together are entitled to the execrations of all sober, upright and enlightened American citizens. Resolved, That although Congress has unquestionably the right to make naturalization laws, we are not compelled to conclude there from that naturalization laws are right. We have the privilege to discuss and consider the claims of justice— to recollect the obligations which all men owe to each other; and, conscious of such prerogatives, we derive from them our power to repudiate— and we do repudiate— alike the doctrine of foreign interference. Resolved, That although Congress has unquestionably the right to make naturalization laws, we are not compelled to conclude there from that naturalization laws are right. We have the privilege to discuss and consider the claims of justice— to recollect the obligations which all men owe to each other; and, conscious of such prerogatives, we derive from them our power to repudiate— and we do repudiate— alike the doctrine of foreign interference. Judge R.N. Ogden having been called upon, that gentleman proceeded to address the meeting at some length, in a very able and satisfactory manner; after which, Judge R.N. Ogden having been called upon, that gentleman proceeded to address the meeting at some length, in a very able and satisfactory manner; after which, Mr. Wm. Martin, an Irishman by birth, addressed the meeting, and gave a picture of the condition of Ireland, and the conduct of Daniel O'Connell, which produced frequent bursts of laughter and approbation; and, Mr. Wm. Martin, an Irishman by birth, addressed the meeting, and gave a picture of the condition of Ireland, and the conduct of Daniel O'Connell, which produced frequent bursts of laughter and approbation; and, On motion, the meeting adjourned. On motion, the meeting adjourned. F.D. CONRAD, President. F.D. CONRAD, President. President. Table  Table  

 How has the gold become dim, and the most fine gold changed!' What a contrast between the Friends of 1642 and 1842, as a Society!— En. How has the gold become dim, and the most fine gold changed!' What a contrast between the Friends of 1642 and 1842, as a Society!— En. FRIEND GARRISON: FRIEND GARRISON: As the Society of Friends has sustained, and still does sustain a reputation as an anti-slavery society, and the only consistent or religious anti-slavery society, it may be well to show their position, occasionally, with respect to the anti-slavery movements of the day, and their action with regard to their abolition members, who do not feel easy under the yoke of ecclesiastical bondage. I feel confident in saying, that there are very many in the Society who thus feel, and who, I trust, will one day be enabled to shake off this fear which bringeth a snare, and come out from among them. As the Society of Friends has sustained, and still does sustain a reputation as an anti-slavery society, and the only consistent or religious anti-slavery society, it may be well to show their position, occasionally, with respect to the anti-slavery movements of the day, and their action with regard to their abolition members, who do not feel easy under the yoke of ecclesiastical bondage. I feel confident in saying, that there are very many in the Society who thus feel, and who, I trust, will one day be enabled to shake off this fear which bringeth a snare, and come out from among them. Several years ago, I attempted, at a monthly meeting, to introduce a resolution, or, as Friends would term it, a sentiment on the subject of slavery, to be entered on the minutes, as the sense and judgment of the meeting. This was objected to— 1st. On the ground that it was in writing; it being contrary to the rules of the Society to receive or read any document in a meeting at large, before it had been examined by a committee for that purpose— 2d That the subject was before the meeting of Sufferings, and would probably be brought before the next Yearly Meeting, where it would be properly disposed of: and so the matter ended. Several years ago, I attempted, at a monthly meeting, to introduce a resolution, or, as Friends would term it, a sentiment on the subject of slavery, to be entered on the minutes, as the sense and judgment of the meeting. This was objected to— 1st. On the ground that it was in writing; it being contrary to the rules of the Society to receive or read any document in a meeting at large, before it had been examined by a committee for that purpose— 2d That the subject was before the meeting of Sufferings, and would probably be brought before the next Yearly Meeting, where it would be properly disposed of: and so the matter ended. The subject of Slavery was brought before the next Yearly Meeting; and what was the result? Why, the famous decree was issued, or advice given, to close our meeting-houses against the Abolitionists, and dissuade our members from joining them! Was this an anti-slavery or a pro-slavery movement? I call upon the world to decide this question. How was it considered at the South? Do we hear slaveholders complaining of it? By no means; but we do hear profligate slaveholding Senators in Congress applauding the consistency of Quaker anti-slavery! It was very plain to me, that no christian freeman, or abolitionist, could unite with such pro-slavery despotism. I can call it by no better name, because I believe it deserves no better. Those who issued this decree or advice were not ignorant or unenlightened people; they acted not from the impulse of the moment, but from great deliberation, consideration and reflection, and in a way to bring their sectarian power to act with the greatest possible force. Notwithstanding all this, my sectarian predilections were so strong, that I endeavored to travel with this accumulated load on my shoulders. More than once, I have been on a mission to procure a meeting-house to hold an anti-slavery meeting in— perhaps from a pro-slavery congregation, and generally with success; but not without being sometimes questioned— 'Why don't you open your own meeting-house?' I must confess, I was ashamed to answer that question, while I remained a member of the Society. But, after laboring much with my brethren on the subject, I found, at last, one of two things must be done. Much as I esteemed the Society of Friends, I found that I must abandon it, or the anti-slavery society. To remain in both seemed too much like attempting to serve two masters. I could perceive no unity between them, except in abstract profession, which, without works, I have but little faith in. The conflict was very great. Every earthly consideration was in favor of my remaining in the Society. My own family and connections were mostly members, and looked with suspicion upon the movement; choice friends, whom I had respected and loved for many years, were faithful in their admonition and advice, and I have no doubt from a sincere regard for my peace and welfare.— Notwithstanding all these influences, my duty was made plain to me, and I wrote to the monthly meeting, of which I was a member, for a discharge from membership stating my reason for the same, viz. their sinful position, as I believed, with respect to anti-slavery and non-resistance, or peace principles. On the receipt of my communication, before it was read in the meeting at large, I was visited by a very respected and beloved friend, urging and advising a withdrawal of it; observing that the consideration of it was postponed a month for that purpose. I thanked him for his kindness and good intentions, and we parted. In two months from the time my letter was received, it was read in a monthly meeting at East Greenwich, nearly eight miles from where I reside, and on a very stormy day, when there were very few members in attendance. A committee was appointed to visit me on the subject, and report at the next monthly meeting, to be holden at Coventry, where I reside, which duty they performed, and made a report, which was read in said meeting. It should be remembered, that very few friends who attended this meeting were present at the previous Greenwich meeting, where my communication was read; consequently, they could know nothing of the grounds on which the report was based; for the committee elicited nothing from me but what was contained in my letter. Hence, for the meeting to adopt the report understandingly, it was necessary to know upon what it was based. Some friend called for the reading of the communication, not having been present at the former meeting, and being ignorant of the foundation of the report; but, notwithstanding the communication was on the table, it was refused by the meeting— that is, those in authority, who usually decide what is the sense of the meeting— and so the report was said to have been adopted, notwithstanding there was some opposition to it. The subject of Slavery was brought before the next Yearly Meeting; and what was the result? Why, the famous decree was issued, or advice given, to close our meeting-houses against the Abolitionists, and dissuade our members from joining them! Was this an anti-slavery or a pro-slavery movement? I call upon the world to decide this question. How was it considered at the South? Do we hear slaveholders complaining of it? By no means; but we do hear profligate slaveholding Senators in Congress applauding the consistency of Quaker anti-slavery! It was very plain to me, that no christian freeman, or abolitionist, could unite with such pro-slavery despotism. I can call it by no better name, because I believe it deserves no better. Those who issued this decree or advice were not ignorant or unenlightened people; they acted not from the impulse of the moment, but from great deliberation, consideration and reflection, and in a way to bring their sectarian power to act with the greatest possible force. Notwithstanding all this, my sectarian predilections were so strong, that I endeavored to travel with this accumulated load on my shoulders. More than once, I have been on a mission to procure a meeting-house to hold an anti-slavery meeting in— perhaps from a pro-slavery congregation, and generally with success; but not without being sometimes questioned— 'Why don't you open your own meeting-house?' I must confess, I was ashamed to answer that question, while I remained a member of the Society. But, after laboring much with my brethren on the subject, I found, at last, one of two things must be done. Much as I esteemed the Society of Friends, I found that I must abandon it, or the anti-slavery society. To remain in both seemed too much like attempting to serve two masters. I could perceive no unity between them, except in abstract profession, which, without works, I have but little faith in. The conflict was very great. Every earthly consideration was in favor of my remaining in the Society. My own family and connections were mostly members, and looked with suspicion upon the movement; choice friends, whom I had respected and loved for many years, were faithful in their admonition and advice, and I have no doubt from a sincere regard for my peace and welfare.— Notwithstanding all these influences, my duty was made plain to me, and I wrote to the monthly meeting, of which I was a member, for a discharge from membership stating my reason for the same, viz. their sinful position, as I believed, with respect to anti-slavery and non-resistance, or peace principles. On the receipt of my communication, before it was read in the meeting at large, I was visited by a very respected and beloved friend, urging and advising a withdrawal of it; observing that the consideration of it was postponed a month for that purpose. I thanked him for his kindness and good intentions, and we parted. In two months from the time my letter was received, it was read in a monthly meeting at East Greenwich, nearly eight miles from where I reside, and on a very stormy day, when there were very few members in attendance. A committee was appointed to visit me on the subject, and report at the next monthly meeting, to be holden at Coventry, where I reside, which duty they performed, and made a report, which was read in said meeting. It should be remembered, that very few friends who attended this meeting were present at the previous Greenwich meeting, where my communication was read; consequently, they could know nothing of the grounds on which the report was based; for the committee elicited nothing from me but what was contained in my letter. Hence, for the meeting to adopt the report understandingly, it was necessary to know upon what it was based. Some friend called for the reading of the communication, not having been present at the former meeting, and being ignorant of the foundation of the report; but, notwithstanding the communication was on the table, it was refused by the meeting— that is, those in authority, who usually decide what is the sense of the meeting— and so the report was said to have been adopted, notwithstanding there was some opposition to it. I know not what the report was, except from hearsay; but that it was unsatisfactory to many, I have no doubt. I have mentioned these circumstances, to show the despotism that is exercised by the Society over its members. I have no complaint to make on my own account. My request for dismission was granted, with perhaps as little condemnation or censure as could be expected. I know not what the report was, except from hearsay; but that it was unsatisfactory to many, I have no doubt. I have mentioned these circumstances, to show the despotism that is exercised by the Society over its members. I have no complaint to make on my own account. My request for dismission was granted, with perhaps as little condemnation or censure as could be expected. Soon after this meeting, several Friends called on me, to see or hear the letter I had addressed to the meeting, presuming I had retained a copy of it (which I had not) I endeavored to inform them of the contents of it, as well as I could remember. I told them I would apply to the clerk for a copy of it. I was told by one friend that I was entitled to a copy of the report that had been made in my case, and adopted by the meeting; upon which I wrote the clerk the following note. Soon after this meeting, several Friends called on me, to see or hear the letter I had addressed to the meeting, presuming I had retained a copy of it (which I had not) I endeavored to inform them of the contents of it, as well as I could remember. I told them I would apply to the clerk for a copy of it. I was told by one friend that I was entitled to a copy of the report that had been made in my case, and adopted by the meeting; upon which I wrote the clerk the following note. COVENTRY, 11th month, 10th, 1841. COVENTRY, 11th month, 10th, 1841. TO WM. REYNOLDS: TO WM. REYNOLDS: RESPECTED FRIEND— Through inadvertance, I neglected to retain a copy of the letter I wrote to the monthly meeting, requesting a dismission therefrom. Since the disposal of that business by the meeting, I have been called on by several friends for a sight or hearing of that communication, they having, as they say, been refused that by the monthly meeting. If thou wilt be so kind as to forward me a copy, I will pay thee for thy trouble, and be much obliged. RESPECTED FRIEND— Through inadvertance, I neglected to retain a copy of the letter I wrote to the monthly meeting, requesting a dismission therefrom. Since the disposal of that business by the meeting, I have been called on by several friends for a sight or hearing of that communication, they having, as they say, been refused that by the monthly meeting. If thou wilt be so kind as to forward me a copy, I will pay thee for thy trouble, and be much obliged. I would likewise inform thee, that I should like to have a copy of the report of the committee who visited me on the subject of that communication, and which was adopted by the meeting. I would likewise inform thee, that I should like to have a copy of the report of the committee who visited me on the subject of that communication, and which was adopted by the meeting. Thy friend, Thy friend, PELEG CLARKE. PELEG CLARKE. To the above, I have received no answer as yet, although the note, as I am informed, was received by the person to whom it was addressed. I have since been informed, verbally, that the documents in question were not in the possession of the clerk, but were put into the hands of another person who keeps the records. I must confess, I did not understand it; but so I was informed, and I asked no questions. To the above, I have received no answer as yet, although the note, as I am informed, was received by the person to whom it was addressed. I have since been informed, verbally, that the documents in question were not in the possession of the clerk, but were put into the hands of another person who keeps the records. I must confess, I did not understand it; but so I was informed, and I asked no questions. Now, if thou shouldst think the publication of the above facts will have any beneficial effect upon the cause in which we are engaged, which I believe is the cause of God and humanity, they are at thy service. I can truly say, I have no personal feelings to gratify in their publication; I should rather they should be withhold, if they were not called for by the exigencies of the times. Now, if thou shouldst think the publication of the above facts will have any beneficial effect upon the cause in which we are engaged, which I believe is the cause of God and humanity, they are at thy service. I can truly say, I have no personal feelings to gratify in their publication; I should rather they should be withhold, if they were not called for by the exigencies of the times. Thy friend, Thy friend, PELEG CLARKE. PELEG CLARKE. Coventry, 1st mo. 23d, 1842. Coventry, 1st mo. 23d, 1842. 

 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Mr. Barnard of New-York, presented a petition from 33 citizens of Williamsburgh, Kings county, N.Y., which, he stated, from the appearance of the signatures, he could not doubt was signed by persons of respectability and education. The autographs would compare favorably with those attached to the Declaration of Independence. He was sorry that such signatures had been sent to the prayer contained in this petition. Mr. Barnard of New-York, presented a petition from 33 citizens of Williamsburgh, Kings county, N.Y., which, he stated, from the appearance of the signatures, he could not doubt was signed by persons of respectability and education. The autographs would compare favorably with those attached to the Declaration of Independence. He was sorry that such signatures had been sent to the prayer contained in this petition. The petitioners set forth, in a very intelligent manner, a variety of grievances, as wrongs suffered by the North, for a long series of years, at the hands of this House, and of this government, which they specify; and among them, particularly the wrong done by the adoption of the 21st rule of the House, and by which the sacred right of petition has been sacrificed. The petitioners set forth, in a very intelligent manner, a variety of grievances, as wrongs suffered by the North, for a long series of years, at the hands of this House, and of this government, which they specify; and among them, particularly the wrong done by the adoption of the 21st rule of the House, and by which the sacred right of petition has been sacrificed. The prayer of the petition is in the alternative: 1st. That the wrongs recited by them may be redressed, and especially that in regard to the right of petition; or 2d. That Congress would take measures for a peaceable dissolution of the Union. The prayer of the petition is in the alternative alternative : 1st. That the wrongs recited by them may be redressed, and especially that in regard to the right of petition; or 2d. That Congress would take measures for a peaceable dissolution of the Union. Mr. Barnard asked that the petition should be referred to a select committee, with instructions to report to the House, a resolution to the effect that the House ought not to consider, except for the purpose of promptly rejecting, any proposition which looks to the dissolution of the Union of these States, with reasons therefor. Mr. Barnard asked that the petition should be referred to a select committee, with instructions to report to the House, a resolution to the effect that the House ought not to consider, except for the purpose of promptly rejecting, any proposition which looks to the dissolution of the Union of these States, with reasons therefor. Also, to report a resolution to rescind the rule of this House which forbids the petitions on certain subjects named therein to be received by the House, or entertained in any way whatever. Also, to report a resolution to rescind the rule of this House which forbids the petitions on certain subjects named therein to be received by the House, or entertained in any way whatever. Also, to report to this House what further grievances, within the cognizance and power of this House or of Congress, in whatever quarter originating, and by whatever motive or interest the same may have been prompted, which have a tendency 'to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts;' and that the committee report what action, if any, of this House, or of Congress is necessary, on the subject of any such grievances. Also, to report to this House what further grievances, within the cognizance and power of this House or of Congress, in whatever quarter originating, and by whatever motive or interest the same may have been prompted, which have a tendency 'to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts;' and that the committee report what action, if any, of this House, or of Congress is necessary, on the subject of any such grievances. This of course roused the southerners, who tried to prevent the reception of the petition; but after some discussion on points of order, it was laid over for debate. Mr. Barnard's instructions are said to have been drawn up with so much caution and skill, that it will be hard to get over them. Another petition for 'peaceable dissolution,' was presented by Mr. Morgan of New-York. This of course roused the southerners, who tried to prevent the reception of the petition; but after some discussion on points of order, it was laid over for debate. Mr. Barnard's instructions are said to have been drawn up with so much caution and skill, that it will be hard to get over them. Another petition for 'peaceable dissolution,' was presented by Mr. Morgan of New-York. On the same day, Mr. Arnold of Tennessee, presented a petition from forty freemen and citizens of Buckingham county, Virginia; the southeast corner of the State, and on the seaboard, which produced, as the French would say, 'a profound sensation.'— The petitioners pray Congress to censure or reprimand 'the gentleman from Accomac,' Mr. Wise, and also Mr. T.F. Marshall; the former 'for flagrantly wasting the time of Congress, in giving rise to a debate, which, settled in any way, can be of no public utility;' the latter 'for endeavoring to propagate the doctrine in Congress, that no set of men have a right to petition Congress for that which Congress have no right to . . . say, 'justly deserves, and should receive, the censure of every man that believes that the people can govern themselves.' On the same day, Mr. Arnold of Tennessee, presented a petition from forty freemen and citizens of Buckingham county, Virginia; the southeast corner of the State, and on the seaboard, which produced, as the French would say, 'a profound sensation.'— The petitioners pray Congress to censure or reprimand 'the gentleman from Accomac,' Mr. Wise, and also Mr. T.F. Marshall; the former 'for flagrantly wasting the time of Congress, in giving rise to a debate, which, settled in any any way, can be of no public utility;' the latter 'for endeavoring to propagate the doctrine in Congress, that no set of men have a right to petition Congress for that which Congress have no right to . . . say, 'justly deserves, and should receive, the censure of every man that believes that the people can govern themselves.' They further state 'that, in their opinion, Congress should waste no time in listening to one of its members calling another 'blackguard, liar, traitor,' &c. because such bandying epithets, such outbreaks of passion, are, in their judgment, disgraceful, absolutely highly disgraceful, not only to the members directly concerned, but to the United States as a nation.' The petitioners also respectfully ask that J.Q. Adams be also censured, with Mr. Wise and Mr. Marshall, 'for using expressions towards each other, not only highly disgraceful to themselves as citizens, but greatly derogatory to the honorable body of which they are members.' They declare it to be their opinion that, 'any portion of the people of the United States, however small, has a right to petition Congress for the redress of ANY grievance which they may consider as such; and that the Hon. J.Q. Adams, in presenting the Haverhill petition for the dissolution of the Union, has not incurred, nor should he receive any censure from your honorable body; though they are pained to know that any portion of the people desire a dissolution of the Union.' That 'in their opinion, the people are as good judges of what they should or should not petition for, as their representatives are— as they are of the qualifications of candidates for any office in their gift; and that the doctrine that no person or persons have a right to petition for any thing which Congress has not the constitutional power to grant,' is highly anti-democratic, and thoroughly alien to the spirit and genius of our institutions; as in effect it goes to declare that the people are incapable of understanding their rights, and of consulting their own constitution.' They further state 'that, in their opinion, Congress should waste no time in listening to one of its members calling another 'blackguard, liar, traitor,' &c. because such bandying epithets, such outbreaks of passion, are, in their judgment, disgraceful, absolutely highly disgraceful, highly disgraceful, not only to the members directly concerned, but to the United States as a nation.' The petitioners also respectfully ask that J.Q. Adams be also censured, with Mr. Wise and Mr. Marshall, 'for using expressions towards each other, not only highly disgraceful to themselves as citizens, but greatly derogatory to the honorable body of which they are members.' They declare it to be their opinion that, 'any portion of the people of the United States, however small, has a right to petition Congress for the redress of ANY grievance which they may consider as such; and that the Hon. J.Q. Adams, in presenting the Haverhill petition for the dissolution of the Union, has not incurred, nor should he receive any censure from your honorable body; though they are pained to know that any portion of the people desire a dissolution of the Union.' That 'in their opinion, the people are as good judges of what they should or should not petition for, as their representatives are— as they are of the qualifications of candidates for any office in their gift; and that the doctrine that no person or persons have a right to petition for any thing which Congress has not the constitutional power to grant,' is highly anti-democratic, and thoroughly alien to the spirit and genius of our institutions; as in effect it goes to declare that the people are incapable of understanding their rights, and of consulting their own constitution.' This document was strongly but somewhat awkwardly expressed, and was received with a good deal of laughter. The southern members listened to it with serious and angry countenances. The question of reception was raised, and laid on the table without clamor. This document was strongly but somewhat awkwardly expressed, and was received with a good deal of laughter. The southern members listened to it with serious and angry countenances. The question of reception was raised, and laid on the table without clamor. W.B. Campbell presented resolutions adopted by the Legislature of Tennessee, similar to those lately adopted by the Legislature of Alabama, praying for the immediate admission of Texas into the Union.— On motion of Mr. C.H. Williams, they were referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed. The same subject is now before the Legislature of Virginia. It will be observed that all petitions against the admission of Texas, have been rejected; but resolutions in favor of the measure are received, and referred to a committee!! W.B. Campbell presented resolutions adopted by the Legislature of Tennessee, similar to those lately adopted by the Legislature of Alabama, praying for the immediate admission of Texas into the Union.— On motion of Mr. C.H. Williams, they were referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed. The same subject is now before the Legislature of Virginia. It will be observed that all petitions against the admission of Texas, have been rejected; but resolutions in favor of the measure are received, and referred to a committee!! 

 FRIED GARRISON: FRIED GARRISON: Six or eight months age, a few individuals in this place, feeling desirous to forward the cause of the slave, commenced a Tuesday evening anti-slavery prayer meeting, which has been kept up, with the exception of the weak that the monthly concert came for the slave, which has been appointed by the church, although chiefly kept up by the same persons. Six or eight months age, a few individuals in this place, feeling desirous to forward the cause of the slave, commenced a Tuesday evening anti-slavery prayer meeting, which has been kept up, with the exception of the weak that the monthly concert came for the slave, which has been appointed by the church, although chiefly kept up by the same persons. About four weeks ago, there being came more feeling on the subject of religion than usual, the number on Tuesday evening was increased more than three fourths; not so much on the part of the church, however, as others. At this time, there had been two persons who had expressed a change of feelings, and many others felt that all was not right with them. The meeting was opened, and a prayer offered, when one of those who had expressed a change of feelings (a colored person) arose and addressed the meeting on the subject of slavery, and others also; while the object of the meeting was eagerly opposed by brother N.P. Ford, who had not attended the meeting for three or four months before— declaring (in substance) that the anti-slavery subject ought not to be brought up; and that it would grieve away the spirit of God, and divert the mind from the subject of religion. One or two others expressed similar views, and being grieved, left the house. After which, (touching the remarks that had been made,) it was said, if there was any thing too unholy in the gospel of Christ to lay before the inquiring mind, it ought to be torn out and given to the flames, &c. Before the close of the meeting, brother N.P. Ford said that the meeting, next Tuesday evening, would be at his house; when a brother arose and asked him if he should attend, and feel called upon by Almighty God to speak or pray for the redemption of two millions and a half of suffering slaves, whether he could have the privilege to obey him? After a pause, an answer was again called for; when he said the meeting would be for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit; and soon after, in a low tone, he remarked that he thought we ought always to remember them in our prayers. About four weeks ago, there being came more feeling on the subject of religion than usual, the number on Tuesday evening was increased more than three fourths; not so much on the part of the church, however, as others. At this time, there had been two persons who had expressed a change of feelings, and many others felt that all was not right with them. The meeting was opened, and a prayer offered, when one of those who had expressed a change of feelings (a colored person) arose and addressed the meeting on the subject of slavery, and others also; while the object of the meeting was eagerly opposed by brother N.P. Ford, who had not attended the meeting for three or four months before— declaring (in substance) that the anti-slavery subject ought not to be brought up; and that it would grieve away the spirit of God, and divert the mind from the subject of religion. One or two others expressed similar views, and being grieved, left the house. After which, (touching the remarks that had been made,) it was said, if there was any thing too unholy in the gospel of Christ to lay before the inquiring mind, it ought to be torn out and given to the flames, &c. Before the close of the meeting, brother N.P. Ford said that the meeting, next Tuesday evening, would be at his house; when a brother arose and asked him if he should attend, and feel called upon by Almighty God to speak or pray for the redemption of two millions and a half of suffering slaves, whether he could have the privilege to obey him? After a pause, an answer was again called for; when he said the meeting would be for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit; and soon after, in a low tone, he remarked that he thought we ought always to remember them in our prayers. The next anti-slavery meeting was appointed elsewhere, when fifteen or sixteen of those present expressed an interest in the prayers of those who felt to pray for them. At this time, brother N.P. Ford and some others left the house; after which, a few oral prayers were offered in their behalf, and there seemed to be a deep feeling on the part of most present. One of the number expressed a change of feelings that evening, and two or three more before the rising of the morning sun. Thus we see that it takes something more unholy than a true anti-slavery spirit, to grieve away the spirit of God; and although pro-slavery men and women oppose and flee from before such a spirit, we have the assurance that God delights to dwell with those who fear him and work righteousness. The next anti-slavery meeting was appointed elsewhere, when fifteen or sixteen of those present expressed an interest in the prayers of those who felt to pray for them. At this time, brother N.P. Ford and some others left the house; after which, a few oral prayers were offered in their behalf, and there seemed to be a deep feeling on the part of most present. One of the number expressed a change of feelings that evening, and two or three more before the rising of the morning sun. Thus we see that it takes something more unholy than a true anti-slavery spirit, to grieve away the spirit of God; and although pro-slavery men and women oppose and flee from before such a spirit, we have the assurance that God delights to dwell with those who fear him and work righteousness. Notwithstanding the church has set aside the anti-slavery concert, and uses its influence to prevent anti-slavery discussions; and notwithstanding there are some of the leading members of the church, whom we never have heard offer one petition to Heaven for the deliverance of the slave, there are many of the babes in Christ, who feel deeply interested in their behalf. Though the meeting appointed by the church for last Tuesday evening, was held within forty rods of the anti-slavery meeting, which was previously appointed, out of the twenty-three who had expressed a change of feelings in the neighborhood of the meetings, fifteen were at the little despised anti-slavery meeting, which was deeply interesting. Notwithstanding the church has set aside the anti-slavery concert, and uses its influence to prevent anti-slavery discussions; and notwithstanding there are some of the leading members of the church, whom we never have heard offer one petition to Heaven for the deliverance of the slave, there are many of the babes in Christ, who feel deeply interested in their behalf. Though the meeting appointed by the church for last Tuesday evening, was held within forty rods of the anti-slavery meeting, which was previously appointed, out of the twenty-three who had expressed a change of feelings in the neighborhood of the meetings, fifteen were at the little despised anti-slavery meeting, which was deeply interesting. We lay these facts before the public, hoping they may have a tendency to do away with the unchristian and ungodly idea of the professed church, that pleading the cause of the slave will grieve away the spirit of Christ; and hoping to encourage our anti-slavery friends, who are connected with the professed church, or otherwise, to take a consistent course in their behalf; remembering when they fast, that the fast which the Lord has chosen is, 'to loose the bands of wickedness, undo the heavy burdens, and let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke, and bring the poor which are cast out into thy house.' We lay these facts before the public, hoping they may have a tendency to do away with the unchristian and ungodly idea of the professed church, that pleading the cause of the slave will grieve away the spirit of Christ; and hoping to encourage our anti-slavery friends, who are connected with the professed church, or otherwise, to take a consistent course in their behalf; remembering when they fast, that the fast which the Lord has chosen is, 'to loose the bands of wickedness, undo the heavy burdens, and let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke, and bring the poor which are cast out into thy house.' The undersigned are all acknowledged members of the aforesaid church. The undersigned are all acknowledged members of the aforesaid church. Yours, in the cause of the slave, Yours, in the cause of the slave, SOLOMON FORD, SOLOMON FORD, LYDIA FORD, LYDIA FORD, LUCY G. FORD, LUCY G. FORD, WM. JONES, WM. JONES, LEWIS FORD. LEWIS FORD. North Abington, March 18, 1842. North Abington, March 18, 1842. 

 Mr. Giddings, after some remarks, called the attention of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means to an item of expenditure in the Blue Book, which was $30,00, which was for advertising in the newspapers 'compensation for slaves,' and asked if he could explain that item. Mr. Giddings, after some remarks, called the attention of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means to an item of expenditure in the Blue Book, which was $30,00, which was for advertising in the newspapers 'compensation for slaves,' and asked if he could explain that item. Mr. Fillmore had no knowledge of it. The Committee of Ways and Means had not the Blue Book before them in their investigations. Mr. Fillmore had no knowledge of it. The Committee of Ways and Means had not the Blue Book before them in their investigations. Mr. Giddings did not expect, when he made the inquiry, that the chairman would be able to answer him. He would, therefore, as he did not intend to occupy the floor long, explain that item to the committee, and would now read an amendment he intended to offer before he sat down. Mr. Giddings did not expect, when he made the inquiry, that the chairman would be able to answer him. He would, therefore, as he did not intend to occupy the floor long, explain that item to the committee, and would now read an amendment he intended to offer before he sat down. The Chair said that no amendment would be then in order, there being two amendments pending. The Chair said that no amendment would be then in order, there being two amendments pending. Mr. Giddings said that he would then go on and submit to the consideration of the House an analysis of a speech he intended to prepare for publication in a more extended form. He would explain to the committee, that, having his attention called to this item by one of his friends, he was under the necessity of calling at the State Department, to ascertain what it was, and he there learned that it was a notice to claimants for slaves which were on board the brigs Comet and Encomium, and which were liberated by the British authorities of Jamaica. Now he said, this was taking the funds of the general government, collected by taxation from the people of the United States, and appropriating them to the support of slavery, which he regarded as unconstitutional. Mr. Giddings said that he would then go on and submit to the consideration of the House an analysis of a speech he intended to prepare for publication in a more extended form. He would explain to the committee, that, having his attention called to this item by one of his friends, he was under the necessity of calling at the State Department, to ascertain what it was, and he there learned that it was a notice to claimants for slaves which were on board the brigs Comet and Encomium, and which were liberated by the British authorities of Jamaica. Now he said, this was taking the funds of the general government, collected by taxation from the people of the United States, and appropriating them to the support of slavery, which he regarded as unconstitutional. Mr. Tripplett called the gentleman to order. Mr. Tripplett called the gentleman to order. The Chair (Mr. Briggs) decided that the gentleman was in order. He was objecting to an appropriation on the ground that the Department of State might apply it in a certain way. The Chair (Mr. Briggs) decided that the gentleman was in order. He was objecting to an appropriation on the ground that the Department of State might apply it in a certain way. Mr. Giddings said it was foreign from his purpose to excite an angry debate on this subject, but he felt it his duty to those he represented to bring this subject to the notice of the House. Mr. G. then went back to the formation of the Government, considered the objects for which the Constitution was framed, and adverted to the feelings and opinions of the several States at that time on the subject of slavery. Mr. Giddings said it was foreign from his purpose to excite an angry debate on this subject, but he felt it his duty to those he represented to bring this subject to the notice of the House. Mr. G. then went back to the formation of the Government, considered the objects for which the Constitution was framed, and adverted to the feelings and opinions of the several States at that time on the subject of slavery. The Chair then called him to order for irrelevancy. The Chair then called him to order for irrelevancy. Messrs, Butler, Holmes, and others wished the Chair to permit the gentleman to proceed— a number of gentlemen at the same time rising to order. Messrs, Butler, Holmes, and others wished the Chair to permit the gentleman to proceed— a number of gentlemen at the same time rising to order. Order having been restored. Order having been restored. Mr. Giddings said he was contending that to take the funds of the nation to aid in the recapture of slaves, who had escaped from a slave State, was unconstitutional, and was never contemplated by those who framed the Constitution— Mr. Giddings said he was contending that to take the funds of the nation to aid in the recapture of slaves, who had escaped from a slave State, was unconstitutional, and was never contemplated by those who framed the Constitution— Mr. Habersham called the gentleman to order. Mr. Habersham called the gentleman to order. The Chair decided that he was in order. The Chair decided that he was in order. Mr. Triplett stated the facts, and recapitulated the course of argument of the gentleman from Ohio to show that he was out of order; and Mr. Triplett stated the facts, and recapitulated the course of argument of the gentleman from Ohio to show that he was out of order; and Mr. Turney appealed from the decision of the Chair. The only point he desired to mention was that the gentleman from Ohio, made a false statement of fact, under color of which he might discuss the question of slavery, which was not before the House. The decision of the Chair was therefore incorrect, and he appealed from it. Mr. Turney appealed from the decision of the Chair. The only point he desired to mention was that the gentleman from Ohio, made a false statement of fact, under color of which he might discuss the question of slavery, which was not before the House. The decision of the Chair was therefore incorrect, and he appealed from it. Mr. Proffit expressed the opinion that the gentleman was in order, and should be allowed to proceed. He considered his remarks only as a peculiar attack on the Administration from a peculiar portion of the opposition. Mr. Proffit expressed the opinion that the gentleman was in order, and should be allowed to proceed. He considered his remarks only as a peculiar attack on the Administration from a peculiar portion of the opposition. Mr. Gordon contended that the gentleman from Ohio had no right to charge the Secretary of State with a design to make an unconstitutional application of the public money, for the purpose of making an abolition speech on it. Mr. Gordon contended that the gentleman from Ohio had no right to charge the Secretary of State with a design to make an unconstitutional application of the public money, for the purpose of making an abolition speech on it. Mr. Holmes concurred with the Chair, that the gentleman had a right to give, as his reasons for voting to strike out a contingent appropriation, that the money might be applied in a certain way. He now, however, rose to a point of order, that he deemed conclusive. The gentleman predicated his argument, according to his own assertion, upon an application by the Secretary of State, of a certain sum of money for advertising to claimants who were entitled to the indemnity awarded for the slaves that had been taken from them by the British Government, under a treaty. The gentleman contended, and the Chair decided, that he had a right to proceed, because he was objecting to the unconstitutionality of the expenditure. That, said Mr. H. is not the true question. The question was, whether the gentleman, while an appropriation bill was under consideration, had a right to discuss the constitutionality of a treaty; for if the treaty was correct, the expenditure followed as a natural consequence of it. Mr. Holmes concurred with the Chair, that the gentleman had a right to give, as his reasons for voting to strike out a contingent appropriation, that the money might be applied in a certain way. He now, however, rose to a point of order, that he deemed conclusive. The gentleman predicated his argument, according to his own assertion, upon an application by the Secretary of State, of a certain sum of money for advertising to claimants who were entitled to the indemnity awarded for the slaves that had been taken from them by the British Government, under a treaty. The gentleman contended, and the Chair decided, that he had a right to proceed, because he was objecting to the unconstitutionality of the expenditure. That, said Mr. H. is not the true question. The question was, whether the gentleman, while an appropriation bill was under consideration, had a right to discuss the constitutionality of a treaty; for if the treaty was correct, the expenditure followed as a natural consequence of it. After some remarks from Messrs. Chapman, Giddings, Wise, and Cushing, After some remarks from Messrs. Chapman, Giddings, Wise, and Cushing, Mr. Black said he had no doubt but it was the intention of the gentleman from Ohio, to go into an argument to traduce the institutions of the South. Mr. Black said he had no doubt but it was the intention of the gentleman from Ohio, to go into an argument to traduce the institutions of the South. The Chair called Mr. B. to order. The Chair called Mr. B. to order. Mr. Black rose to ask this question. If the House should permit the gentleman from Ohio, to go on to make an abolition speech on this question, would it then be permitted to the gentlemen from the South to answer him? Mr. Black rose to ask this question. If the House should permit the gentleman from Ohio, to go on to make an abolition speech on this question, would it then be permitted to the gentlemen from the South to answer him? The Chair had no doubt but that it would. The Chair had no doubt but that it would. Mr. Black expressed himself satisfied, and he would avail himself of the privilege. Mr. Black expressed himself satisfied, and he would avail himself of the privilege. Mr. Cooper of Georgia, rose and made some remarks, which were inaudible, from the repeated calls to order that were made. He was understood to ask permission to read something he held in his hand.— (Loud cries of order, order.) Mr. C. wished to remark that the course that was pursued here and in many parts of the country, was most deleterious to the best interests of the country. To show the extent of the injury that was inflicted, he was going to read three or four lines only of a communication received from a gentleman who was one of the leading citizens of Georgia— one who was not a Democrat, not a Van Buren man, but one of the leading men of the State. (Cries of order, order.) Mr. C. then read as follows: 'Without a speedy change in our plan of legislation, our whole country will entertain feelings and opinions'— (here the noise was such that the Reporter lost the remainder of the sentence)— 'without a change of legislation, I am the open advocate of disunion, and will go for striking the first blow.' This, Mr. C. said, was from a Harrison man. Mr. Cooper of Georgia, rose and made some remarks, which were inaudible, from the repeated calls to order that were made. He was understood to ask permission to read something he held in his hand.— (Loud cries of order, order.) Mr. C. wished to remark that the course that was pursued here and in many parts of the country, was most deleterious to the best interests of the country. To show the extent of the injury that was inflicted, he was going to read three or four lines only of a communication received from a gentleman who was one of the leading citizens of Georgia— one who was not a Democrat, not a Van Buren man, but one of the leading men of the State. (Cries of order, order.) Mr. C. then read as follows: 'Without a speedy change in our plan of legislation, our whole country will entertain feelings and opinions'— (here the noise was such that the Reporter lost the remainder of the sentence)— 'without a change of legislation, I am the open advocate of disunion, and will go for striking the first blow.' This, Mr. C. said, was from a Harrison man. The question was then taken on the appeal, and the decision of the Chair was sustained— ayes 75, noes 41. The question was then taken on the appeal, and the decision of the Chair was sustained— ayes 75, noes 41. No quorum voting— No quorum voting— Mr. Fillmore appealed to his friend from Ohio to forego his amendment, and suffer the business to go on. It was a mere abstraction the gentleman was aiming at. Mr. Fillmore appealed to his friend from Ohio to forego his amendment, and suffer the business to go on. It was a mere abstraction the gentleman was aiming at. Several voices, 'He has no amendment.' Several voices, 'He has no amendment.' Mr. Giddings said he would proceed in order; and went on to argue that the several States of the Union, in adopting the Constitution, had never delegated to the Federal Government the right to tax the free States for the purpose of aiding slavery at the South. Mr. Giddings said he would proceed in order; and went on to argue that the several States of the Union, in adopting the Constitution, had never delegated to the Federal Government the right to tax the free States for the purpose of aiding slavery at the South. The Chair called the gentleman to order, and observed that his decision did not authorize an argument of this nature. The Chair called the gentleman to order, and observed that his decision did not authorize an argument of this nature. 

 MR. GARRISON: MR. GARRISON: Although much has been said and written, in regard to the evil influence of sectarianism, and its hindrance to the onward progress of the cause of humanity; yet too flagrant an instance of its baneful effect has recently transpired in this region, to be suffered to pass without animadversion. Although much has been said and written, in regard to the evil influence of sectarianism, and its hindrance to the onward progress of the cause of humanity; yet too flagrant an instance of its baneful effect has recently transpired in this region, to be suffered to pass without animadversion. When a professedly Christian Church, which, several years since, unanimously resolved never to fellowship or commune with slaveholders, are so involved in the mist and fog of sectarian zeal as to receive to their embrace a christian brother from the State of Georgia, THE OWNER OF FOUR HUMAN BEINGS— to kneel with him in the social prayer meeting— to hear him vapor in exhortation upon the mint, annis and cummin part of christianity, neglecting the weightier matters of justice and mercy— and to unite around the communion table with one who makes merchandise of his fellow-men;— when, I say, such gross inconsistency is permitted to pass without the severest censure and condemnation, then are abolitionists traitors to their professions! When a professedly Christian Church, which, several years since, unanimously resolved never to fellowship or commune with slaveholders, are so involved in the mist and fog of sectarian zeal as to receive to their embrace a christian brother christian brother from the State of Georgia, THE OWNER OF FOUR HUMAN BEINGS— to kneel with him in the social prayer meeting— to hear him vapor in exhortation upon the mint, annis and cummin part of christianity, neglecting the weightier matters of justice and mercy— and to unite around the communion table with one who makes merchandise of his fellow-men;— when, I say, such gross inconsistency is permitted to pass without the severest censure and condemnation, then are abolitionists traitors to their professions! The only apology which is offered for this violation of principle, is based on a report that the individual in question has offered liberty to his slaves, but they could not be induced to accept the boon. But even this flimsy excuse is proved to be without foundation by the fact, that, in a private conversation with a member of the church, he avowed his willingness to give liberty to his slaves, whenever he becomes convinced that slaveholding is morally wrong!! The only apology which is offered for this violation of principle, is based on a report that the individual in question has offered liberty to his slaves, but they could not be induced to accept the boon. But even this flimsy excuse is proved to be without foundation by the fact, that, in a private conversation with a member of the church, he avowed his willingness to give liberty to his slaves, whenever he becomes convinced that slaveholding is morally wrong!! whenever he becomes convinced that slaveholding is morally wrong!! What shall be said, Mr. Editor, of the character of anti-slavery in this vicinity, where we have had line upon line, and precept upon precept inculcated— while revivals of religion are got up and continued by a pro-slavery clergyman, and a full-blooded, live slaveholder is received into the bosom of the church without rebuke! What shall be said, Mr. Editor, of the character of anti-slavery in this vicinity, where we have had line upon line, and precept upon precept inculcated— while revivals of religion are got up and continued by a pro-slavery clergyman, and a full-blooded, live slaveholder is received into the bosom of the church without rebuke! JUSTICE. JUSTICE. Kingston, March 22, 1842. Kingston, March 22, 1842. 

 When the State of Ohio was called, Mr. Giddings submitted the following resolutions: When the State of Ohio was called, Mr. Giddings submitted the following resolutions: Resolved, That prior to the adoption of the Federal Constitution, each of the several States composing this Union, exercised full and exclusive jurisdiction over the subject of slavery within its own territory, and possessed full power to continue or abolish it at pleasure. Resolved, That prior to the adoption of the Federal Constitution, each of the several States composing this Union, exercised full and exclusive jurisdiction over the subject of slavery within its own territory, and possessed full power to continue or abolish it at pleasure. Resolved, That by adopting the Constitution, no part of the aforesaid powers were delegated to the federal government, but were reserved by and still pertain to each of the several States. Resolved, That by adopting the Constitution, no part of the aforesaid powers were delegated to the federal government, but were reserved by and still pertain to each of the several States. Resolved, That, by the 8th section of the 1st article of the Constitution, each of the several States surrendered to the federal government all jurisdiction over the subjects of commerce and navigation upon the high seas. Resolved, That, by the 8th section of the 1st article of the Constitution, each of the several States surrendered to the federal government all jurisdiction over the subjects of commerce and navigation upon the high seas. Resolved, That slavery, being an abridgment of the natural rights of man, can exist only by force of positive municipal law, and is necessarily confined to the territorial jurisdiction of the power creating it. Resolved, That slavery, being an abridgment of the natural rights of man, can exist only by force of positive municipal law, positive municipal law, and is necessarily confined to the territorial jurisdiction of the power creating it. Resolved, That when a ship belonging to the citizens of any State of this Union, leaves the waters and territory of such State, and enters upon the high seas, the persons on board cease to be subject to the slave laws of such State, and thenceforth are governed in their relations to each other by, and are amenable to the laws of the United States. Resolved, That when a ship belonging to the citizens of any State of this Union, leaves the waters and territory of such State, and enters upon the high seas, the persons on board cease to be subject to the slave laws of such State, and thenceforth are governed in their relations to each other by, and are amenable to the laws of the United States. Resolved, That when the brig Creole, on her late passage for New-Orleans, left the territorial jurisdiction of Virginia, the slave laws of that State ceased to have jurisdiction over the persons on board said brig, and such persons became amenable only to the laws of the United States. Resolved, That when the brig Creole, on her late passage for New-Orleans, left the territorial jurisdiction of Virginia, the slave laws of that State ceased to have jurisdiction over the persons on board said brig, and such persons became amenable only to the laws of the United States. Resolved, That the persons on board said brig, in resuming their natural rights of personal liberty, violated no law of the United States, incurred no legal penalty, and are justly liable to no punishment. Resolved, That the persons on board said brig, in resuming their natural rights of personal liberty, violated no law of the United States, incurred no legal penalty, and are justly liable to no punishment. Resolved, That all attempts to regain possession of, or re-enslave said persons, are unauthorized by the Constitution or laws of the United States, and are incompatible with our national honor. Resolved, That all attempts to regain possession of, or re-enslave said persons, are unauthorized by the Constitution or laws of the United States, and are incompatible with our national honor. Resolved, That all attempts to exert our national influence in favor of the coastwise slave trade, or to place this nation in the attitude of maintaining a 'commerce in human beings,' are subversive of the rights and injurious to the feelings and the interests of the free States, and unauthorized by the Constitution, and prejudicial to our national character. Resolved, That all attempts to exert our national influence in favor of the coastwise slave trade, or to place this nation in the attitude of maintaining a 'commerce in human beings,' are subversive of the rights and injurious to the feelings and the interests of the free States, and unauthorized by the Constitution, and prejudicial to our national character. A motion was made to lay the resolutions on the table. A motion was made to lay the resolutions on the table. Mr. L.W. Andrews said he would like to have a direct vote on the resolutions. Mr. L.W. Andrews said he would like to have a direct vote on the resolutions. The yeas and nays were then ordered, and the motion to lay on the table was lost, yeas 52, nays 125. The yeas and nays were then ordered, and the motion to lay on the table was lost, yeas 52, nays 125. Mr. Ward moved the previous question, which was seconded. Mr. Ward moved the previous question, which was seconded. Mr. Holmes remarked, that there were some topics as sacred as certain places, where Mr. Holmes remarked, that there were some topics as sacred as certain places, where 'Fools rush in, where angels fear to tread' 'Fools rush in, where angels fear to tread' Mr. H. was proceeding when he was pronounced out of order. Mr. H. was proceeding when he was pronounced out of order. Mr. Stokely moved to refer the resolutions to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Mr. Stokely moved to refer the resolutions to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Speaker. Not in order. Speaker. Not in order. Mr. J. Campbell asked for the yeas and nays on the question, shall the main question now be put? which was ordered, and resulted as follows; yeas 122, nays 61. Mr. J. Campbell asked for the yeas and nays on the question, shall the main question now be put? which was ordered, and resulted as follows; yeas 122, nays 61. Mr. J.Q. Adams said he would like to have the question decided, for he would vote for some of the resolutions, and against others. Mr. J.Q. Adams said he would like to have the question decided, for he would vote for some of the resolutions, and against others. Mr. Everett asked to be excused from voting on this question, and assigned as a reason that the subject would come before the Committee on Foreign Relations, and he did not wish to commit himself until that Committee should report; he would, however, express his strong objection to the firebrand course pursued by the gentleman from Ohio on this floor. The House refused to excuse him. Mr. Everett asked to be excused from voting on this question, and assigned as a reason that the subject would come before the Committee on Foreign Relations, and he did not wish to commit himself until that Committee should report; he would, however, express his strong objection to the firebrand course pursued by the gentleman from Ohio on this floor. The House refused to excuse him. Mr. J.G. Floyd rose to ask to be excused from voting until he could see and read the resolutions; but withdrew his motion to be excused. Mr. J.G. Floyd rose to ask to be excused from voting until he could see and read the resolutions; but withdrew his motion to be excused. Mr. Fessenden asked to be excused, as the resolutions involved principles of great moment, which, at the short notice thus given, it was impossible he could vote understandingly upon them. Not excused. Mr. Fessenden asked to be excused, as the resolutions involved principles of great moment, which, at the short notice thus given, it was impossible he could vote understandingly upon them. Not excused. Mr. Cushing asked to be excused from voting on the resolutions, as they were British arguments of a treasonable pasture against this country, and such as would compel him to vote against them seriatim. He then withdrew his request. Mr. Cushing asked to be excused from voting on the resolutions, as they were British arguments of a treasonable pasture against this country, and such as would compel him to vote against them seriatim. He then withdrew his request. Mr. Giddings, after some discussion as to his right to do so, withdrew the resolutions. Mr. Giddings, after some discussion as to his right to do so, withdrew the resolutions. Mr. Botts then offered the following resolution: Mr. Botts then offered the following resolution: Whereas the Hon. Joshua R. Giddings, the member from the sixteenth Congressional District of the State of Ohio, has this day presented to the House a series of resolutions touching the most important interests connected with a large portion of the Union, now a subject of negotiation between the United States and Great Britain of the most delicate nature, the result of which may eventually involve those nations, and perhaps the whole civilized world in war; and whereas the duty of every good citizen, and particularly the duty of every selected agent and representative of the people, should discountenance all efforts to create excitement, dissatisfaction, and division among the people of the United States at such a time and under such circumstances, which is the only effect to be accomplished by the introduction of sentiments before the legislative body of the country, hostile to the grounds assumed by the high functionary having charge of this important and delicate trust; and whereas mutiny and murder are therein justified and approved in terms shocking to all sense of law, order, and humanity; therefore Whereas the Hon. Joshua R. Giddings, the member from the sixteenth Congressional District of the State of Ohio, has this day presented to the House a series of resolutions touching the most important interests connected with a large portion of the Union, now a subject of negotiation between the United States and Great Britain of the most delicate nature, the result of which may eventually involve those nations, and perhaps the whole civilized world in war; and whereas the duty of every good citizen, and particularly the duty of every selected agent and representative of the people, should discountenance all efforts to create excitement, dissatisfaction, and division among the people of the United States at such a time and under such circumstances, which is the only effect to be accomplished by the introduction of sentiments before the legislative body of the country, hostile to the grounds assumed by the high functionary having charge of this important and delicate trust; and whereas mutiny and murder are therein justified and approved in terms shocking to all sense of law, order, and humanity; therefore Resolved, That this House hold the conduct of the said member as altogether unwarranted and unwarrantable, and deserving the severe condemnation of the people of this country, and of this body in particular. Resolved, That this House hold the conduct of the said member as altogether unwarranted and unwarrantable, and deserving the severe condemnation of the people of this country, and of this body in particular. Mr. Botts was not in order, because the State of Virginia had already been called. He was obliged to move a suspension of rules, which, as it requires two-thirds, failed. Mr. Botts was not in order, because the State of Virginia had already been called. He was obliged to move a suspension of rules, which, as it requires two-thirds, failed. Mr. Weller offered a resolution, exactly similar to that of Mr. Botts, and moved the previous question. Mr. Weller offered a resolution, exactly similar to that of Mr. Botts, and moved the previous question. Mr. Linn moved that the House adjourn. Mr. Linn moved that the House adjourn. Mr. Wise asked for the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and resulted as follows: yeas 63, nays 111. So the House refused to adjourn. Mr. Wise asked for the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and resulted as follows: yeas 63, nays 111. So the House refused to adjourn. Mr. Giddings asked whether, if the previous question was sustained, he would be allowed to speak in his own defence. Mr. Giddings asked whether, if the previous question was sustained, he would be allowed to speak in his own defence. The Speaker decided that the gentleman could now proceed with his defence. The Speaker decided that the gentleman could now proceed with his defence. Mr. Giddings said he did not feel ready to go into his defence, and thought the House would not press him to do so unprepared, and moved to postpone it until Thursday week. Mr. Giddings said he did not feel ready to go into his defence, and thought the House would not press him to do so unprepared, and moved to postpone it until Thursday week. Mr. Wise objected to hearing the gentleman in his defence, and then shutting up the mouths of the accusers. The House was not now acting in a legislative, but a judicial tribunal, and he called upon it to adopt a Rule of Court to govern this case. Mr. Wise objected to hearing the gentleman in his defence, and then shutting up the mouths of the accusers. The House was not now acting in a legislative, but a judicial tribunal, and he called upon it to adopt a Rule of Court to govern this case. The question of postponement was discussed by Messrs. A.V. Brown, Arnold, and Shields. The question of postponement was discussed by Messrs. A.V. Brown, Arnold, and Shields. When Mr. Filmore rose to a question of order, and inquired if after the previous question had been moved, if others besides the delinquent would have a right to address the House. When Mr. Filmore rose to a question of order, and inquired if after the previous question had been moved, if others besides the delinquent would have a right to address the House. The Speaker decided that they would not, but that the previous question could not be entertained without cutting off the defence of the gentleman from Ohio. The Speaker decided that they would not, but that the previous question could not be entertained without cutting off the defence of the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. Filmore took an appeal from the decision of the Chair. Mr. Filmore took an appeal from the decision of the Chair. Before the question on the appeal was taken, Before the question on the appeal was taken, On motion of Mr. Turney, the House adjourned. On motion of Mr. Turney, the House adjourned. 

 FRIEND GARRISON: FRIEND GARRISON: All I have to say, touching the reply of brother N.P. Ford, of March 18, to my communication of Jan. 21, is, that when the accused (that is, the church or its officers) are ready to be responsible for it, I shall be ready to answer it in detail; otherwise, I esteem a reply of too little importance to take up the columns of the Liberator. All I have to say, touching the reply of brother N.P. Ford, of March 18, to my communication of Jan. 21, is, that when the accused (that is, the church or its officers) are ready to be responsible for it, I shall be ready to answer it in detail; otherwise, I esteem a reply of too little importance to take up the columns of the Liberator. Yours, in behalf of the slave, Yours, in behalf of the slave, LEWIS FORD. LEWIS FORD. North Abington, March 20, 1842. North Abington, March 20, 1842. 

 In the House, on Tuesday, the question of privilege came up as the first business in order. The Speaker stated that the first question would be on the appeal of the gentleman from New-York from a decision of the Chair, as to the operation of the previous question. The Speaker was of opinion that this was a privileged question, and was therefore taken out of the operation of the ordinary rules, and that the gentleman from Ohio was entitled to make his defence, and as the accusation was as broad as the defence, that other gentlemen would have the right to participate in the debate in reply. In the House, on Tuesday, the question of privilege came up as the first business in order. The Speaker stated that the first question would be on the appeal of the gentleman from New-York from a decision of the Chair, as to the operation of the previous question. The Speaker was of opinion that this was a privileged question, and was therefore taken out of the operation of the ordinary rules, and that the gentleman from Ohio was entitled to make his defence, and as the accusation was as broad as the defence, that other gentlemen would have the right to participate in the debate in reply. From this decision the appeal was taken, and the House was called upon to determine whether the opinion of the Chair should stand as the judgment of the House. The following was the result— ayes 64, noes 118. From this decision the appeal was taken, and the House was called upon to determine whether the opinion of the Chair should stand as the judgment of the House. The following was the result— ayes 64, noes 118. So the opinion of the Chair was reversed, and the House, by its decision, declared that the previous question would cut off the gentleman from Ohio from making a defence. So the opinion of the Chair was reversed, and the House, by its decision, declared that the previous question would cut off the gentleman from Ohio from making a defence. After much altercation, the question on the demand for the previous question was taken, and decided in the affirmative— yeas 77, nays 70. The main question was then decided in the affirmative— yeas 95, nays 91. A fresh altercation now arose, numerous questions of order were raised, and great confusion prevailed. Finally, a motion to act upon the resolution censuring Mr. Giddings, first, was adopted, and the question being taken, it was carried— 125 to 69! It was then taken on the preamble, and carried— 119 to 66!!— Mr. Giddings not having been permitted to open his lips in self-defence! After much altercation, the question on the demand for the previous question was taken, and decided in the affirmative— yeas 77, nays 70. The main question was then decided in the affirmative— yeas 95, nays 91. A fresh altercation now arose, numerous questions of order were raised, and great confusion prevailed. Finally, a motion to act upon the resolution censuring Mr. Giddings, first, first, was adopted, and the question being taken, it was carried— 125 to 69! It was then taken on the preamble, and carried— 119 to 66!!— Mr. Giddings not having been permitted to open his lips in self-defence! Mr. Giddings not having been permitted to open his lips in self-defence! As soon as the vote was announced, Mr. Giddings, with great calmness, gathered up his documents and papers, shook hands with Mr. Adams and other members, took his leave of the House, and the next morning sent in a letter containing his resignation as a member, and returned to his constituents. As soon as the vote was announced, Mr. Giddings, with great calmness, gathered up his documents and papers, shook hands with Mr. Adams and other members, took his leave of the House, and the next morning sent in a letter containing his resignation as a member, and returned to his constituents. 

 We copy the following characteristic article from the Salem Register: We copy the following characteristic article from the Salem Register: Messrs. Editors:— I noticed a short time since, an allusion in your paper to certain anti-slavery resolutions, of an infidel character, that were to be discussed at Andover. I am sorry you were not a little more definite in that statement— for I wish the public to understand that these resolutions emanated from the old organization, with whose principles the new organization have no more fellowship, than with the sentiments of Abner Kneeland. Messrs. Editors: Messrs. Editors: — I noticed a short time since, an allusion in your paper to certain anti-slavery resolutions, of an infidel character, that were to be discussed at Andover. I am sorry you were not a little more definite in that statement— for I wish the public to understand that these resolutions emanated from the old organization, old organization, with whose principles the new organization have no more fellowship, than with the sentiments of Abner Kneeland. Let it be understood, that the 'women's rights,' and 'no government' questions— and general denunciation of the clergy, church and Sabbath,— though done under the show of the anti-slavery flag, and under pretence of moral action alone— are undoubtedly aimed at the very foundation of all morals. Let it be understood, that the 'women's rights,' and 'no government' questions— and general denunciation of the clergy, church and Sabbath,— though done under the show of the anti-slavery flag, and under pretence of moral action alone— are undoubtedly aimed at the very foundation of all morals. A NEW ORGANIZATIONIST. A NEW ORGANIZATIONIST. 

 The conduct of the majority in the U.S. House of Representatives, in censuring a fellow member for differing in opinion from themselves— for, substantially, as Mr. Giddings says, the vote of censure is for nothing more— will awaken a deep feeling of indignation at their unjust and outrageous course.— Whatever may be thought of the correctness of the views advanced in the resolution of Mr. Giddings, or of the propriety or expediency of presenting them to the House, no one but a 'Northern man with southern feelings,' and hardly such an one, can believe that Mr. G. had not an unquestionable, and perfect constitutional right to offer them, without being liable to a formal censure, amounting to expulsion from the House. What! has it come to this, that a northern man shall not in respectful language, and in a proper manner, express his views on any subject, even though it be disagreeable to a portion of his fellow members, without subjecting himself to expulsion by the votes of southern slaveholders with the aid of their dough-faced allies of the North!— and that, too, without being permitted to exercise the right of speaking in his own defence! Are we to be forever subject to the tyranny of slavery? Are we to be governed by slavery, become involved in disputes with foreign governments for slavery, fight for slavery, the mouths of our Representatives be muzzled by slaveholders, and they themselves unjustly expelled from the National Legislature, by the despotic influence of slavery? Are slaveholders only to open their mouths on a subject which they themselves introduced into the House? Are the southerners mad, that they seem determined by their conduct to compel the whole mass of northern freemen to become abolitionists? If not, let them pause in their insane career. The long suffering of the North, has already been carried to its utmost verge of endurance. So far as the constitutional compact imposes upon us any alliance with slavery, we are ready to bear with it— but we will not be driven one jot farther. We will not have our mouths muzzled, our tongues tied, our Representatives insulted, our rights outraged with impunity. The conduct of the majority in the U.S. House of Representatives, in censuring a fellow member for differing in opinion from themselves— for, substantially, as Mr. Giddings says, the vote of censure is for nothing more— will awaken a deep feeling of indignation at their unjust and outrageous course.— Whatever may be thought of the correctness of the views advanced in the resolution of Mr. Giddings, or of the propriety or expediency of presenting them to the House, no one but a 'Northern man with southern feelings,' and hardly such an one, can believe that Mr. G. had not an unquestionable, and perfect constitutional right to offer them, without being liable to a formal censure, amounting to expulsion from the House. What! has it come to this, that a northern man shall not in respectful language, and in a proper manner, express his views on any subject, even though it be disagreeable to a portion of his fellow members, without subjecting himself to expulsion expulsion by the votes of southern slaveholders with the aid of their dough-faced allies of the North!— and that, too, without being permitted to exercise the right right of speaking in his own defence! Are we to be forever subject to the tyranny of slavery? Are we to be governed by slavery, become involved in disputes with foreign governments for slavery, fight for slavery, the mouths of our Representatives be muzzled by slaveholders, and they themselves unjustly expelled from the National Legislature, by the despotic influence of slavery? Are slaveholders only to open their mouths on a subject which they themselves introduced into the House? Are the southerners mad, that they seem determined by their conduct to compel compel the whole mass of northern freemen to become abolitionists? abolitionists? If not, let them pause in their insane career. The long suffering of the North, has already been carried to its utmost verge of endurance. So far as the constitutional compact imposes upon us any alliance with slavery, we are ready to bear with it— but we will not be driven one jot farther. We will not have our mouths muzzled, our tongues tied, our Representatives insulted, our rights outraged with impunity. Mr. Giddings has acted nobly in resigning and appealing to his constituents— and if they do not send him back by a unanimous vote, they are unworthy of the name of northern freemen. Censured, for such a reason, by men who can sustain duellists, brawlers, profane swearers, et. id genus omne, without blushing! Shame on such proceedings. With what face can Atherton and his New-England allies from Maine and New-Hampshire come back and meet their free constituents, after their disgraceful vote on this question? A shield of triple brass should not protect their craven hearts from the contempt and indignation which must lower upon them from the countenance of every freeman. Thank Heaven, MASSACHUSETTS knows no Representative base enough to succumb to southern tyranny in this matter. Parmenter, all praise to him for it, voted with his Whig colleagues, in resisting this unwarrantable invasion of constitutional rights. Mr. Giddings has acted nobly in resigning and appealing to his constituents— and if they do not send him back by a unanimous unanimous vote, they are unworthy of the name of northern freemen. Censured, for such a reason, by men who can sustain duellists, brawlers, profane swearers, et. id genus omne, et. id genus omne, without blushing! Shame on such proceedings. With what face can Atherton and his New-England allies from Maine and New-Hampshire come back and meet their free constituents, after their disgraceful vote on this question? A shield of triple brass should not protect their craven hearts from the contempt and indignation which must lower upon them from the countenance of every freeman. Thank Heaven, MASSACHUSETTS knows no Representative base enough to succumb to southern tyranny in this matter. Parmenter, all praise to him for it, voted with his Whig colleagues, in resisting this unwarrantable invasion of constitutional rights. . . . . . . 

 Reader, you are now to be treated with a little dash of poetry, from the Southern Whig, which is published in the city of Athens, in the county of Clarke, is the Commonwealth of Georgia. It is addressed to John Quincy Adams, and is, notwithstanding the mental abundance of this generation, a peerless specimen of cruel sarcasm. Reader, you are now to be treated with a little dash of poetry, from the Southern Whig, Southern Whig, which is published in the city of Athens, in the county of Clarke, is the Commonwealth of Georgia. It is addressed to John Quincy Adams, and is, notwithstanding the mental abundance of this generation, a peerless specimen of cruel sarcasm. 'Ah!— is disunion still a themeFor traitor hearts and hands to strive;That which is now our priceless gem,A thing like nought for these that driveThe peddling gew-gaws of the North?See what thy guilty designs do!Make thee the scorn of purer worth!In after years thy name will rueAn Arnold's fame.' 'Ah!— is disunion still a themeFor traitor hearts and hands to strive;That which is now our priceless gem,A thing like nought    for these that drive for these that drive   The peddling gew-gaws of the North? The peddling gew-gaws of the North? See what thy guilty designs do!Make thee the scorn of purer worth!In after years thy name will rueAn Arnold's fame.'     If such shafts of satire were not mercifully dipped in the medicine of poetry, mortal flesh would fall beneath the stroke. And such southern gentlemen reproach the pedlars of the North? We can bear it— that a scribbler, who is vulgar by instinct, and a transcendant fool by education, should class Adams with Arnold. If such shafts of satire were not mercifully dipped in the medicine of poetry, mortal flesh would fall beneath the stroke. And such such southern gentlemen reproach the pedlars of the North? pedlars of the North? We can bear it— that a scribbler, who is vulgar by instinct, and a transcendant fool by education, should class Adams with Arnold. There, Traitor! stand'st thou in that HallWith alternatives— only two:To free our slaves— defaulting— fall,Divide: and then Disunion rue!At Yankee will does Union stand?At Yankee will must Union fall?No, Traitor!!— doff thy haughty crest,Or soon quite low thy name is laid:A stain be on thy callous breast,Until the debt of nature's paid;And on thy tomb, the spectre, death,Sits brooding o'er thy civic wreath. There, Traitor! stand'st thou in that HallWith  alternatives alternatives — only two:To free our slaves— defaulting— fall,Divide: and then Disunion rue!At Yankee will does Union stand?At Yankee will must Union fall?No, Traitor!!— doff thy haughty crest,Or soon quite low thy name is laid:A stain be on thy callous breast,Until the debt of nature's paid;And on thy tomb, the spectre, death,Sits brooding o'er thy civic wreath.           Poetic satire is climacteric; it, gently lays hold upon a man— then strikes him down— and follows him, ere long, to his grave. Such a victim is the Ex-President! Poetic Poetic satire is climacteric; it, gently lays hold upon a man— then strikes him down— and follows him, ere long, to his grave. Such a victim is the Ex-President! There is a class of men, south of us, who are insolent, because it is their breeding, and ignorant, because they can't help it,— men who walk erect there, freemen and masters, but who, in this portion of the country, would be repelled from our gate-ways like the vile animals we shoot off as far as possible,— men who, by their lives, dishonor still further the clod of earth that bears the everlasting disgrace of being their birth-place, who live upon the fruits of our commerce and industry only to abuse our statesmen and our policy,— men whom our reproached pedlars would never trust, whom our ruffians would disdain to cudgel. And these fellows are, from day to day, admitted into the columns of the periodicals of the South.— Worcester AEgis. There is a class of men, south of us, who are insolent, because it is their breeding, and ignorant, because they can't help it,— men who walk erect there, freemen and masters, but who, in this portion of the country, would be repelled from our gate-ways like the vile animals we shoot off as far as possible,— men who, by their lives, dishonor still further the clod of earth that bears the everlasting disgrace of being their birth-place, who live upon the fruits of our commerce and industry only to abuse our statesmen and our policy,— men whom our reproached pedlars would never trust, whom our ruffians would disdain to cudgel. And these fellows are, from day to day, admitted into the columns of the periodicals of the South.— Worcester AEgis. Worcester AEgis. 

 Renunciation of the 'Liberty Party.' Renunciation of the 'Liberty Party.' GROTON, March 13th, 1842. GROTON, March 13th, 1842. DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: No task could be to me more unpleasant than that which I undertake, in writing this letter; for, in it I am to become, in the estimation of a multitude of those I fondly love, very inconsistent, if not utterly odious— An event none the less painful to me because the result of deliberate conviction, while it shall be the cause of censure and dislike, yet an event which that conviction will greatly assist me in meeting. No task could be to me more unpleasant than that which I undertake, in writing this letter; for, in it I am to become, in the estimation of a multitude of those I fondly love, very inconsistent, if not utterly odious— An event none the less painful to me because the result of deliberate conviction, while it shall be the cause of censure and dislike, yet an event which that conviction will greatly assist me in meeting. Against all my efforts to avoid it, I find myself at the present time, (as I have been for some weeks,) fully convinced that the 'Liberty Party' of the abolitionists is premature— that we can never succeed, to any great extent, in promoting abolition through the agency of that party, under its present auspices. I will give a few prominent reasons for this belief. Against all my efforts to avoid it, I find myself at the present time, (as I have been for some weeks,) fully convinced that the 'Liberty Party' of the abolitionists is premature premature — that we can never succeed, to any great extent, in promoting abolition through the agency of that party, under its present auspices. I will give a few prominent reasons for this belief. (1.) No political instrumentalities can secure such a reform as the anti-slavery revolution implies, while that reform is opposed by the christianity of the country. In order, therefore, to accomplish the work of political reform, it is necessary first to secure the reform of a christianity which opposes it. Instead of doing this, prior to the formation and support of an anti-slavery political party, the friends of that measure are endeavoring to carry forward the object in the midst of the people, while their religion is allowed to remain perverse and corrupt as it can be made to be by its connexion with the foulest system the earth ever bore upon its face— a system utterly irreconcilable with the principles of pure religion. Men will never be convinced of their duty, to any great extent, to engage in the anti slavery political reform as partisans, so long as the moral sentiment of the country is so low as it now is, and, while it shall remain under the influence of a pro-slavery, sectarian christianity, will continue to be, on the subject of slavery. The movement is, therefore, premature, in my opinion; and this was the objection I had at the start, and which I published in New-York, but which I yielded to the earnest argumentation of the friends of the movement. Every day of my life, however, confirms me in the opinion, that all we have done, or all that we may do in politics, while the sects control as they now do the great mass of the people, will be abortive. (1.) No political instrumentalities can secure such a reform as the anti-slavery revolution implies, while that reform is opposed by the christianity of the country. In order, therefore, to accomplish the work of political reform, political reform, it is necessary first to secure the reform of a christianity which opposes it. Instead of doing this, prior prior to the formation and support of an anti-slavery political party, the friends of that measure are endeavoring to carry forward the object in the midst of the people, while their religion is allowed to remain perverse and corrupt as it can be made to be by its connexion with the foulest system the earth ever bore upon its face— a system utterly irreconcilable with the principles of pure religion. Men will never be convinced of their duty, to any great extent, to engage in the anti slavery political reform as partisans, so long as the moral sentiment of the country is so low as it now is, and, while it shall remain under the influence of a pro-slavery, sectarian christianity, will continue to be, on the subject of slavery. The movement is, therefore, premature, in my opinion; and this was the objection I had at the start, and which I published in New-York, but which I yielded to the earnest earnest argumentation of the friends of the movement. Every day of my life, however, confirms me in the opinion, that all we have done, or all that we may do in politics, while the sects control as they now do the great mass of the people, will be abortive. (2) I am the more assured of the correctness of my views in the above remarks, from the course pursued by the friends of the Liberty party, in their efforts to induce the supporters of the two great political parties of the country to abjure and forsake them. It is the uniform practice of Liberty party men to call upon the whigs or loco focos to leave their respective parties, because those parties are PRO-SLAVERY. But these Liberty party men are far from calling upon the members of the sects to leave their alliances. Moreover, no man who will not leave his pro-slavery political party, is deemed fit to receive the votes of Liberty partisans. Yet a member of a pro-slavery sect may receive them without objection. Against this gross inconsistency, I have uttered my feeble protestation, but, as yet, in vain. And it is impossible for any man to be faithful and trust to the cause of the slave against the interests of the sects of this country, and enjoy the fellowship of a large portion of the members of the Liberty party. There are praiseworthy exceptions. There are men in New-York, who are members of the third party, who are aware of the gross absurdity of the course of those who make a distinction between the connexions of pro-slavery sects and pro-slavery political parties. Of this number, I am happy in naming such men as E.W. Goodwin, Editor of the Tocsin, Geo. Storrs and others, I might mention in Albany, and a few in other places. (2) I am the more assured of the correctness of my views in the above remarks, from the course pursued by the friends of the Liberty party, in their efforts to induce the supporters of the two great political parties of the country to abjure and forsake them. It is the uniform practice of Liberty party men to call upon the whigs or loco focos to leave leave their respective parties, because those parties are because those parties are PRO-SLAVERY. But these Liberty party men are far from calling upon the members of the sects to leave their their alliances. Moreover, no man who will not no man who will not leave his pro-slavery political party, is deemed fit to receive the votes of Liberty partisans. Yet a member of a pro-slavery sect sect may receive them without objection. without objection. Against this gross inconsistency, I have uttered my feeble protestation, but, as yet, in vain. And it is impossible for any man to be faithful and trust to the cause of the slave against the interests of the sects of this country, and enjoy the fellowship of a large portion of the members of the Liberty party. There are praiseworthy exceptions. There are men in New-York, who are members of the third party, who are aware of the gross absurdity of the course of those who make a distinction between the connexions of pro-slavery sects and pro-slavery political parties. Of this number, I am happy in naming such men as E.W. Goodwin, Editor of the Tocsin, Geo. Storrs and others, I might mention in Albany, and a few in other places. The conviction is every day augmented in my mind, that, if the belonging to a pro-slavery political party is a disqualification for the electoral suffrages of the people, then, surely, the belonging to the worst of all parties on earth, the sects of our country, is a more certain disqualification. My conviction is, that either connexion should be a sufficient reason for with holding votes from a man, unless there should be some peculiar redeeming circumstances in the case. The conviction is every day augmented in my mind, that, if the belonging to a pro-slavery political party is a disqualification for the electoral suffrages of the people, then, surely, the belonging to the worst of all parties on earth, the sects of our country, the sects of our country, is a more certain disqualification. My conviction is, that either either connexion should be a sufficient reason for with holding votes from a man, unless there should be some peculiar redeeming circumstances in the case. unless there should be some peculiar redeeming circumstances in the case. The Liberty party is exclusive upon false premises, because its exclusiveness is not of a general character. It, therefore, is the case, in many instances, that ministers, and others who will never do any thing morally for the conversion of the people to abolition, are, nevertheless, strong Liberty party politicians. But a few days before I left Albany, I had a debate with a minister of this character. He condemned my course most unequivocally— said that every word I wrote and published in the 'Tocsin,' condemnatory of the sects, because of their pro-slavery character, was injuring the cause, by 'prejudicing christians against the Liberty party.' He assured me he would not, on any account, preach upon the subject of slavery, or allow it to be introduced into 'his' congregation. And he said the movement of the third party was the very course that he would advise— and that it would be supported by many persons, of views like his own. The Liberty party is exclusive upon false premises, because its exclusiveness is not of a general character. It, therefore, is the case, in many instances, that ministers, and others who will never do any thing morally morally for the conversion of the people to abolition, are, nevertheless, strong Liberty party politicians. But a few days before I left Albany, I had a debate with a minister of this character. He condemned my course most unequivocally— said that every word I wrote and published in the 'Tocsin,' condemnatory of the sects, because of their pro-slavery character, was injuring the cause, by 'prejudicing christians against the Liberty party.' He assured me he would not, on any account, preach preach upon the subject of slavery, or allow it to be introduced into 'his' congregation. And he said the movement of the third party was the very course that he would advise— and that it would be supported by many persons, of views like his own. I reflected upon this development. Upon inquiry, I found several of like opinion: among some of them, were persons pledged to the support of the press. They expressed dissatisfaction with my course, in introducing the support given to slavery by this kind of sectarian abolition, into the paper I was then editing. I saw that they were not abolitionists at heart, and that, while they were opposing it practically, they were defending its existence morally! They permitted, unrebuked, that damning sin in the church, which was not fit to exist in politics! Thereby making the church the sanctifier of crime!! I reflected upon this development. Upon inquiry, I found several of like opinion: among some of them, were persons pledged to the support of the press. They expressed dissatisfaction with my course, in introducing the support given to slavery by this kind of sectarian abolition, into the paper I was then editing. I saw that they were not abolitionists at heart, and that, while they were opposing opposing it practically, practically, they were defending defending its existence morally morally ! They permitted, unrebuked, unrebuked, that damning sin in the church, in the church, which was not fit to exist in politics not fit to exist in politics ! Thereby making the church the sanctifier of crime!! I was often advised to let the sects alone: and because I would not, but rebuked the spirit of party, which was made the 'bond of iniquity,' I was contemned and counted a monomaniac. I felt, therefore, bound in spirit while I remained in the ranks of such abolitionists, believing, as I do, that no influences so detrimental to our holy cause exist, as those which make up and grow out of sectarianism. I was often advised to let the sects alone: and because I would not, but rebuked the spirit of party, which was made the 'bond of iniquity,' I was contemned and counted a monomaniac. I felt, therefore, bound in spirit while I remained in the ranks of such abolitionists, believing, as I do, that no influences so detrimental to our holy cause exist, as those which make up and grow out of sectarianism. I have no doubt at all that the clergy of the country are willing to belong to the third party, if they can do so without depreciating their influence over the people as sectarians. But, let them, see that they have got to go against all parties which are allied to slavery, and they will forsake us forever, as a general thing. I am exceedingly sorry to be completed to entertain and utter this sentiment, but must do do it, if I would be true to the cause of universal freedom. And whether it is true that the Liberty party, as such, is an anti-pro-slavery-sect-party, (as it should be,) or not, it is not so regarded by the sects, as is evident in the support given it by those who are sectarians. The silence of that party is, therefore, a detriment to the cause. It allows men to come into political ranks with 'consciences scared as with a hot iron' on the subject of human rights, and to remain in these parties with such scared consciences, as an apology for their anti-abolition. It allows those who will not open their mouths for the dumb in their pulpits, to pass along in the crowd with the reputation of being abolitionists, simply because they vote with the party. This course tends to corruption and defeat, by allowing unconverted pro-slavery men to enjoy the credit of abolition. I have no doubt at all that the clergy of the country are willing to belong to the third party, if they can do so without depreciating their influence over the people as sectarians. But, let them, see that they have got to go against all parties which are allied to slavery, and they will forsake us forever, as a general thing. I am exceedingly sorry to be completed to entertain and utter this sentiment, but must do do it, if I would be true to the cause of universal freedom. And whether it is true that the Liberty party, as such as such , is an anti-pro-slavery-sect-party, (as it should be,) or not, it is not so regarded by the sects, as is evident in the support given it by those who are sectarians. The silence of that party is, therefore, a detriment to the cause. It allows men to come into political ranks with 'consciences scared as with a hot iron' on the subject of human rights, and to remain in these parties with such scared consciences, as an apology for their anti-abolition. It allows those who will not open their mouths for the dumb in their pulpits, to pass along in the crowd with the reputation of being abolitionists, simply because they vote vote with the party. This course tends to corruption and defeat, by allowing unconverted unconverted pro-slavery men to enjoy the credit of abolition. (3.) It appears to me evident that we have not that hold of the consciences of the people necessary to success. And, so long as the precedents of such supporters of the cause as those who join our ranks, under the inducements of mere political triumphs, are regarded as favorable omens, or worthy of support, we shall fail of bringing the American people to that degree of devotion to the rights of man, requisite to the destruction of slavery. And, until the hearts of the people shall be filled with repentance in view of the wrongs inflicted upon the slave and upon humanity, we shall labor in vain. This event will never occur, until the professed church is converted to freedom; for, lamentable and disgraceful to our independence as it is, it is nevertheless true that the standard of American Christianity is diametrically opposed to human freedom. Indeed, the bottom principles of the christianity of the age in this country are selfishness and oppression. The destruction of the rights of conscience resulting from the domination of the clergy, and the enforcement of their unholy and ridiculous creeds, unturally lead to this state; and, consequently, the great mass of those who join the political parties, while they remain in the sects, are unprepared for thorough abolitionism. They will not rise higher in the cause as politicians than the standard of their religion. (3.) It appears to me evident that we have not that hold of the consciences of the people necessary to success. And, so long as the precedents of such supporters of the cause as those who join our ranks, under the inducements of mere political triumphs, are regarded as favorable omens, or worthy of support, we shall fail of bringing the American people to that degree of devotion to the rights of man, rights of man, requisite to the destruction of slavery. And, until the hearts of the people shall be filled with repentance in view of the wrongs inflicted upon the slave slave and upon humanity, humanity, we shall labor in vain. This event will never occur, until the professed church is converted to freedom; for, lamentable and disgraceful to our independence as it is, it is nevertheless true that the standard of American Christianity is diametrically opposed to human freedom. Indeed, the bottom principles of the christianity of the age in this country are selfishness selfishness and oppression. oppression. The destruction of the rights of conscience resulting from the domination of the clergy, and the enforcement of their unholy and ridiculous creeds, unturally lead to this state; and, consequently, the great mass of those who join the political parties, while they remain in the sects, while they remain in the sects, are unprepared for thorough abolitionism. They will not rise higher in the cause as politicians than the standard of their religion. They will not rise higher in the cause as politicians than the standard of their religion. I am driven to the conclusions to which I have come, by observation, and reason based upon the laws of reform. I feel no hostility to those who differ from me, nor would I willingly wound their feelings. But I shall feel compelled to exert my feeble influence against the extension of the false standard of abolition, which admits to fellowship in the holy ranks of freedom those who, while they profess to be the friends of the slave at the ballot-box, are his foes at the altar of prayer— in their pulpits and ecclesiastical courts. I am driven to the conclusions to which I have come, by observation, and reason based upon the laws of reform. I feel no hostility to those who differ from me, nor would I willingly wound their feelings. But I shall feel compelled to exert my feeble influence against the extension of the false standard of abolition, which admits to fellowship in the holy ranks of freedom those who, while they profess to be the friends of the slave at the ballot-box, are his foes at the altar of prayer— in their pulpits and ecclesiastical courts. With these briefremarks, I close. With these briefremarks, I close. Very truly, yours for freedom, Very truly, yours for freedom, J.N.T. TUCKER. J.N.T. TUCKER. P.S. I wish my friends to address me at this place, as it is my expectation to remain here awhile. P.S. I wish my friends to address me at this place, as it is my expectation to remain here awhile. 

 It has been remarked somewhere, that if a youth, in the heyday of his enthusiasm and high principles, were introduced to the same individual after seventy winters had bleached his head, the two would be perfect strangers to each other, nay, would be mutually repelled by a contrariety of looks, feelings and views; but this remark, though generally true, was contradicted in the example of him whose honored name heads this paragraph. Had James Forten of sixteen been introduced to James Forten of seventy-six, the two would not only have recognized each other, but would have rushed to a mutual and cordial embrace. The same manly look, the same elastic tread, the same virtuous sentiments, strengtliened and exemplified by a temperate, upright, and consistent mode of living, the same lofty and enthusiastic patriotism, would have glided into each other with that lovely harmony on which the soul loves to dwell, and from which it can drink in high and lasting evidence of the beautiful nature of Him who is the beauty of holiness. It has been remarked somewhere, that if a youth, in the heyday of his enthusiasm and high principles, were introduced to the same individual after seventy winters had bleached his head, the two would be perfect strangers to each other, nay, would be mutually repelled by a contrariety of looks, feelings and views; but this remark, though generally true, was contradicted in the example of him whose honored name heads this paragraph. Had James Forten of sixteen been introduced to James Forten of seventy-six, the two would not only have recognized each other, but would have rushed to a mutual and cordial embrace. The same manly look, the same elastic tread, the same virtuous sentiments, strengtliened and exemplified by a temperate, upright, and consistent mode of living, the same lofty and enthusiastic patriotism, would have glided into each other with that lovely harmony on which the soul loves to dwell, and from which it can drink in high and lasting evidence of the beautiful nature of Him who is the beauty of holiness. But consistency of character was not the highest merit of James Forten. He had the good fortune to become the impersonation of a principle, a noble and glorious principle, and the only novel one developed in the political history of the nineteenth century. This principle was, 'Where my country is, there shall liberty dwell.' This principle was embodied in the movement headed by Mr. Forten in 1820; for that anti-colonization meeting, over which he then presided, gave a tone to that consistent and united course of conduct which has since distinguished us. It was the great fact on which Garrison built a position from which he demolished the American Colonization Society.— Peoples' Press. But consistency of character was not the highest merit of James Forten. He had the good fortune to become the impersonation of a principle, a noble and glorious principle, and the only novel one developed in the political history of the nineteenth century. This principle was, 'Where my country is, there shall liberty dwell.' This principle was embodied in the movement headed by Mr. Forten in 1820; for that anti-colonization meeting, over which he then presided, gave a tone to that consistent and united course of conduct which has since distinguished us. It was the great fact on which Garrison built a position from which he demolished the American Colonization Society.— Peoples' Press. Peoples' Press. 

 DEAR GARRISON: DEAR GARRISON: I shall leave it for you to inform your readers, that our late anti-slavery meeting was very numerously attended, and that the spirit of the meeting was high-toried, &c. The following are the resolutions— all of which were passed without dissent— viz. I shall leave it for you to inform your readers, that our late anti-slavery meeting was very numerously attended, and that the spirit of the meeting was high-toried, &c. The following are the resolutions— all of which were passed without dissent— viz. The Case of the Creole. 1. Resolved, That if we are justly called upon to eulogize Washington and the patriots of the revolution, for encountering a seven years war to maintain their rights, much more are we bound to applaud the courage, the horoism of Madison Washington and his comrades on board the Creole, who, to obtain their liberty, threw off a yoke of oppression, 'one hour of which,' to use the language of Mr. Jefferson, 'was fraught with more misery than ages of that which our fathers rose in rebellion to oppose.' 1. Resolved, That if we are justly called upon to eulogize Washington and the patriots of the revolution, for encountering a seven years war to maintain their rights, much more are we bound to applaud the courage, the horoism of Madison Washington and his comrades on board the Creole, who, to obtain their liberty, threw off a yoke of oppression, 'one hour of which,' to use the language of Mr. Jefferson, 'was fraught with more misery than ages of that which our fathers rose in rebellion to oppose.' 2. Whereas the President of the United States and his cabinet, by their letter of instructions to the court of St. James, respecting 'the Creole,' have committed this country to a war with England, inasmuch as they have, in that despatch, taken a position from which there will be no room for our government to retreat, but with disgrace in the eyes of the nations— a position, however, in which Great Britain, without the abandonment of her well known policy, cannot acquiesce,— on every consideration of justice and moral right ought not to acquiesce,— and, from a regard to her own honor, surely will not acquiesce— 2. Whereas the President of the United States and his cabinet, by their letter of instructions to the court of St. James, respecting 'the Creole,' have committed this country to a war with England, inasmuch as they have, in that despatch, taken a position from which there will be no room for our government to retreat, but with disgrace in the eyes of the nations— a position, however, in which Great Britain, without the abandonment of her well known policy, cannot acquiesce,— on every consideration of justice and moral right ought not to acquiesce,— and, from a regard to her own honor, surely will not acquiesce— Resolved, That, under God, nothing but the thunder of the popular voice will save the freemen of this Union from the egregious inconsistency, the flagrant crime of fighting against liberty, for the perpetual right of tyrants over helpless slaves. Resolved, That, under God, nothing but the thunder of the popular voice will save the freemen of this Union from the egregious inconsistency, the flagrant crime of fighting against liberty, for the perpetual right of tyrants over helpless slaves. Therefore we do hereby call upon our fellow-citizens of the Old Colony of Massachusetts, of all the free States, to declare, in one accord with us, that if the horrid conflict does ensue, our government must expect no aid, no countenance from this quarter, but may be assured that we of the North shall do all that we may, by moral means, to discourage and paralyze those who would go to enforce the wrong. We will not fight, and we will dissuade others from fighting, for the protection of slavery or of the slave-trade, either foreign or domestic. Therefore we do hereby call upon our fellow-citizens of the Old Colony of Massachusetts, of all the free States, to declare, in one accord with us, that if the horrid conflict does ensue, our government must expect no aid, no countenance from this quarter, but may be assured that we of the North shall do all that we may, by moral means, to discourage and paralyze those who would go to enforce the wrong. We will not fight, and we will dissuade others from fighting, for the protection of slavery or of the slave-trade, either foreign or domestic. These resolutions elicited a very serious and animated debate. A number of gentlemen took part in it— the Hon. Seth Sprague of Duxbury, and Messrs. Davis of Hingham, Garrison of Boston, Bradburn of Nantucket, Davis of Gloucester, Douglas of New-Bedford, Collins of Boston, and Robbins, James and May of Scituate. These resolutions elicited a very serious and animated debate. A number of gentlemen took part in it— the Hon. Seth Sprague of Duxbury, and Messrs. Davis of Hingham, Garrison of Boston, Bradburn of Nantucket, Davis of Gloucester, Douglas of New-Bedford, Collins of Boston, and Robbins, James and May of Scituate. All persons present, whether members of the Society or not, were invited to take part in the discussion, and to vote upon the resolutions. They were also requested to express their minds upon each of the resolutions, by rising. They did so. Nearly all present rose in the affirmative, and not one in the negative. All persons present, whether members of the Society or not, were invited to take part in the discussion, and to vote upon the resolutions. They were also requested to express their minds upon each of the resolutions, by rising. by rising. They did so. Nearly all present rose in the affirmative, and not one in the negative. It was then unanimously voted, that a copy of the above resolutions, signed by the President and Secretary of the meeting, be transmitted to the Hon. John Q Adams, with the request that he would lay the same before Congress, at his earliest convenience. It was then unanimously voted, that a copy of the above resolutions, signed by the President and Secretary of the meeting, be transmitted to the Hon. John Q Adams, with the request that he would lay the same before Congress, at his earliest convenience. Mr. Webster and Mr. Everett. 3d. Resolved, That the letter of instructions to EDWARD EVERETT, the American Minister to the Court of St. James, written by DANIEL WEBSTER, the American Secretary of State, in behalf of the national Cabinet, demanding the surrender of the self-emancipated captives of the Creole, that they may be tried and punished as 'mutineers and murderers,' for having successfully imitated the example of Washington, and the heroes of 1776, in rising against their merciless oppressors, is, in a legal point of view, disgraceful to the intellect of its author, and utterly defective; and, in the light of humanity and justice, unnatural and monstrous; and, on the ground of republicanism and Christianity, to be regarded with righteous indignation and strong abhorrence;— that, in consenting to pen and to endorse that letter, Mr. WEBSTER has betrayed the sacred cause of liberty, and the interests of our country— basely bowed the knee again to 'the dark spirit of slavery'— and forfeited the respect and confidence, not only of the people of Massachusetts, but of the friends of impartial liberty throughout the world. 3d. Resolved, That the letter of instructions to EDWARD EVERETT, the American Minister to the Court of St. James, written by DANIEL WEBSTER, the American Secretary of State, in behalf of the national Cabinet, demanding the surrender of the self-emancipated captives of the Creole, that they may be tried and punished as 'mutineers and murderers,' for having successfully imitated the example of Washington, and the heroes of 1776, in rising against their merciless oppressors, is, in a legal point of view, disgraceful to the intellect of its author, and utterly defective; and, in the light of humanity and justice, unnatural and monstrous; and, on the ground of republicanism and Christianity, to be regarded with righteous indignation and strong abhorrence;— that, in consenting to pen and to endorse that letter, Mr. WEBSTER has betrayed the sacred cause of liberty, and the interests of our country— basely bowed the knee again to 'the dark spirit of slavery'— and forfeited the respect and confidence, not only of the people of Massachusetts, but of the friends of impartial liberty throughout the world. 4. Resolved, That, in view of the declarations on the subject of slavery, made by EDWARD EVERETT, during the last canvass for his election to the gubernatorial chair of this Commonwealth, we have reason to expect that he will disobey the instructions given in the letter of the Secretary of State, respecting the case of 'the Creole;' and that, if he shall nobly dare to act on the high ground of republican consistency and christian rectitude, by either refusing to obey those instructions, or by returning his official credentials to the government which has sent him to England, he will win for himself imperishable renown, and secure the applause of a regenerated world. 4. Resolved, That, in view of the declarations on the subject of slavery, made by EDWARD EVERETT, during the last canvass for his election to the gubernatorial chair of this Commonwealth, we have reason to expect that he will disobey the instructions given in the letter of the Secretary of State, respecting the case of 'the Creole;' and that, if he shall nobly dare to act on the high ground of republican consistency and christian rectitude, by either refusing to obey those instructions, or by returning his official credentials to the government which has sent him to England, he will win for himself imperishable renown, and secure the applause of a regenerated world. These resolutions also called out a protracted and earnest debate. They were passed by a very large vote in the affirmative, and not one voice was raised in dissent. These resolutions also called out a protracted and earnest debate. They were passed by a very large vote in the affirmative, and not one voice was raised in dissent. The President and Secretary of the meeting were ordered to transmit certified copies of these resolutions to Mr. WEBSTER and to Mr. EVERETT without delay. The President and Secretary of the meeting were ordered to transmit certified copies of these resolutions to Mr. WEBSTER and to Mr. EVERETT without delay. A tribute to Hon. JOHN Q. ADAMS, proposed by Hon. SETH SPRAGUE of Duxbury— A tribute to Hon. JOHN Q. ADAMS, proposed by Hon. SETH SPRAGUE of Duxbury— 5. Although we have ever felt it to be our duty, and have not been backward to condemn any, (the humblest private citizens, or the highest public functionaries,) who have shown themselves to be unfaithful or unfriendly to the natural rights of man, or to the civil and religious liberties guarantied to us by our Constitution,— it is far more grateful to our feelings to applaud such as have been fearless in the defence of those rights and liberties, or any portion of them; therefore, 5. Although we have ever felt it to be our duty, and have not been backward to condemn any, (the humblest private citizens, or the highest public functionaries,) who have shown themselves to be unfaithful or unfriendly to the natural rights of man, or to the civil and religious liberties guarantied to us by our Constitution,— it is far more grateful to our feelings to applaud such as have been fearless in the defence of those rights and liberties, or any portion of them; therefore, Resolved, That the high, independent, dauntless stand taken by the Hon. JOHN Q. ADAMS, on the Right of Petition, and the valorous defence he has made of that Right on the floor of Congress, add new laurels to his venerable brow; and deserve the most grateful acknowledgments, not only of his immediate constituents, but of the whole people of this Commonwealth, and of all the free States. And it is incumbent upon all, who would preserve our country from utter condemnation, and swift destruction, to rally around this champion of one of our fundamental Rights. Resolved, That the high, independent, dauntless stand taken by the Hon. JOHN Q. ADAMS, on the Right of Petition, and the valorous defence he has made of that Right on the floor of Congress, add new laurels to his venerable brow; and deserve the most grateful acknowledgments, not only of his immediate constituents, but of the whole people of this Commonwealth, and of all the free States. And it is incumbent upon all, who would preserve our country from utter condemnation, and swift destruction, to rally around this champion of one of our fundamental Rights. A number of gentlemen addressed the meeting in support of this resolution— the venerable Seth Sprague, who moved it; and Messrs. Bradburn, Garrison, Collins, Davis, James and May. It was passed unanimously. A number of gentlemen addressed the meeting in support of this resolution— the venerable Seth Sprague, who moved it; and Messrs. Bradburn, Garrison, Collins, Davis, James and May. It was passed unanimously. Charles T. Torray. 6. The case of Rev. CHARLES T. TORREY was then brought on for consideration by a resolution which John A. Collins presented. 6. The case of Rev. CHARLES T. TORREY was then brought on for consideration by a resolution which John A. Collins presented. Resolved, That the citizens of Maryland, in arresting and casting into prison as a felon, CHARLES T. TORREY, a native of this town, for no alleged crime, but simply for attending a Convention of slave holders, committed a gross outrage upon the sacredness of American citizenship, virtually imprisoned each and every one of us, and of the citizens of Massachusetts; insulted the dignity of this Commonwealth; and added another to the many proofs, that the American Union gives no protection to the friends of freedom. Their proceedings against Mr. Torrey should call forth a burst of indignation from every friend of those principles upon which our fathers professed to base our republic. Resolved, That the citizens of Maryland, in arresting and casting into prison as a felon, CHARLES T. TORREY, a native of this town, for no alleged crime, but simply for attending a Convention of slave holders, committed a gross outrage upon the sacredness of American citizenship, virtually imprisoned each and every one of us, and of the citizens of Massachusetts; insulted the dignity of this Commonwealth; and added another to the many proofs, that the American Union gives no protection to the friends of freedom. Their proceedings against Mr. Torrey should call forth a burst of indignation from every friend of those principles upon which our fathers professed to base our republic. A deeply interesting letter from Mr. Torrey was produced by the President, but, owing to the lateness of the hour, the rending of it was reluctantly dispensed with, and the letter was ordered to be published.* A deeply interesting letter from Mr. Torrey was produced by the President, but, owing to the lateness of the hour, the rending of it was reluctantly dispensed with, and the letter was ordered to be published.* Mr. Garrison and Mr. Collins addressed the meeting in support of the resolution, and it was passed unanimously, the audience rising to express their minds. Mr. Garrison and Mr. Collins addressed the meeting in support of the resolution, and it was passed unanimously, the audience rising to express their minds. 7. Resolved, That the late decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, extending, as it does, the law of slavery over the whole Union, making the liberty of every American citizen, whether black or white, of less significance than a twenty dollar note, and exposing him to be kidnapped and reduced to perpetual bondage, although only an additional indication of the alarming encroachments of the slaveholding power on the rights and liberties of the free people of the North, is yet enough of itself to arouse in every freeman's bosom the deepest indignation against the whole system of southern slavery, and fire him with an inextinguishable zeal for its utter overthrow. 7. Resolved, That the late decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, extending, as it does, the law of slavery over the whole Union, making the liberty of every American citizen, whether black or white, of less significance than a twenty dollar note, and exposing him to be kidnapped and reduced to perpetual bondage, although only an additional indication of the alarming encroachments of the slaveholding power on the rights and liberties of the free people of the North, is yet enough of itself to arouse in every freeman's bosom the deepest indignation against the whole system of southern slavery, and fire him with an inextinguishable zeal for its utter overthrow. This resolution, proposed by Mr. Bradburn, was not, owing to the lateness of the hour, discussed, but passed unanimously. This resolution, proposed by Mr. Bradburn, was not, owing to the lateness of the hour, discussed, but passed unanimously. The following resolution was moved by Mr. Garrison: The following resolution was moved by Mr. Garrison: Resolved, That while the Hon. John Quincy Adams, in defending the Right of Petition, at so much peril to himself, and under so great a weight of popular odium, has been clearly in the right— has exhibited the utmost intrepidity and boldness on the floor of Congress— and deserves the grateful acknowledgements of all who abhor oppression; yet, at the same time, we feel bound to express our profound regret, that Mr. Adams still avows his determination to resist any and every attempt that may be made in Congress, for the abolition of Slavery in the District of Columbia, until a majority of the men-stealers in that District shall approve the measure. Resolved, That while the Hon. John Quincy Adams, in defending the Right of Petition, at so much peril to himself, and under so great a weight of popular odium, has been clearly in the right— has exhibited the utmost intrepidity and boldness on the floor of Congress— and deserves the grateful acknowledgements of all who abhor oppression; yet, at the same time, we feel bound to express our profound regret, that Mr. Adams still avows his determination to resist any and every attempt that may be made in Congress, for the abolition of Slavery in the District of Columbia, until a majority of the men-stealers in that District shall approve the measure. As there was not time duly to consider this resolution, it was voted to postpone all action upon it until the adjourned meeting. This will, therefore, be the first business called up at that time. As there was not time duly to consider this resolution, it was voted to postpone all action upon it until the adjourned meeting. This will, therefore, be the first business called up at that time. The meeting then voted to adjourn to Thursday, April 14th, to meet at Hanover, Four Corners, unless otherwise ordered. The meeting then voted to adjourn to Thursday, April 14th, to meet at Hanover, Four Corners, unless otherwise ordered. SAMUEL J. MAY, Pres. SAMUEL J. MAY, Pres. Pres. EDWARD MORETON, Sec'y. EDWARD MORETON, Sec'y. Sec'y. * It shall appear in the Liberator next week. * It shall appear in the Liberator next week. 

 Most Horrible Murder and Parricide— attempt of a Young Man to Murder his Father and Mother.— A slip from the Batavia (N.Y.) Times contains the following horrid particulars: Most Horrible Murder and Parricide— attempt of a Young Man to Murder his Father and Mother Most Horrible Murder and Parricide— attempt of a Young Man to Murder his Father and Mother .— A slip from the Batavia (N.Y.) Times contains the following horrid particulars: A murder was yesterday committed at Byron, which, for its cold-blooded atrocity, is almost unparalleled. A young man named Benjamin T White, having for several years past had a grudge against his father, on account of not having been put in possession of a portion of his property, determined to satiate his revengeful feelings by murdering his father and his step-mother. He came up to the house as his father was entering the door, took hold of his collar, pulled him about so as to face him, drew a pistol, and shot him through just under the shoulder. A murder was yesterday committed at Byron, which, for its cold-blooded atrocity, is almost unparalleled. A young man named Benjamin T White, having for several years past had a grudge against his father, on account of not having been put in possession of a portion of his property, determined to satiate his revengeful feelings by murdering his father and his step-mother. He came up to the house as his father was entering the door, took hold of his collar, pulled him about so as to face him, drew a pistol, and shot him through just under the shoulder. He then threw him down, and commenced beating him with the butt of his pistol. The step-mother immediately ran to the assistance of her husband, and had the presence of mind to reach down and pick up the pistol, which had fallen in the affray, and was rising up, when she perceived the murderer drawing another from his pocket, which he raised at her; and only escaped her husband's fate by throwing up her arm and diverting the aim of the pistol, which was fired, but without effect. He then threw him down, and commenced beating him with the butt of his pistol. The step-mother immediately ran to the assistance of her husband, and had the presence of mind to reach down and pick up the pistol, which had fallen in the affray, and was rising up, when she perceived the murderer drawing another from his pocket, which he raised at her; and only escaped her husband's fate by throwing up her arm and diverting the aim of the pistol, which was fired, but without effect. The young man then made for the woods, but was pursued by a number of citizens, and arrested in three or four hours. In speaking of the murder to one of his captors, he said, 'I don't know whether I killed the old man; but I meant to— I took good aim.' The young man then made for the woods, but was pursued by a number of citizens, and arrested in three or four hours. In speaking of the murder to one of his captors, he said, 'I don't know whether I killed the old man; but I meant to— I took good aim.' I have seen a letter written to his father last winter, which abounds in more abusive, outrageous and impious language than I ever saw condensed into an equal space. He closes the letter with this: 'So fare you well for the present, you contemptible old jackass, and spawn of an adder.' I have seen a letter written to his father last winter, which abounds in more abusive, outrageous and impious language than I ever saw condensed into an equal space. He closes the letter with this: 'So fare you well for the present, you contemptible old jackass, and spawn of an adder.' White is safely (?) lodged in our miserable rickety old jail. White is safely (?) lodged in our miserable rickety old jail. Quick Work.— The negro Abram, arrested a week or two since at Beaufort, (S.C.) on suspicion of murdering Mr. Edwards, of St. Helena Island, was brought to trial on Thursday last. He made full confession of the crime, and was condemned to be executed on Friday last. He gave as the only motive for the murder, that he had that morning been detected by Mr. Edwards in an act of petty plunder on the plantation. (Yes, the poor man, who had been plundered of his hard earnings all his life, by a conscience-seared master, is led to commit a horrid crime to escape (probably) the dreaded punishment of a 'petty' offence, and his horrid end is coolly announced as 'quick work'!) Quick Work. Quick Work. — The negro Abram, arrested a week or two since at Beaufort, (S.C.) on suspicion of murdering Mr. Edwards, of St. Helena Island, was brought to trial on Thursday last. He made full confession of the crime, and was condemned to be executed on Friday last. He gave as the only motive for the murder, that he had that morning been detected by Mr. Edwards in an act of petty plunder on the plantation. (Yes, the poor man, who had been plundered of his hard earnings all his life, by a conscience-seared master, is led to commit a horrid crime to escape (probably) the dreaded punishment of a 'petty' offence, and his horrid end is coolly announced as 'quick work'!) Florida.— The St. Augustine News of the 26th ult contains a communication declaring, on what are said to be the best of reasons, that there is good ground to believe, that there are organized bands of white men, who, in the disguise of Indians, rob, murder, and perpetrate many of the horrible outrages now charged upon the Indians. Atrocious as is this charge, many strong circumstances are adduced in its support. Five persons were killed and mortally wounded by the Indians on the 24th February, in Columbia county, viz: Mrs. Tillis and child, shot dead; a young lady and two children, mortally wounded. An infant child was unhurt. The husband and father, Mr. Tillis, was absent. Florida. Florida. — The St. Augustine News of the 26th ult contains a communication declaring, on what are said to be the best of reasons, that there is good ground to believe, that there are organized bands of white men, organized bands of white men, who, in the disguise of Indians, rob, murder, and perpetrate many of the horrible outrages now charged upon the Indians. Atrocious as is this charge, many strong circumstances are adduced in its support. Five persons were killed and mortally wounded by the Indians on the 24th February, in Columbia county, viz: Mrs. Tillis and child, shot dead; a young lady and two children, mortally wounded. An infant child was unhurt. The husband and father, Mr. Tillis, was absent. Shipwreck and Loss of Life. The ship Sophia, of London, was lost in a tremendous gale, during the night of Oct. 2d, off the Bay of Islands, New-Zealand. The master, Capt. Harrison, and ten seamen, saved themselves by clinging to the rigging, and portions of the wreck; but the remainder, consisting of 28 seamen and passengers, and two women, met with a watery grave. Shipwreck and Loss of Life. Shipwreck and Loss of Life. The ship Sophia, of London, was lost in a tremendous gale, during the night of Oct. 2d, off the Bay of Islands, New-Zealand. The master, Capt. Harrison, and ten seamen, saved themselves by clinging to the rigging, and portions of the wreck; but the remainder, consisting of 28 seamen and passengers, and two women, met with a watery grave. Marriages of the Jews with Christians.— The Second Chamber of Hanover rejected, on the 13th February, a proposition having for its object to permit the marriage of Jews with Christians, on the condition that the children should be brought up in the Christian religion, or, at least, to declare valid marriages contracted between Jews and Christians in foreign countries, without any intention, on their part, of eluding the Hanoverian laws. Marriages of the Jews with Christians. Marriages of the Jews with Christians. — The Second Chamber of Hanover rejected, on the 13th February, a proposition having for its object to permit the marriage of Jews with Christians, on the condition that the children should be brought up in the Christian religion, or, at least, to declare valid marriages contracted between Jews and Christians in foreign countries, without any intention, on their part, of eluding the Hanoverian laws. Spontaneous Combustion.— A late French paper says, that at Groningen, in Holland, on New-Year's day, a woman aged 55 years, who was much addicted to intemperance, having approached a fire, her breath, strongly impregnated with alcohol, is supposed to have caused internal ignition, and her body was found half carbonized! Spontaneous Combustion. Spontaneous Combustion. — A late French paper says, that at Groningen, in Holland, on New-Year's day, a woman aged 55 years, who was much addicted to intemperance, having approached a fire, her breath, strongly impregnated with alcohol, is supposed to have caused internal ignition, and her body was found half carbonized! A correspondent of the Post says, that in the digging up of the old Head estate, at the corner of Tremont and Boylston street, on Saturday, the laborers found a human skeleton, reclining on one arm, supposed to be that of as Indian. A correspondent of the Post says, that in the digging up of the old Head estate, at the corner of Tremont and Boylston street, on Saturday, the laborers found a human skeleton, reclining on one arm, supposed to be that of as Indian. U.S. Squadron on the Coast of Africa.— It is rumored that the Secretary of the Navy has ordered, or is about to order, the Vandalia, and three other vessels of war, to cruise on the coast of Africa, to be under the command of Capt. Ramsay U.S. Squadron on the Coast of Africa. U.S. Squadron on the Coast of Africa. — It is rumored that the Secretary of the Navy has ordered, or is about to order, the Vandalia, and three other vessels of war, to cruise on the coast of Africa, to be under the command of Capt. Ramsay We perceive by paragraphs in the English West India papers, that slaves from the other West India Islands are constantly escaping to the English Islands, and that such a thing as their being surrendered, is not thought of. We perceive by paragraphs in the English West India papers, that slaves from the other West India Islands are constantly escaping to the English Islands, and that such a thing as their being surrendered, is not thought of. The Dominican Colonist says: 'No less than 27 fugitive male slaves have arrived in the course of one week from Martinique; no doubt to the great chagrin of our neighbors. The Dominican Colonist says: 'No less than 27 fugitive male slaves have arrived in the course of one week from Martinique; no doubt to the great chagrin of our neighbors. The Jamaica Royal Gazette says— 'We are informed, in private correspondence, that in the months of April and May last, there ran away from the three Danish Islands to Tortola, more than one hundred Danish slaves. That is the best way to put an end to the emancipation question.'— Newburyport Herald. The Jamaica Royal Gazette says— 'We are informed, in private correspondence, that in the months of April and May last, there ran away from the three Danish Islands to Tortola, more than one hundred Danish slaves. That is the best way to put an end to the emancipation question.'— Newburyport Herald. Newburyport Herald. Correspondence of the Journal of Commerce. Correspondence of the Journal of Commerce. ST. CROIX, W.E., March 2. ST. CROIX, W.E., March 2. I was told by one of the largest planters and rummakers, (for with one exception all the planters here are rum-makers,) that they should send all their rum to Copenhagen, for there was no demand for it in America, and that East of New-York there were none who would receive it on consignment. There are but few American Captains who will take it as freight. In fact I have seen a number who said they would go home in ballast, rather than carry rum. The crop here will he very short, both of sugar and rum; and slavery must soon cease. I was told by one of the largest planters and rummakers, (for with one exception all the planters here are rum-makers,) that they should send all their rum to Copenhagen, for there was no demand for it in America, and that East of New-York there were none who would receive it on consignment. There are but few American Captains who will take it as freight. In fact I have seen a number who said they would go home in ballast, rather than carry rum. The crop here will he very short, both of sugar and rum; and slavery must soon cease. Dissolution of the Union.— The example of the Haverhill fanatics has found grace in the eyes of their brethren of Ohio. It will be seen by referring to the proceedings of Congress, that Mr. Giddings of that State, on the 28th ult. presented a petition of upwards of eighty persons, praying for the dissolution of the Union, which the House refused to receive by a vote of 116 to 24 Mr. Adams having broken the ice, the presentation of such petitions may now be looked for as no unusual thing. The Legislature of this State were called upon at their late session to sanction his course in relation to this matter, but very properly forgot to act on the subject.— Concord Freeman. Dissolution of the Union. Dissolution of the Union. — The example of the Haverhill fanatics has found grace in the eyes of their brethren of Ohio. It will be seen by referring to the proceedings of Congress, that Mr. Giddings of that State, on the 28th ult. presented a petition of upwards of eighty persons, praying for the dissolution of the Union, which the House refused to receive by a vote of 116 to 24 Mr. Adams having broken the ice, the presentation of such petitions may now be looked for as no unusual thing. The Legislature of this State were called upon at their late session to sanction his course in relation to this matter, but very properly forgot forgot to act on the subject.— Concord Freeman. Concord Freeman. College Building Burnt.— The New-Orleans Bulletin of the 7th, announces the burning of Jefferson College, one of the buildings of which Mr. Alexander H. Everett is President. The College contained a fine library with 7000 volumes, which have cost $8,710; mathematical instruments, and a large quantity of other furniture. The total cost of the building and furniture according to the last report of the trustees, is $152,398 13. The building was insured for $62,000. College Building Burnt. College Building Burnt. — The New-Orleans Bulletin of the 7th, announces the burning of Jefferson College, one of the buildings of which Mr. Alexander H. Everett is President. The College contained a fine library with 7000 volumes, which have cost $8,710; mathematical instruments, and a large quantity of other furniture. The total cost of the building and furniture according to the last report of the trustees, is $152,398 13. The building was insured for $62,000. A correspondent of the New-York Journal of Commerce, writing from Boston, says:— 'The religious interest here is deep, beyond all precedent. It is difficult to credit what is said of the convicts at the State prison in Charlestown, yet in the opinion of those connected with the prison, no less than one half of them appear to have become real christians.' A correspondent of the New-York Journal of Commerce, writing from Boston, says:— 'The religious interest here is deep, beyond all precedent. It is difficult to credit what is said of the convicts at the State prison in Charlestown, yet in the opinion of those connected with the prison, no less than one half of them appear to have become real christians.' It is stated in the N.Y. Express, that a demand has been presented to the U.S. Treasury for payment for the bloodhounds, used in the Florida war. The Department declined having any thing to do with the matter, and the claim was referred to Congress. So, it seems the allies are not yet paid for. It is stated in the N.Y. Express, that a demand has been presented to the U.S. Treasury for payment for the bloodhounds, used in the Florida war. The Department declined having any thing to do with the matter, and the claim was referred to Congress. So, it seems the allies are not yet paid for. An anti-slavery society has been formed in the Sandwich Islands, among the missionaries and converted heathen. The whole civilized world has, for years, been rebuking America for her sin of slavery. Now a voice of warning and remonstrance is wafted to our ears from heathen lands! An anti-slavery society has been formed in the Sandwich Islands, among the missionaries and converted heathen. The whole civilized world has, for years, been rebuking America for her sin of slavery. Now a voice of warning and remonstrance is wafted to our ears from heathen lands! heathen lands! On the 5th inst. a fine blooming girl, aged 14, daughter of Mr. Palmer of the Crown Inn, Chard, after running a short distance, complained of a pain in her side, fell down, and died shortly afterwards by the rupture of a blood vessel on the lungs, induced by the running and the pressure of tightly-laced stays. On the 5th inst. a fine blooming girl, aged 14, daughter of Mr. Palmer of the Crown Inn, Chard, after running a short distance, complained of a pain in her side, fell down, and died shortly afterwards by the rupture of a blood vessel on the lungs, induced by the running and the pressure of tightly-laced stays. An anti-slavery society has been formed in the Sandwich Islands, among the missionaries and converted heathen. The whole civilized world has, for years, been rebuking America for her sin of slavery. Now a voice of warning and remonstrance is wafted to our ears from heathen lands! An anti-slavery society has been formed in the Sandwich Islands, among the missionaries and converted heathen. The whole civilized world has, for years, been rebuking America for her sin of slavery. Now a voice of warning and remonstrance is wafted to our ears from heathen lands! heathen lands! On the 5th inst. a fine blooming girl, aged 14, daughter of Mr. Palmer of the Crown Inn, Chard, after running a short distance, complained of a pain in her side, fell down, and died shortly afterwards by the rupture of a blood vessel on the lungs, induced by the running and the pressure of tightly-laced stays. On the 5th inst. a fine blooming girl, aged 14, daughter of Mr. Palmer of the Crown Inn, Chard, after running a short distance, complained of a pain in her side, fell down, and died shortly afterwards by the rupture of a blood vessel on the lungs, induced by the running and the pressure of tightly-laced stays. The British Barque Buoyant was lost recently off the mouth of the Brazos river, where she was anchored, receiving a cargo of cotton. In a gale, she parted her cables and went ashore. The captain, first and second mates, and four men were drowned. She had 215 bales of cotton on board. The British Barque Buoyant was lost recently off the mouth of the Brazos river, where she was anchored, receiving a cargo of cotton. In a gale, she parted her cables and went ashore. The captain, first and second mates, and four men were drowned. She had 215 bales of cotton on board. Philadelphia Locomotives.— The barque B. Mezick, now loading at this port for Hamburgh, will take out four of Norris's celebrated Locomotive Engines and other machinery, the invoice of which amounts to $35,000. These Engines are part of a Prussian order for the Berlin and Frankfort Railway.— Philad. North Amer. Philadelphia Locomotives. Philadelphia Locomotives. — The barque B. Mezick, now loading at this port for Hamburgh, will take out four of Norris's Norris's celebrated Locomotive Engines and other machinery, the invoice of which amounts to $35,000. These Engines are part of a Prussian order for the Berlin and Frankfort Railway.— Philad. North Amer. Philad. North Amer. James Tolman, of Randolph, in Norfolk county, being in Washington, a short time since, acting as agent for some periodical works, offered some abolition papers to a news man, who thereupon complained of him for circulating 'incendiary publications.' He was arrested and thrust into jail. The next morning he was bailed out Is this a land of liberty? James Tolman, of Randolph, in Norfolk county, being in Washington, a short time since, acting as agent for some periodical works, offered some abolition papers to a news man, who thereupon complained of him for circulating 'incendiary publications.' He was arrested and thrust into jail. The next morning he was bailed out Is this a land of liberty? France and Texas.— M. Guizot, the French Minister, has written a very sharp letter to the Texan authorities, complaining of the harsh treatment by Texas towards the French Consul, and intimating that an apology will be required. France and Texas. France and Texas. — M. Guizot, the French Minister, has written a very sharp letter to the Texan authorities, complaining of the harsh treatment by Texas towards the French Consul, and intimating that an apology will be required. A bill to abolish capital punishment, or hanging, and substituting in its stead, solitary confinement for life, passed the House of Representatives of Iowa, several weeks since, but was afterwards rejected in the Council, for the reason that the penitentiary was not in fit condition for the reception and safe keeping of convicts. A bill to abolish capital punishment, capital punishment, or hanging, and substituting in its stead, solitary confinement for life, passed the House of Representatives of Iowa, several weeks since, but was afterwards rejected in the Council, for the reason that the penitentiary was not in fit condition for the reception and safe keeping of convicts. Robert M. Going has been advertised in a Louisiana paper as having 'taken the Sabine slide,' alias G.T.T., leaving his creditors in the lurch, and carrying off with him all his property, consisting of one hundred negroes. Robert M. Going has been advertised in a Louisiana paper as having 'taken the Sabine slide,' alias G.T.T., leaving his creditors in the lurch, and carrying off with him all his property, consisting of one hundred negroes. Among the minor matters before the Senate, is a petition from the owners of the slaves of the Creole, that our government should pay for them! Wo thought the climax of impudence was reached long ago, oy the rejection of the people's petitions, but this out-Herods Herod. Among the minor matters before the Senate, is a petition from the owners of the slaves of the Creole, that our government should pay for them! Wo thought the climax of impudence was reached long ago, oy the rejection of the people's petitions, but this out-Herods Herod. The Echo de Lodeve states that, as a female was being conveyed recently to the grave at Paulhan, the bearers of the coffin felt it move, and, on opening it, found that she was alive. She was taken back to her home, and medical aid was immediately obtained; but she fell again into a lethargy, which ended in death. The Echo de Lodeve states that, as a female was being conveyed recently to the grave at Paulhan, the bearers of the coffin felt it move, and, on opening it, found that she was alive. She was taken back to her home, and medical aid was immediately obtained; but she fell again into a lethargy, which ended in death. Amasa Walker, Esq., of Boston, has received and accepted the appointment of Professor of Political Economy and General History at the Oberlin (Ohio) Collegiate Institute. Amasa Walker, Esq., of Boston, has received and accepted the appointment of Professor of Political Economy and General History at the Oberlin (Ohio) Collegiate Institute. Fires.— The extensive stable of Mr. Laban Turner, in Charlestown, Mass., was destroyed by fire on Sunday morning. Ten horses perished in the flames. No insurance. Several other buildings were destroyed or damaged. Fires. Fires. — The extensive stable of Mr. Laban Turner, in Charlestown, Mass., was destroyed by fire on Sunday morning. Ten horses perished in the flames. No insurance. Several other buildings were destroyed or damaged. A duel was fought at Marseilles on the 16th of January, between General Lavasseuer and Commandant Afrighi. They fought with pistols at eight paces distance, and the general shot his adversary dead on the spot. A duel was fought at Marseilles on the 16th of January, between General Lavasseuer and Commandant Afrighi. They fought with pistols at eight paces distance, and the general shot his adversary dead on the spot. An old gentleman seventy-four years of age, lately died in jail at Worcester, where he had been incarcerated in consequence of a liability he assumed in endorsing a note for something less than one hundred dollars, and which he was unable to discharge. An old gentleman seventy-four years of age, seventy-four years of age, lately died in jail at Worcester, where he had been incarcerated in consequence of a liability he assumed in endorsing a note for something less than one hundred dollars, and which he was unable to discharge. A child in Philadelphia, which had been thrown into a cispool by its unnatural mother, soon after its birth, was discovered after it had been there six hours, restored to life, and is now doing well. A child in Philadelphia, which had been thrown into a cispool by its unnatural mother, soon after its birth, was discovered after it had been there six hours, restored to life, and is now doing well. We learn that a bequest of five hundred dollars has recently been made to the Mendi Mission by the late Horatio Taylor, of Nelson, Portage county, Ohio. We learn that a bequest of five hundred dollars has recently been made to the Mendi Mission by the late Horatio Taylor, of Nelson, Portage county, Ohio. A man named W.R. Smoot, said to be a teacher by profession, fell upon the fly wheel of a steamboat on his way between New-Orleans and Natchitoches, and was torn to pieces. A man named W.R. Smoot, said to be a teacher by profession, fell upon the fly wheel of a steamboat on his way between New-Orleans and Natchitoches, and was torn to pieces. It is rumored that Capt. John B. Nicholson is to have the command of our Navy Yard, in place of Commodore Downes, detached. Another sop for Virginia. It is rumored that Capt. John B. Nicholson is to have the command of our Navy Yard, in place of Commodore Downes, detached. Another sop for Virginia. The Hon. Jacob F. Mintzing, the Mayor of Charleston, South Carolina, died on the 14th ult., of a cancer in the stomach. The Hon. Jacob F. Mintzing, the Mayor of Charleston, South Carolina, died on the 14th ult., of a cancer in the stomach. Number of Teetotallers in Ireland.— The last ticket, says the Lord Mayor of Dublin, signed by Father Mathew, was marked five millions, two thousand, seven hundred and two. Number of Teetotallers in Ireland. Number of Teetotallers in Ireland. — The last ticket, says the Lord Mayor of Dublin, signed by Father Mathew, was marked five millions, two thousand, seven hundred and two. five millions, two thousand, seven hundred and two. Mr. Norris, the celebrated locomotive engine maker, has received from the Emperor of Russia a splendid ring, valued at $6000, as a compliment to his skill and ingenuity.— Philad. Enq. Mr. Norris, the celebrated locomotive engine maker, has received from the Emperor of Russia a splendid ring, valued at $6000, as a compliment to his skill and ingenuity.— Philad. Enq. Philad. Enq. New Title.— Colt, the celebrated manufacturer of pistols, in New-York, labels some of the pistol cases, 'Laws of Texas. New Title. New Title. — Colt, the celebrated manufacturer of pistols, in New-York, labels some of the pistol cases, 'Laws of Texas. Fire.— The valuable Paper Mill of Calvin Shepard, Jr. Esq. In Unionville, Framingham, was totally destroyed by fire on Saturday last. Fire. Fire. — The valuable Paper Mill of Calvin Shepard, Jr. Esq. In Unionville, Framingham, was totally destroyed by fire on Saturday last. A boy 16 years old has been sent to jail in New-York, for refusing to support his wife, 14 years old, and child, 4 months old. A boy 16 years old has been sent to jail in New-York, for refusing to support his wife, 14 years old, and child, 4 months old. The first parish meeting-house in Sterling, Mass.; was entirely consumed by fire, Monday night, the 14th inst. The first parish meeting-house in Sterling, Mass.; was entirely consumed by fire, Monday night, the 14th inst. 

 Arrival of the Columbia at Halifax, and of the Unicorn at this Port: Thirteen days later from England. At 6 o'clock on Friday morning, the steamer Columbia, Capt. Judkins, arrived at Halifax, after a passage of twenty days and fifteen hours. She left Liverpool on the 4th inst., and encountered a series of unusually terrific storms. On the 18th inst. in lat 44 33, lon 54 04, at 7 P.M. the intermediate shaft broke, and the engine stopped. The floats were then stripped off the wheels and sail made, with which she concluded the passage, except a few hours previous to her arrival, when the starboard engines were put in motion to bring her into port. Her arrival was hailed with the utmost enthusiasm. She brought thirty-five passengers for Boston, and four for Halifax, who are unanimous in her praise as a sea boat of the first quality. Her mails and passengers were immediately shifted on board the Unicorn, and on the same afternoon were on their passage for Boston. The Unicorn was telegraphed Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock, and arrived in gallant style at her moorings about 7. Arrival of the Columbia at Halifax, and of the Unicorn at this Port: Thirteen days later from England. Arrival of the Columbia at Halifax, and of the Unicorn at this Port: Thirteen days later from England. At 6 o'clock on Friday morning, the steamer Columbia, Capt. Judkins, arrived at Halifax, after a passage of twenty days and fifteen hours. She left Liverpool on the 4th inst., and encountered a series of unusually terrific storms. On the 18th inst. in lat 44 33, lon 54 04, at 7 P.M. the intermediate shaft broke, and the engine stopped. The floats were then stripped off the wheels and sail made, with which she concluded the passage, except a few hours previous to her arrival, when the starboard engines were put in motion to bring her into port. Her arrival was hailed with the utmost enthusiasm. She brought thirty-five passengers for Boston, and four for Halifax, who are unanimous in her praise as a sea boat of the first quality. Her mails and passengers were immediately shifted on board the Unicorn, and on the same afternoon were on their passage for Boston. The Unicorn was telegraphed Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock, and arrived in gallant style at her moorings about 7. In England, the prospects of business are dismal at present, but the necessity of increasing the forces in China, is promoting employment for the army and navy department. In England, the prospects of business are dismal at present, but the necessity of increasing the forces in China, is promoting employment for the army and navy department. It is stated that a reinforcement of 10,000 troops was going forward from India to China, with a number of heavy guns. It was reported that the first grand movement contemplated by Sir Henry Pottinger, would be against Pekin. There was later news from the expedition in China, than has been received here from Canton direct, viz. to Oct. 25. It is stated that a reinforcement of 10,000 troops was going forward from India to China, with a number of heavy guns. It was reported that the first grand movement contemplated by Sir Henry Pottinger, would be against Pekin. There was later news from the expedition in China, than has been received here from Canton direct, viz. to Oct. 25. A reinforcement of 5,000 troops was to embark from England for India without delay. The number of vessels with troops and munitions of war which have recently sailed for China from England, is seventeen. A reinforcement of 5,000 troops was to embark from England for India without delay. The number of vessels with troops and munitions of war which have recently sailed for China from England, is seventeen. There was a further debate in the House of Commons, of five days duration, on the corn laws, after which Mr. Villier's motion to abolish all duties on the import of grain, was lost by a vote of 90 to 393. There was a further debate in the House of Commons, of five days duration, on the corn laws, after which Mr. Villier's motion to abolish all duties on the import of grain, was lost by a vote of 90 to 393. The funeral of Count Pozzo di Borgo was celebrated at Paris, Feb. 18, with great pomp The funeral of Count Pozzo di Borgo was celebrated at Paris, Feb. 18, with great pomp REVOLUTION AT LISBON. Letters have been received from Lisbon to the 14th ult. A revolution broke out at Lisbon on the night of the 7th, which terminated in favor of the Charter of Don Pedro. REVOLUTION AT LISBON. Letters have been received from Lisbon to the 14th ult. A revolution broke out at Lisbon on the night of the 7th, which terminated in favor of the Charter of Don Pedro. Prince Albert laid the foundation stone of the new Royal Exchange, London, on the 17th Feb. with great ceremony. Prince Albert laid the foundation stone of the new Royal Exchange, London, on the 17th Feb. with great ceremony. 

 OLD PLYMOUTH. The meeting of the Plymouth County A.S. Society, at South Scituate, on Friday last, was well attended, notwithstanding the severe inclemency of the day, and the proceedings were of a most spirited and satisfactory character. Hingham sent a noble delegation. Duxbury and Plymouth were, as usual, strongly represented in the persons of the venerable Seth Sprague, Dea Ripley, and others. The hospitality of our Scituate friends was most abundant. So numerous and deeply interesting were the topics presented to the meeting, that it was adjourned to the 14th inst. OLD PLYMOUTH. The meeting of the Plymouth County A.S. Society, at South Scituate, on Friday last, was well attended, notwithstanding the severe inclemency of the day, and the proceedings were of a most spirited and satisfactory character. Hingham sent a noble delegation. Duxbury and Plymouth were, as usual, strongly represented in the persons of the venerable Seth Sprague, Dea Ripley, and others. The hospitality of our Scituate friends was most abundant. So numerous and deeply interesting were the topics presented to the meeting, that it was adjourned to the 14th inst. 

 BOSTON DAILY LEDGER. A new penny daily, with this title, is to be issued in this city, in handsome style, on the 4th of April instant, by Morgan & Co. No. 4, State-street— William Bartlett, Editor. It will aim to be 'emphatically a newspaper,' and independent of all party trammels. In connexion with the Ledger, a 'Dollar Weekly Bostonian' will be issued every Saturday morning. BOSTON DAILY LEDGER. A new penny daily, with this title, is to be issued in this city, in handsome style, on the 4th of April instant, by Morgan & Co. No. 4, State-street— William Bartlett, Editor. It will aim to be 'emphatically a news news paper,' and independent of all party trammels. In connexion with the Ledger, a 'Dollar Weekly Bostonian' will be issued every Saturday morning. 

 The lines of W. at Nantucket, are too defective to appear in our columns. The writer forgot to pay his postage. The lines of W. at Nantucket, are too defective to appear in our columns. The writer forgot to pay his postage. 

 MARRIED— In Providence, March 26th, 1842, Mr. VICTOR W. BARKER, of Drummond Town, Va. to Miss JANE S. WILLIAMS, of Boston. (Accompanying this notice was a generous slice of wedding cake from the bridegroom and bride, whose connexion, we trust, will prove an inexhaustible source of happiness.) MARRIED— In Providence, March 26th, 1842, Mr. VICTOR W. BARKER, of Drummond Town, Va. to Miss JANE S. WILLIAMS, of Boston. (Accompanying this notice was a generous slice of wedding cake from the bridegroom and bride, whose connexion, we trust, will prove an inexhaustible source of happiness.) DIED— In this city, Primus Hall aged 89— a venerable colored revolutionary pensioner. DIED— In this city, Primus Hall aged 89— a venerable colored revolutionary pensioner. In this city, on the 17th ult. of a lingering consumption, Mrs. Sarah Woodruff, aged 38. Throughout the whole of her sickness, she manifested great patience and resignation, and died in the triumphs of faith. In this city, on the 17th ult. of a lingering consumption, Mrs. Sarah Woodruff, aged 38. Throughout the whole of her sickness, she manifested great patience and resignation, and died in the triumphs of faith. 25th inst. Mr. William Durfy, aged 49. 25th inst. Mr. William Durfy, aged 49. 

 ADELPHIC UNION LIBRARY ASSOCIATION. ADELPHIC UNION LIBRARY ASSOCIATION. Charles Lenox Remond will deliver a lecture in this city, at the Smith School Room, on Monday evening next, April 5th. Subject— British Corn Laws to commence at 7 1-2 o'clock. Admittance 6 1-4 cents. Charles Lenox Remond will deliver a lecture in this city, at the Smith School Room, on Monday evening next, April 5th. Subject— British Corn Laws to commence at 7 1-2 o'clock. Admittance 6 1-4 cents. Table  Table  

