 The General Agent acknowledges the receipt of the letter of J. Fulton, dated 9th month 18th, with five dollars enclosed, for which receipts have been forwarded. The General Agent acknowledges the receipt of the letter of J. Fulton, dated 9th month 18th, with five dollars enclosed, for which receipts have been forwarded. 

 A Wolf.— The Vox Populi, at Lowell, Mass., says, that a few days since, a certain overseer in the Massachusetts (cotton factory) corporation in that city, whose name they, from regard to his family, do not give, a very zealous member of John-street church, and one who was particularly officious during the late religious excitement there, and a sabbath school teacher, was absent from the city for a few days. Before his return, it was accidentally discovered by his agent that he had been to Boston, in company with a certain female, a member of the same church, and a scholar in his Sabbath school class; that while there, they put up as man and wife— he having at the time a wife and three children in Lowell. On his return, he was immediately discharged by the agent, whereupon both himself and mistress immediately left the city— he leaving an innocent family totally unprovided for. A Wolf. A Wolf. — The Vox Populi, at Lowell, Mass., says, that a few days since, a certain overseer in the Massachusetts (cotton factory) corporation in that city, whose name they, from regard to his family, do not give, a very zealous member of John-street church, and one who was particularly officious during the late religious excitement there, and a sabbath school teacher, was absent from the city for a few days. Before his return, it was accidentally discovered by his agent that he had been to Boston, in company with a certain female, a member of the same church, and a scholar in his Sabbath school class; that while there, they put up as man and wife— he having at the time a wife and three children in Lowell. On his return, he was immediately discharged by the agent, whereupon both himself and mistress mistress immediately left the city— he leaving an innocent family totally unprovided for. 

 20. The many woes, pronounced against those that practice or uphold such wicked oppression, evince still further the duty of entire separation from all connexion and fellowship with that vilest of all vile systems of multiform iniquity, that ever the demon of avarice contrived to annihilate the rights of man, and nullify the claims of God! Whoever, therefore, hath an ear, let him hear, and duly consider the word that proceedeth from the mouth of the Lord. 'Wo unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chamber by wrong, that useth his neighbor's service without wages, and giveth him no pay for his work. Wo unto him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house. Wo unto him that increaseth that which is not his; for the people of the land have used oppression, and exercised robbery, and vexed the poor and needy. Yea, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully. Her priests have violated my law— her princes like wolves, raven the prey, destroying souls to get dishonest gain! Her prophets have daubed them with untempered mortar, seeing vanity and divining lies unto them. Yea, they overpass the deeds of the wicked! A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land!!! Shall I not visit for these things, saith the Lord? Shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?' Therefore, 20. The many woes, pronounced against those that practice or uphold such wicked oppression, evince still further the duty of entire separation from all connexion and fellowship with that vilest of all vile systems of multiform iniquity, that ever the demon of avarice contrived to annihilate the rights of man, and nullify the claims of God! Whoever, therefore, hath an ear, let him hear, and duly consider the word that proceedeth from the mouth of the Lord. 'Wo unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chamber by wrong, that useth his neighbor's service without wages, and giveth him no pay for his work. Wo unto him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house. Wo unto him that increaseth that which is not his; for the people of the land have used oppression, and exercised robbery, and vexed the poor and needy. Yea, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully. Her priests have violated my law— her princes like wolves, raven the prey, destroying souls to get dishonest gain! Her prophets have daubed them with untempered mortar, seeing vanity and divining lies unto them. Yea, they overpass the deeds of the wicked! A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land!!! Shall I not visit for these things, saith the Lord? Shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?' this?' Therefore, 21. This yoke of confederacy, which sustains the abominations of the slave system, ought to be broken, because it brings the free States under the wrath and curse of God, as set forth in those alarming denouncements, which proceed from the mouth of the Lord. 21. This yoke of confederacy, which sustains the abominations of the slave system, ought to be broken, because it brings the free States under the wrath and curse of God, as set forth in those alarming denouncements, which proceed from the mouth of the Lord. 22. This ungodly confederacy ought to be dissolved, because the bond of alliance is anti-christian and atheistical. It passes over 'the weightier matters of the law, justice, mercy, and faith in God,' assigns no credit to the gospel records of Jesus Christ; but it very positively requires 'full faith' in the acts or laws of slave States, and 'full credit' to the records of slavocratic dominion. And what are those acts and records? Let a specimen or two serve to show: 'A slave is one who is in the power of a master to whom he belongs. The master can sell him, dispose of his person, his industry, and his labor. He (the slave) can do nothing, possess nothing, nor acquire any thing, but what must belong to his master.' And further says the act and record, to which our full faith and credit are required by the supreme law of this anti-christian confederacy,— 'Slaves shall be deemed, sold, taken, and reputed to be chattels personal in the hands of their owners and possessors, their executors and assigns, to all intents, constructions and purposes whatsoever.' And again, 'All negroes and mulattoes (free excepted) and all their issue and offspring, born, or to be born, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be and remain forever hereafter, absolute slaves, and shall follow the condition of the master.' Here we have the declaration of slavocracy, which hurls defiance at creation's law, deranges the order of nature that God established, and flashes a broad and filthy LIE into the face and eyes of the Declaration of our Nation's Independence!!! 22. This ungodly confederacy ought to be dissolved, because the bond of alliance is anti-christian and atheistical. It passes over 'the weightier matters of the law, justice, mercy, and faith in God,' assigns no credit to the gospel records of Jesus Christ; but it very positively requires 'full faith' in the acts or laws of slave States, and 'full credit' to the records of slavocratic dominion. And what are those acts and records? Let a specimen or two serve to show: 'A slave is one who is in the power of a master to whom he belongs. The master can sell him, dispose of his person, his industry, and his labor. He (the slave) can do nothing, possess nothing, nor acquire any thing, but what must belong to his master.' And further says the act and record, to which our full faith and credit are required by the supreme law of this anti-christian confederacy,— 'Slaves shall be deemed, sold, taken, and reputed to be chattels personal chattels personal in the hands of their owners and possessors, their executors and assigns, to all intents, constructions and purposes whatsoever.' And again, 'All negroes and mulattoes (free excepted) and all their issue and offspring, born, or to be born, to be born, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be and remain forever hereafter, absolute slaves, and shall follow the condition of the master.' Here we have the declaration of slavocracy, which hurls defiance at creation's law, deranges the order of nature that God established, and flashes a broad and filthy LIE into the face and eyes of the Declaration of our Nation's Independence!!! 23. For this all sufficient cause, the free States ought to be separate and distinct from those self-abandoned communities, which raise such impious rebellion and warfare against the rights and claims of both God and man. 23. For this all sufficient cause, the free States ought to be separate and distinct from those self-abandoned communities, which raise such impious rebellion and warfare against the rights and claims of both God and man. 24. Also because the experiment of working freedom and slavery, in the same yoke together, was foreseen to be of doubtful issue; and accordingly the rightfulness of separation was agreed and established, as a self-evident principle and law of nature's God, before the adoption of the federal Constitution. nature and of 24. Also because the experiment of working freedom and slavery, in the same yoke together, was foreseen to be of doubtful issue; and accordingly the rightfulness of separation was agreed and established, as a self-evident principle and law of nature's God, before the adoption of the federal Constitution. nature and of 25. The free States ought immediately to avail themselves of this pre-established and self-evident principle of right, because familiar intercourse, fellowship and connection with the reckless authors of such gross and baneful influence to corrupt the morals, harden the heart, blind the mind, stupify the conscience, and pervert the judgment of people, and so to hinder the light and love of 'the glorious gospel of the blessed God' from shining into their souls with its renovating power and effect. 25. The free States ought immediately to avail themselves of this pre-established and self-evident principle of right, because familiar intercourse, fellowship and connection with the reckless authors of such gross and baneful influence to corrupt the morals, harden the heart, blind the mind, stupify the conscience, and pervert the judgment of people, and so to hinder the light and love of 'the glorious gospel of the blessed God' from shining into their souls with its renovating power and effect. 26. The free States ought to withdraw in a peaceful, conscientious, united manner, agreeably to divine command, because it is at all times right and duty to obey God, rather than man; and because it is now abundantly evident, that such separation and independence to divine requirement is the only alternative whereby the people of the free States can 'save themselves from this untoward generation' of slaveite dealers in human flesh, and from receiving any further of the plagues and judgments which God is bringing upon them for their obstinate persevorance in robbing the poor because they are poor, and making merchandize of the bodies and souls of men, women and children, as mere chattels or things without life, or brute beasts made for the slaughter. 26. The free States ought to withdraw in a peaceful, conscientious, united manner, agreeably to divine command, because it is at all times right and duty to obey God, rather than man; and because it is now abundantly evident, that such separation and independence to divine requirement is the only alternative whereby the people of the free States can 'save themselves from this untoward generation' of slaveite dealers in human flesh, and from receiving any further of the plagues and judgments which God is bringing upon them for their obstinate persevorance in robbing the poor because they are poor, and making merchandize of the bodies and souls of men, women and children, as mere chattels or things without life, or brute beasts made for the slaughter. And what is the judgment written against such bold, inveterate, blasphemous invaders of the invaluable rights of God and man? Let the land hear and tremble— 'Because I have called, and ye refused, I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded; but ye have set at naught all my counsel, and despised all my reproof; I also will laugh at your calamity— I will mock when your fear cometh— when your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh upon you; because ye hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the Lord.' 'But whose hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear or evil.' And what is the judgment written against such bold, inveterate, blasphemous invaders of the invaluable rights of God and man? Let the land hear and tremble— 'Because I have called, and ye refused, I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded; but ye have set at naught all my counsel, and despised all my reproof; I also will laugh at your calamity— I will mock when your fear cometh— when your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh upon you; because ye hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the Lord.' 'But whose hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear or evil.' 'O, that they were wise— that they understand this— that they would consider their latter end.' 'O, that they were wise— that they understand this— that they would consider their latter end.' 27. The people of the free States ought immediately to repent of the sinfulness, and cleanse their hearts and hands from the pollution, of giving any countenance, aid, encouragement or support to that woful and horrible system of human chattelship; because, by reason of such alliance, aid and encouragement, slavemongers are stimulated to persist in their diabolical perpetrations, and emboldened the more to set at naught all reproof and despise all remonstrance and counsel, administered by the word of God, or by the arguments and entreaties of men. 27. The people of the free States ought immediately to repent of the sinfulness, and cleanse their hearts and hands from the pollution, of giving any countenance, aid, encouragement or support to that woful and horrible system of human chattelship; because, by reason of such alliance, aid and encouragement, slavemongers are stimulated to persist in their diabolical perpetrations, and emboldened the more to set at naught all reproof and despise all remonstrance and counsel, administered by the word of God, or by the arguments and entreaties of men. And truly, it must be admitted, that, for people to argue against slavery, while they continue, by federal alliance and pecuniary aid, to uphold the practice of it, is a glaring inconsistency, 'seen and read of all men.' Therefore, it is requisite, as a matter of paramount duty, for the people of the free States to withdraw and separate from all alliance, confederacy, and fellowship with slaveite dealers in human flesh, in order to give energy, weight and pungency to their arguments, designed to convince inveterate slaveholders of the enormous wickedness of their doings, and to persuade them to break at once the yoke of bondage, and let the poor enslaved victims of their cruel oppression go free, in obedience to the command of the Almighty, who hath once and again declared Himself no respecter of persons; but determined to avenge the unjust and cruel wrongs done to the poor and needy, for whose redemption and freedom his glorious and well-beloved Son laid down his precious life on the cross. And truly, it must be admitted, that, for people to argue against slavery, while they continue, by federal alliance and pecuniary aid, to uphold the practice of it, is a glaring inconsistency, 'seen and read of all men.' Therefore, it is requisite, as a matter of paramount duty, for the people of the free States to withdraw and separate from all alliance, confederacy, and fellowship with slaveite dealers in human flesh, in order to give energy, weight and pungency to their arguments, designed to convince inveterate slaveholders of the enormous wickedness of their doings, and to persuade them to break at once the yoke of bondage, and let the poor enslaved victims of their cruel oppression go free, in obedience to the command of the Almighty, who hath once and again declared Himself no respecter of persons; but determined to avenge the unjust and cruel wrongs done to the poor and needy, for whose redemption and freedom his glorious and well-beloved Son laid down his precious life on the cross. 28. The free States ought immediately to withdraw and separate from slaveholding communities; because the nineteenth century of our Saviour's glorious 'call to liberty' is too near the decisive judgment-seat of his Millenial reign and kingdom for any people, 'that love his appearing,' to hold alliance, confederacy or fellowship with those ungodly robbers of the poor and dealers in human flesh, that make 'merchandize of the bodies and souls of men, whom the Lord will consume by the spirit of his mouth, and destroy by the brightness of his coming.' 28. The free States ought immediately to withdraw and separate from slaveholding communities; because the nineteenth century of our Saviour's glorious 'call to liberty' 'call to liberty' is too near the decisive judgment-seat of his Millenial reign and kingdom for any people, 'that love his appearing,' to hold alliance, confederacy or fellowship with those ungodly robbers of the poor and dealers in human flesh, that make 'merchandize of the bodies and souls of men, whom the Lord will consume by the spirit of his mouth, and destroy by the brightness of his coming.' 29. This separation of freedom from slavery ought to be achieved without delay; because numerous facts make it evident, that no other peaceful instrumentality can bring inveterate slavemongers to a sense of their 'desperately wicked' and perilous position. But let them once see and feel themselves forsaken of all christian people, and shunned by all civilized States and communities, as being so 'filthy and abominable,' that their very touch is pollution; then will they begin to turn their thought homeward, and inquire what must be the cause of such deep and universal abhorrence, pouring in upon them from every point of the compass. 29. This separation of freedom from slavery ought to be achieved without delay; because numerous facts make it evident, that no other peaceful instrumentality can bring inveterate slavemongers to a sense of their 'desperately wicked' and perilous position. But let them once see and feel themselves forsaken of all christian people, and shunned by all civilized States and communities, as being so 'filthy and abominable,' that their very touch is pollution; then will they begin to turn their thought homeward, and inquire what must be the cause of such deep and universal abhorrence, pouring in upon them from every point of the compass. By pursuing this path of duty in obedience to divine requirement, the people of the free States might confidently hope and expect that God, whose prerogative it is to turn the hearts of men as the rivers of water are turned. would make his arrows of conviction sharp in the heart and conscience of those case-hardened opposers of the inalienable rights of God and man, whereby they would be constrained to fall under Him, in deep repentance, and consequently hasten to 'unloose the bands of wickedness, and break every yoke, and let the oppressed go free.' By pursuing this path of duty in obedience to divine requirement, the people of the free States might confidently hope and expect that God, whose prerogative it is to turn the hearts of men as the rivers of water are turned. would make his arrows of conviction sharp in the heart and conscience of those case-hardened opposers of the inalienable rights of God and man, whereby they would be constrained to fall under Him, in deep repentance, and consequently hasten to 'unloose the bands of wickedness, and break every yoke, and let the oppressed go free.' 30. This ungodly league of confederacy between freedom and slavery ought to be done away; because a large portion of the millions, drawn from the hard earnings of freemen to support the contentions, the wild schemes and selfish plans of slavocratic dominion, might be, and ought to be, infinitely better employed, agreeably to divine command, in facilitating the speed, and extending the glorious flight of the missionary Angel, who has in charge 'the everlasting gospel to preach to every nation, kindred, tongue and people, that dwell on the face of the earth.' In the high way of this infinitely important duty, the people of the free States might be laying up for themselves treasures of glory, and honor and immortality, far beyond the reach of moth and rust, and where no thief can break through and steal.— And while on earth, too, they might enjoy the blessing of God that maketh rich, and dwell under the shadow of the Almighty, whose name is a strong tower, a sun and shield, infinitely more desirable and trust-worthy for defence and safety, than fleets and armies, and gun-powder blazing, and hostile banners waving haughty menace against the claims of the 'PRILCE OF PEACE,' the glorious King of Zion. 30. This ungodly league of confederacy between freedom and slavery ought to be done away; because a large portion of the millions, drawn from the hard earnings of freemen to support the contentions, the wild schemes and selfish plans of slavocratic dominion, might be, might be, and ought to be, ought to be, infinitely better employed, agreeably to divine command, in facilitating the speed, and extending the glorious flight of the missionary Angel, who has in charge 'the everlasting gospel to preach to every nation, kindred, tongue and people, that dwell on the face of the earth.' In the high way of this infinitely important duty, the people of the free States might be laying up for themselves treasures of glory, and honor and immortality, far beyond the reach of moth and rust, and where no thief can break through and steal.— And while on earth, too, they might enjoy the blessing of God that maketh rich, and dwell under the shadow of the Almighty, whose name is a strong tower, a sun and shield, infinitely more desirable and trust-worthy for defence and safety, than fleets and armies, and gun-powder blazing, and hostile banners waving haughty menace against the claims of the 'PRILCE OF PEACE,' the glorious King of Zion. Eight dollars a day to each of the two hundred political deputies, mounts up to $540,000 a year.— This sum would support more than a thousand missionaries in those fields for gospel labor, which now 'are white already to harvest.' And if to this sum were added as many millions as have been, and still are, perverted to the barbarous purpose of destroying or driving away the poor Indians from their native soil and home, to make more room for slavery, soon might every nation, tribe and family on earth, be blessed with the privilege of hearing the glad tidings of gospel grace and joyful sound of salvation, which eighteen centuries past, the special divine command was given to preach the same to every human creature under heaven. But, alas! how long has a wicked, selfish, worldly spirit in men hindered and delayed the fulfilment of this most gracious requirement!! Men will weary themselves for very vanity, and lavish their wealth to forge weapons for human slaughter, and burden the ocean with cargoes of trained battalions and ponderous materials for the destruction of life and property rather than fulfil the blessed and peaceful orders of the glorious captain of our salvation!!! Even in this land (called christian!) numbers there are who rather, (ah! with grief and shame be it spoken) yes, much rather will they hold thousands of their fellow-creatures in abject slavery, far worse than Egyptian bondage, and rob them of all their rights and earnings, and prohibit them the use of the Bible!— all these and more satanic perpetrations of rebellion against the just and righteous claims of God and man they will curse themselves and the nation with, rather than teach the hapless victims of their cruel oppression to read the words of eternal life, or permit them the free and voluntary exercise, use, improvement and benefit of those inalienable rights and attributes of rational existence, with which they were endowed by the wisdom and power of their Almighty Creator. Eight dollars a day to each of the two hundred political deputies, mounts up to $540,000 a year.— This sum would support more than a thousand missionaries in those fields for gospel labor, which now 'are white already to harvest.' And if to this sum were added as many millions as have been, and still are, perverted to the barbarous purpose of destroying or driving away the poor Indians from their native soil and home, to make more room for slavery, soon might every nation, tribe and family on earth, be blessed with the privilege of hearing the glad tidings of gospel grace and joyful sound of salvation, which eighteen centuries past, the special divine command was given to preach the same to every human creature under heaven. But, alas! how long has a wicked, selfish, worldly spirit in men hindered and delayed the fulfilment of this most gracious requirement!! Men will weary themselves for very vanity, and lavish their wealth to forge weapons for human slaughter, and burden the ocean with cargoes of trained battalions and ponderous materials for the destruction of life and property rather than fulfil the blessed and peaceful orders of the glorious captain of our salvation!!! Even in this land (called christian!) numbers there are who rather, (ah! with grief and shame be it spoken) yes, much rather will they hold thousands of their fellow-creatures in abject slavery, far worse than Egyptian bondage, and rob them of all their rights and earnings, and prohibit them the use of the Bible!— all these and more satanic perpetrations of rebellion against the just and righteous claims of God and man they will curse themselves and the nation with, rather than teach the hapless victims of their cruel oppression to read the words of eternal life, read the words of eternal life, or permit them the free and voluntary exercise, use, improvement and benefit of those inalienable rights and attributes of rational existence, with which they were endowed by the wisdom and power of their Almighty Creator. One objection, and but one worthy of notice, is raised against a speedy compliance with the divine command to 'come out from them and be separate.' Difficulties, it is said, lie in the way of freedom's withdrawment from alliance with slavery in this American despotic republic. But why more here than elsewhere? Every unrenewed son of Adam apprehends difficulty in the way of turning from sin to holiness— from satan unto God. But still, duty is ours— results belong to God. What if even the Red Sea stretch across the path-way of freemen's escape from the polluted and deadly embrace of slavocracy? What is the Red Sea, to the breath of Israel's God? What are difficulties, to an arm that is Almighty? What are difficulties, to that faith, which can remove mountains, and cast them into the depth of the sea, if they stand in the pathway of duty? What are Goliaths, within sling-stone-reach of striplings, that move onward 'in the name of the Lord?' What with the thousands of Philistines, when Samson grapples hold of the pillars of Dagon's temple, with an uplifted eye to the glory of God? One objection, and but one worthy of notice, is raised against a speedy compliance with the divine command to 'come out from them and be separate.' Difficulties, it is said, lie in the way of freedom's withdrawment from alliance with slavery in this American despotic republic. But why more here than elsewhere? Every unrenewed son of Adam apprehends difficulty in the way of turning from sin to holiness— from satan unto God. But still, duty is ours— results belong to God. What if even the Red Sea stretch across the path-way of freemen's escape from the polluted and deadly embrace of slavocracy? What is the Red Sea, to the breath of Israel's God? What are difficulties, to an arm that is Almighty? What are difficulties, to that faith, which can remove mountains, and cast them into the depth of the sea, if they stand in the pathway of duty? What are Goliaths, within sling-stone-reach of striplings, that move onward 'in the name of the Lord?' What with the thousands of Philistines, when Samson grapples hold of the pillars of Dagon's temple, with an uplifted eye to the glory of God? SEVENTY-SIXISM. SEVENTY-SIXISM. 

 C.C. Burleigh will please notice that the box of books was forwarded on Tuesday afternoon last, by Gillis & Co's Nashua Express. The 2d, 3d and 4th numbers of 'Gunderode' have not been published, and will not be, unless the subscription fills up, or orders from distant booksellers encourage it. 'Correspondence with a Child' is in 2 volumes, 12mo. Price $2 58. H.W.W. C.C. Burleigh will please notice that the box of books was forwarded on Tuesday afternoon last, by Gillis & Co's Nashua Express. The 2d, 3d and 4th numbers of 'Gunderode' have not been published, and will not be, unless the subscription fills up, or orders from distant booksellers encourage it. 'Correspondence with a Child' is in 2 volumes, 12mo. Price $2 58. H.W.W. 

 A slave girl lately escaped from her master in Albany. The mayor, being called upon to assist in recapturing her, promptly replied, 'In the discharge of my duties as mayor, 1 recognize no obligation to become a slave-catcher.' A slave girl lately escaped from her master in Albany. The mayor, being called upon to assist in recapturing her, promptly replied, 'In the discharge of my duties as mayor, 1 recognize no obligation to become a slave-catcher.' 

 A.S. ADDRESSES ON THE FOURTH OF JULY. A.S. ADDRESSES ON THE FOURTH OF JULY. William Lloyd Garrison will deliver an address on slavery in Lowell— George Bradburn an address in the old South meeting house in Andover— Wendell Phillips an address in Worcester— and C.L. Remond and J.N.T. Tucker addresses in Groton, on Monday next, July 4th— a day which should be specially consecrated by the abolitionists of the United States to the advancement of the cause of universal freedom. William Lloyd Garrison will deliver an address on slavery in Lowell— George Bradburn an address in the old South meeting house in Andover— Wendell Phillips an address in Worcester— and C.L. Remond and J.N.T. Tucker addresses in Groton, on Monday next, July 4th— a day which should be specially consecrated by the abolitionists of the United States to the advancement of the cause of universal freedom. 

 About two months since, we published the statements made by some of the anti-slavery friends in Detroit, relative to Nelson Hacket's case. He was then, as our readers will remember, lying in jail at Detroit. Subsequently, in attempting to take him from Michigan through the free State of Illinois to the land of whips and chains, he freed himself from his irons, and escaped their hands. About two months since, we published the statements made by some of the anti-slavery friends in Detroit, relative to Nelson Hacket's case. He was then, as our readers will remember, lying in jail at Detroit. Subsequently, in attempting to take him from Michigan through the free State of Illinois to the land of whips and chains, he freed himself from his irons, and escaped their hands. The Peoria Register contains the following account of this incident, and also the method of escape from his master in Arkansas. It is to us no way remarkable that 'one of the New-Yorkers' discovered the window to be open, and Nelson gone, when 'one of the New-Yorkers' had been with Nelson alone the evening before. But this whole chapter of Hacket's history is interesting. Read it:— The Peoria Register contains the following account of this incident, and also the method of escape from his master in Arkansas. It is to us no way remarkable that 'one 'one of the New-Yorkers' discovered the window to be open, and Nelson gone, when 'one 'one of the New-Yorkers' had been with Nelson alone alone the evening before. But this whole chapter of Hacket's history is interesting. Read it:— 'In July last, Nelson Hacket, the slave of Alfred Wallace, living in Washington county, Arkansas, stole a horse valued at $300, a gold watch and chain valued at $200, with some minor articles, and fled towards Canada. Being well acquainted with the country for a hundred miles around, he pressed forward with comparative security; but on getting beyond that distance, he was necessarily compelled to be more shy. He travelled only at night, and hiding through the day in the woods, subsisting on such fare as the desert afforded. On reaching the Mississippi river, he luckily found the ferry tended by a negro, of whom it is believed he made a confidant, as the same negro subsequently denied all knowledge of the fugitive's passing that way. The friend thus gained, doubtless furnished him with a supply of food, while by his advice he was probably enabled to proceed more boldly. Avoiding the thoroughfares, he made for Marion city on the Mississippi, where, from his appearance and the plausibility of his manners, he crossed into Illinois without being at all suspected by the ferryman. 'In July last, Nelson Hacket, the slave of Alfred Wallace, living in Washington county, Arkansas, stole a horse valued at $300, a gold watch and chain valued at $200, with some minor articles, and fled towards Canada. Being well acquainted with the country for a hundred miles around, he pressed forward with comparative security; but on getting beyond that distance, he was necessarily compelled to be more shy. He travelled only at night, and hiding through the day in the woods, subsisting on such fare as the desert afforded. On reaching the Mississippi river, he luckily found the ferry tended by a negro, of whom it is believed he made a confidant, as the same negro subsequently denied all knowledge of the fugitive's passing that way. The friend thus gained, doubtless furnished him with a supply of food, while by his advice he was probably enabled to proceed more boldly. Avoiding the thoroughfares, he made for Marion city on the Mississippi, where, from his appearance and the plausibility of his manners, he crossed into Illinois without being at all suspected by the ferryman. Here he breathed freer, and ventured to pursue his journey in the day time. His appearance was greatly in his favor. He was handsomely formed, about 30 years old, of very prepossessing address, wore his hair nicely combed, was very genteelly clad, and was in short a negro dandy. As he journeyed, he would sometimes represent himself as being a free man, living in some country before him, and at others, when he thought it would better answer his purpose, as a slave escaping from bondage. Thus he travelled through this State, Ohio, and Michigan, to the Canada line, which he found no difficulty in crossing, and arrived in Sandwich, in September, where he fancied himself secure. Here he breathed freer, and ventured to pursue his journey in the day time. His appearance was greatly in his favor. He was handsomely formed, about 30 years old, of very prepossessing address, wore his hair nicely combed, was very genteelly clad, and was in short a negro dandy. As he journeyed, he would sometimes represent himself as being a free man, living in some country before him, and at others, when he thought it would better answer his purpose, as a slave escaping from bondage. Thus he travelled through this State, Ohio, and Michigan, to the Canada line, which he found no difficulty in crossing, and arrived in Sandwich, in September, where he fancied himself secure. During all this time, however, the officers of justice were in hot pursuit. The owner of the negro relinquished all claim to him, and he was followed with a warrant to arrest him on the criminal charges spoken of. No trace of him could be found till the officers reached Marion city, where, getting on the track, they were able to keep it till they came upon him in Sandwich, ten days after his arrival there. The horse and watch were found in his possession; and the owner of the former being one of the pursuers, it was surrendered up to him. The watch was retained till further evidence could be obtained, and Nelson was committed to jail, to await a requisition from the Governor of Arkansas to the Governor of Canada. During all this time, however, the officers of justice were in hot pursuit. The owner of the negro relinquished all claim to him, and he was followed with a warrant to arrest him on the criminal charges spoken of. No trace of him could be found till the officers reached Marion city, where, getting on the track, they were able to keep it till they came upon him in Sandwich, ten days after his arrival there. The horse and watch were found in his possession; and the owner of the former being one of the pursuers, it was surrendered up to him. The watch was retained till further evidence could be obtained, and Nelson was committed to jail, to await a requisition from the Governor of Arkansas to the Governor of Canada. The requisition was received in February, where-upon Nelson was brought over to the United States and delivered into the custody of Mr. Davenport, who committed him to the jail in Detroit until the opening of the navigation on the upper lakes. A few days previous to such opening, Mr. Evans arrived from Arkansas, with full power from the civil authorities to take him in charge; and engaging Mr. Davenport to accompany him, they left in one of the first vessels. Either while on the passage, or as they were about to leave Detroit, they casually fell in with four men, from Western New-York, bound to Iowa, for the purpose of examining the country with a view to their removal there. These men seemed to enter cordially into the interests of the conductors of the prisoner, and offered to relieve them in watching him, which service was readily accepted. The fugitive was furnished with a pair of hobbles at Detroit, which he continued to wear throughout the journey. The requisition was received in February, where-upon Nelson was brought over to the United States and delivered into the custody of Mr. Davenport, who committed him to the jail in Detroit until the opening of the navigation on the upper lakes. A few days previous to such opening, Mr. Evans arrived from Arkansas, with full power from the civil authorities to take him in charge; and engaging Mr. Davenport to accompany him, they left in one of the first vessels. Either while on the passage, or as they were about to leave Detroit, they casually fell in with four men, from Western New-York, bound to Iowa, for the purpose of examining the country with a view to their removal there. These men seemed to enter cordially into the interests of the conductors of the prisoner, and offered to relieve them in watching him, which service was readily accepted. The fugitive was furnished with a pair of hobbles at Detroit, which he continued to wear throughout the journey. The vessel arrived at Chicago— passages for seven were taken in Winter's stage for Peoria, and every thing went on well. On the third night, all arrived at Princeton, Bureau county, the immediate conductors of the negro congratulating themselves that in one day more they would again be on a steamboat, and in another day in a slave State, where there chief anxiety would be over. How far they were justified in indulging in these anticipations will soon appear. The vessel arrived at Chicago— passages for seven were taken in Winter's stage for Peoria, and every thing went on well. On the third night, all arrived at Princeton, Bureau county, the immediate conductors of the negro congratulating themselves that in one day more they would again be on a steamboat, and in another day in a slave State, where there chief anxiety would be over. How far they were justified in indulging in these anticipations will soon appear. Care was taken to keep Nelson as secluded from observation as possible, and he had no converse with a single person in Princeton. After supper, the whole party were furnished with a room in the second story of the tavern, in which all retired to rest about 9 o'clock. Every window was closed, and it was observed that they shut down very closely, and could not be raised without considerable effort, attended with noise. All continued awake and in conversation till 12 o'clock, when they sunk into a profound sleep. One of the New-Yorkers awakening at half past 3, and lighting a candle, discovered a window to be open, and on looking for Nelson, lo! he was gone! The alarm was instantly sounded— scouts were sent in every direction— and every possible means used to discover the fugitive; but all were unsuccessful. How he escaped defies all conjecture. How he could have freed himself from his irons without making a noise, or how he could have raised the window without being heard, or how he could have afterwards concealed himself so as to evade the minute search which followed, is altogether inexplicable. The jump from the window was by no means perilous, it being but 10 or 12 feet from the ground, but every thing else connected with his escape is a mystery. It is possible that one of the New-Yorkers may have proved treacherous, as he was alone with the negro the evening before when the others were at supper; but even if disposed, it is not seen how he could have helped him. Care was taken to keep Nelson as secluded from observation as possible, and he had no converse with a single person in Princeton. After supper, the whole party were furnished with a room in the second story of the tavern, in which all retired to rest about 9 o'clock. Every window was closed, and it was observed that they shut down very closely, and could not be raised without considerable effort, attended with noise. All continued awake and in conversation till 12 o'clock, when they sunk into a profound sleep. One of the New-Yorkers awakening at half past 3, and lighting a candle, discovered a window to be open, and on looking for Nelson, lo! he was gone! The alarm was instantly sounded— scouts were sent in every direction— and every possible means used to discover the fugitive; but all were unsuccessful. How he escaped defies all conjecture. How he could have freed himself from his irons without making a noise, or how he could have raised the window without being heard, or how he could have afterwards concealed himself so as to evade the minute search which followed, is altogether inexplicable. The jump from the window was by no means perilous, it being but 10 or 12 feet from the ground, but every thing else connected with his escape is a mystery. It is possible that one of the New-Yorkers may have proved treacherous, as he was alone with the negro the evening before when the others were at supper; but even if disposed, it is not seen how he could have helped him. The four New-Yorkers continued on to Peoria next day, whence they proceeded on their journey. Messrs. Davenport and Evans remained behind, continuing in search for Nelson, and did not reach here till the day after. They have offered a reward of $200 for the apprehension and delivery of the fugitive to the jailer of St. Louis, or $100 if delivered to the jailer at Detroit, which will be paid by either of those persons.' The four New-Yorkers continued on to Peoria next day, whence they proceeded on their journey. Messrs. Davenport and Evans remained behind, continuing in search for Nelson, and did not reach here till the day after. They have offered a reward of $200 for the apprehension and delivery of the fugitive to the jailer of St. Louis, or $100 if delivered to the jailer at Detroit, which will be paid by either of those persons.' In a postscript, Nelson is said to have been retaken Meanest of all, it is said he was delivered up by one who calls himself an abolitionist. Will not the Register, or some anti-slavery paper in Illinois, give us the name of this man? He will one day be ashamed of having delivered over into the power of the kidnapper, the poor, panting fugitive, who, 'when he was an hungered,' asked him for bread! In a postscript, Nelson is said to have been retaken Meanest of all, it is said he was delivered up by one who calls himself an abolitionist. Will not the Register, or some anti-slavery paper in Illinois, give us the name of this man? He will one day be ashamed of having delivered over into the power of the kidnapper, the poor, panting fugitive, who, 'when he was an hungered,' asked him for bread! 'We learn that the negro has been taken, which welcome intelligence Messrs. Davenport and Evans received by a letter from Princeton on Saturday evening. It appears that he had wandered about for two days and nights through the prairie and timber, and, losing his way, was taken only seven miles from Princeton, by a man into whose house he went for the purpose of obtaining something to eat. His captor arrived, having him in charge, on Monday morning, just in time for the Mermaid, which was about hauling out for St. Louis, and was promptly paid the promised reward. We are informed that he is an abolitionist, but one who was determined to show, as he said, that abolitionists are not the men to connive at the escape of a criminal from merited punishment.' 'We learn that the negro has been taken, which welcome intelligence Messrs. Davenport and Evans received by a letter from Princeton on Saturday evening. It appears that he had wandered about for two days and nights through the prairie and timber, and, losing his way, was taken only seven miles from Princeton, by a man into whose house he went for the purpose of obtaining something to eat. His captor arrived, having him in charge, on Monday morning, just in time for the Mermaid, which was about hauling out for St. Louis, and was promptly paid the promised reward. We are informed that he is an abolitionist, but one who was determined to show, as he said, that abolitionists are not the men to connive at the escape of a criminal from merited punishment.' From the Friend of Man. From the Friend of Man. An Anti-Slavery Society Organized South of Mason and Dixon's Line. An Anti-Slavery Society Organized South of Mason and Dixon's Line. The following letter from our Tennessee correspondent is of thrilling interest. The Rubicon is passed! Anti-slavery has obtained a foothold on the other— the slaveholding side of the line! For a long time we have known that the spirit of freedom was there— struggling amid the monuments of oppression, to gain for itself a form and name. Here we have it— a precious germ— the Gerard Valley Anti-Slavery Society. This feeble band, gathered amid the hosts of oppression, shall yet prove victorious, through the might of holy principle. In this first modern anti-slavery organization in a slave State will be found a living germ, that shall yet propagate itself throughout the South. The following letter from our Tennessee correspondent is of thrilling interest. The Rubicon is passed! Anti-slavery has obtained a foothold on the other— the slaveholding side of the line! For a long time we have known that the spirit of freedom was there— struggling amid the monuments of oppression, to gain for itself a form and name. Here we have it— a precious germ— the Gerard Valley Anti-Slavery Society. the Gerard Valley Anti-Slavery Society. This feeble band, gathered amid the hosts of oppression, shall yet prove victorious, through the might of holy principle. In this first modern anti-slavery organization in a slave State will be found a living germ, germ, that shall yet propagate itself throughout the South. Anti-Slavery Meeting at Ramsboro, Tenn. Anti-Slavery Meeting at Ramsboro, Tenn. According to previous appointment, a large number of our citizens met at Ramsboro, on Friday the 1st inst., for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of abolishing slavery in East Tennessee. According to previous appointment, a large number of our citizens met at Ramsboro, on Friday the 1st inst., for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of abolishing slavery in East Tennessee. The meeting was called to order by the appointment of Richard Chester to preside, and Jefferson Kinney Secretary. The meeting was called to order by the appointment of Richard Chester to preside, and Jefferson Kinney Secretary. The Chairman addressed the meeting for some 35 minutes, on the all-absorbing subject of anti-slavery in the United States, and particularly in East Tennessee. He then submitted the following resolutions which had been drawn up by some friends previous to the meeting, all of which were UNANIMOUSLY ADOPTED: The Chairman addressed the meeting for some 35 minutes, on the all-absorbing subject of anti-slavery in the United States, and particularly in East Tennessee. He then submitted the following resolutions which had been drawn up by some friends previous to the meeting, all of which were all of which were UNANIMOUSLY ADOPTED: Resolved, That this Society shall be called the Gerard Valley Anti-Slavery Society. Resolved, That this Society shall be called the Gerard Valley Anti-Slavery Society. Resolved, That in no instance will we encourage any man in business who is himself a slaveholder. Resolved, That in no instance will we encourage any man in business who is himself a slaveholder. Resolved, That we believe slaveholding to be a sin, and ought to be abolished forth with. Resolved, That we believe slaveholding to be a sin, and ought to be abolished forth with. Resolved, That we believe it to be the duty of every Christian to use all proper efforts to remove the sin of slaveholding from our beloved country, and to extend the hand of fellowship to the slaveholder is to justify man-stealing and other ABOMINABLE crimes. Resolved, That we believe it to be the duty of every Christian to use all proper efforts to remove the sin of slaveholding from our beloved country, and to extend the hand of fellowship hand of fellowship to the slaveholder is to justify man-stealing man-stealing and other ABOMINABLE crimes. Resolved, That this Society elect a Secretary annually for the purpose of registering the proceedings of each and every meeting; also that a book shall be furnished the Secretary for that purpose. Resolved, That this Society elect a Secretary annually for the purpose of registering the proceedings of each and every meeting; also that a book shall be furnished the Secretary for that purpose. Resolved, That the proceedings of the meeting be signed by the Chairman and Secretary, and forwarded to the papers published in East Tennessee, (and all others friendly to the cause) for publication. Resolved, That the proceedings of the meeting be signed by the Chairman and Secretary, and forwarded to the papers published in East Tennessee, (and all others friendly to the cause) for publication. After the adoption of the foregoing resolutions, Mr. Jeffrey arose, and addressed the meeting for some time, producing a wonderful effect on the assembly. Several persons who had come to the meeting for the sole purpose of raising a disturbance, and if possible preventing our friends from attending to the duties of the day, joined our Society. I can assure our friends at the North and East, that our cause is onward and upward. The friends of the slave at this end of the State are using all honorable means to promote the interests of the unfortunate African race. After the adoption of the foregoing resolutions, Mr. Jeffrey arose, and addressed the meeting for some time, producing a wonderful effect on the assembly. Several persons who had come to the meeting for the sole purpose of raising a disturbance, and if possible preventing our friends from attending to the duties of the day, joined our Society. I can assure our friends at the North and East, that our cause is onward and upward. The friends of the slave at this end of the State are using all honorable means to promote the interests of the unfortunate African race. Our next meeting will be held at Ruckersville, five miles West of this place, (Jonesboro') on the 20th of May next. At which time we anticipate a general meeting of all our friends in East Tennessee, and I hope to be able to attend at that time in person. Our next meeting will be held at Ruckersville, five miles West of this place, (Jonesboro') on the 20th of May next. At which time we anticipate a general meeting of all our friends in East Tennessee, and I hope to be able to attend at that time in person. Your friend, &c. Your friend, &c. 

 The cry of the oppressed hath reached our ears, and we have resolved to come to the rescue. A glorious meeting will be held in this town on the 4th of July next, at Pic-Nic Grove, IN ORIENTAL STYLE, to devise and carry into operation, measures for the liberation of three millions of AMERICAN CITIZENS from the chains of slavery, into, which they have been maliciously and most wickedly thrust by professed freemen, in violation of the 'inalienable rights' of man, and in violation of the object and design of our 'republic.' The cry of the oppressed hath reached our ears, and we have resolved to come to the rescue. A glorious meeting will be held in this town on the 4th of July next, at Pic-Nic Grove, IN ORIENTAL STYLE, to devise and carry into operation, measures for the liberation of three millions of three millions of AMERICAN CITIZENS from the chains of slavery, into, which they have been maliciously and most wickedly thrust by professed freemen, in violation of the 'inalienable rights' of man, and in violation of the object and design of our 'republic.' It is expected that the people will come in from the adjoining towns— Littleton, Westford, Shirley, Pepperell, Townsend, &c., and join the patriotic work. It is expected that the people the people will come in from the adjoining towns— Littleton, Westford, Shirley, Pepperell, Townsend, &c. , , and join the patriotic work. The Ladies all desire to attend, and we doubt not the Gentlemen will exhibit gallantry enough to see them provided with means of conveyance. The Ladies all desire to attend, Ladies all desire to attend, and we doubt not the Gentlemen Gentlemen will exhibit gallantry enough to see them provided with means of conveyance. It is the People's cause, and we are gratified that the People, in all the region around us, are making arrangements to attend, and will join in our response to the eloquent appeal of the Freeman's poet, J.G. WHITTIER, and send the cry out upon the wings of the wind It is the People's cause, People's cause, and we are gratified that the People, in all the region around us, are making arrangements to attend, and will join in our response to the eloquent appeal of the Freeman's poet, Freeman's poet, J.G. WHITTIER, and send the cry out upon the wings of the wind 'Up now for Freedom!— not in strife,Like that our sterner fathers saw—The awful waste of human life—The glory and the guilt of war;But break the chain— the yoke remove—And smite to earth Oppression's rod,With those mild arms of Truth and Love,Made mighty through the living God!' 'Up now now for Freedom!— not in strife,Like that our sterner fathers saw—The awful waste of human life—The glory and the guilt of war;But break the chain— the yoke remove—And smite to earth Oppression's rod,With those mild arms of Truth and Love,Made mighty through the living God!'        Interesting discussions will be had during the evening, in which C.L. Remond, and J.N.T. Tucker will participate, with others. Interesting discussions will be had during the evening, in which C.L. Remond, and J.N.T. Tucker will participate, with others. Groton, June 14, 1042. Groton, June 14, 1042. 

 'Libertus et natale solum.' 'Libertus et natale solum.' 'Fine words! I wonder where they stole 'em.' 'Fine words! I wonder where they stole 'em.' Ireland, with all her troubles and evils, had escaped any association with negro slavery until the Repealers of our times accepted the bribe of their New-Orleans sympathizers, on a day never to be erased from the annals of infamy, Saturday, May 21, 1842. Ireland, with all her troubles and evils, had escaped any association with negro slavery until the Repealers of our times accepted the bribe of their New-Orleans sympathizers, on a day never to be erased from the annals of infamy, Saturday, May 21, 1842. Upon that day, the Irish National Repeal Association in Dublin received, with abundant declarations of gratitude, two letters from America, dated April 16, 1842; another from a general Repeal Convention, held in that country, and a fourth from the 'Albany Repeal Association.' Upon that day, the Irish National Repeal Association in Dublin received, with abundant declarations of gratitude, two letters from America, dated April 16, 1842; another from a general Repeal Convention, held in that country, and a fourth from the 'Albany Repeal Association.' The first of those two letters containing the remittance, or bribe, of two hundred pounds, forwarded by the 'Louisiana Irish Repeal Association,' is dated 'New-Orleans, April 16, 1842,' and signed 'Dennis Corcoran, Corresponding Secretary of the Irish Repeal Association of Louisiana.' That Corresponding Secretary says, in terms of bitter sorrow and complaint,— 'We, Repealers, here have had too much to contend with— the leven of what appears to be the old Orange party has sprung up here, or at least, a party as illiberal. They coupled you with the abolition of slavery in these southern States of the Union— they linked us in opinion with you on that question, and branded us all as abolitionists— as enemies of the institutions under which we live.' 'In the name of that Society of which I have the honor to be Secretary, and in behalf of your countrymen in the slaveholding States, I pray you to leave to Americans the control of their own institutions.' The first of those two letters containing the remittance, or bribe, of two hundred pounds, forwarded by the 'Louisiana Irish Repeal Association,' is dated 'New-Orleans, April 16, 1842,' and signed 'Dennis Corcoran, Corresponding Secretary of the Irish Repeal Association of Louisiana.' That Corresponding Secretary says, in terms of bitter sorrow and complaint,— 'We, Repealers, here have had too much to contend with— the leven of what appears to be the old Orange party has sprung up here, or at least, a party as illiberal. They coupled you with the abolition of slavery in these southern States of the Union— they linked us in opinion with you on that question, and branded us all as abolitionists and branded us all as abolitionists — as enemies of the institutions under which we live.' 'In the name of that Society of which I have the honor to be Secretary, and in behalf of your countrymen in the slaveholding States, I pray you to leave to Americans the control of their own institutions.' leave to Americans the control of their own institutions.' The Albany appeal, be it well remembered, comes not from a slave State of the South, but from the State of New-York, in the North. We shall not stop here to admire the consistency which qualifies your American Repealers to protest against foreign interference with 'the institutions' and 'the constitutional' question of slavery in America, at the same time that they are engaged in hostile interference with the institutions and constitutional questions of this United Kingdom, and actually embody these remonstrances, in the documents which constitute such interference. We proceed at once to the statement of some facts, which will enable the public to estimate accurately the characters of those Repealers and sympathizers. The Albany appeal, be it well remembered, comes not from a slave State of the South, but from the State of New-York, in the North. We shall not stop here to admire the consistency which qualifies your American Repealers to protest against foreign interference with 'the institutions' and 'the constitutional' question of slavery in America, at the same time that they are engaged in hostile interference with the institutions and constitutional questions of this United Kingdom, and actually embody these remonstrances, in the documents which constitute such interference. We proceed at once to the statement of some facts, which will enable the public to estimate accurately the characters of those Repealers and sympathizers. They say— 'The evil of slavery will be remedied in time.' Let us see what has been already done by 'time' towards the remedy of the evil, either in the United States generally, or in the particular State of Louisiana, from which the bribe of £200 has been remitted. In the United States, generally, the total number of slaves was, in the year 1810, 1, 191,364; in 1820, 1,538,064; in 1830, 2,009,031; in 1840, 2,487,113. Thus 'time' has more than doubled the number of slaves in the United States within that comparatively short period, and added no less than 1,295,749 to the unchristion roll. So much for the 'remedy by time' in the States at large. Let us now see the progress and results of its influence in the particular State of Louisiana. In the year 1810, the slaves of Louisiana amounted to 34,660; in 1820, 69,064; in 1830, 109,588; in 1840, 108,452!! Thus, in that single State, the remedy by 'time' has multiplied the number of slaves nearly fivefold, by adding 133,792 in 1840, to the amount of 34,660 in 1810. They formed about one-half of the inhabitants of that State at both periods, the population being in 1810, 76,556; and in 1840, 352,411. So much for the remedy of slavery in America by 'time'! Should we require any illustration of that slavery towards which such delicacy, forbearance, and protection is exhibited by Repealers and sympathisers in America and Ireland, we need only turn to the files of the public journals of the same State of Louisiana, nay, of that same city, its capital, New-Orleans, from which the £200 bribe has been received by the Dublin Repeal Association; still more, we need only turn to a single New-Orleans paper— of precisely the same date with the address conveying the bribe— namely, that guilty Saturday, April 16th, 1842. They say— 'The evil of slavery will be remedied in time.' Let us see what has been already done by 'time' towards the remedy of the evil, either in the United States generally, or in the particular State of Louisiana, from which the bribe of £200 has been remitted. In the United States, generally, the total number of slaves was, in the year 1810, 1, 191,364; in 1820, 1,538,064; in 1830, 2,009,031; in 1840, 2,487,113. Thus 'time' has more than doubled the number of slaves in the United States within that comparatively short period, and added no less than 1,295,749 to the unchristion roll. So much for the 'remedy by time' in the States at large. Let us now see the progress and results of its influence in the particular State of Louisiana. In the year 1810, the slaves of Louisiana amounted to 34,660; in 1820, 69,064; in 1830, 109,588; in 1840, 108,452!! Thus, in that single State, the remedy by 'time' has multiplied the number of slaves nearly fivefold, by adding 133,792 in 1840, to the amount of 34,660 in 1810. They formed about one-half of the inhabitants of that State at both periods, the population being in 1810, 76,556; and in 1840, 352,411. So much for the remedy of slavery in America by 'time'! Should we require any illustration of that slavery towards which such delicacy, forbearance, and protection is exhibited by Repealers and sympathisers in America and Ireland, we need only turn to the files of the public journals of the same State of Louisiana, nay, of that same city, its capital, New-Orleans, from which the £200 bribe has been received by the Dublin Repeal Association; still more, we need only turn to a single New-Orleans paper— of precisely the same date with the address conveying the bribe— namely, that guilty Saturday, April 16th, 1842. The New-Orleans Bee, Saturday, April 16th, 1842, contains two advertisements of sales by auction, by the Sheriff of the parish of Orleans:— The New-Orleans Bee, New-Orleans Bee, Saturday, April 16th, 1842, contains two advertisements of sales by auction, by the Sheriff of the parish of Orleans:— No. 1— 'Steven, mulatto boy, aged about 17 years; seized in the suit of Lombard v. Varney.' No. 1— 'Steven, mulatto boy, aged about 17 years; seized in the suit of Lombard v v . Varney.' No. 2— 'Slave, Mathilde, negress, aged about 23 years; seized in the suit of Campbell v. Leonard & Co.' No. 2— 'Slave, Mathilde, negress, aged about 23 years; seized in the suit of Campbell v. v. Leonard & Co.' The same journal contains also the following advertisements:— The same journal contains also the following advertisements:— No. 3— 'Sale by the United States Marshal:— On the 16th day of April, 1842, (this day,) at the hour of 12 o'clock, n., all the right, title, and interest of the defendant, in and to the following named slaves, to wit: Ellen, a negro woman, aged about 40 years; Isaac, aged about 14 years. Terms cash.' No. 3— 'Sale by the United States Marshal:— On the 16th day of April, 1842, (this day,) at the hour of 12 o'clock, n., all the right, title, and interest of the defendant, in and to the following named slaves, to wit: Ellen, a negro woman, aged about 40 years; Isaac, aged about 14 years. Terms cash.' No. 4— 'Sales by Auction, by Jos. A. Beard, & Co; Valuable city slaves, sold on account of departure— viz: The negro man, Jack 30 years of age. The negress, Henney, 24 years; and three children— viz. John, 4 years; Louise, 2 years,; and Joseph, 5 months. Terms: half cash; balance at 4 months, for notes endorsed to the satisfaction of the vendor, and mortgage, until final payment.' No. 4— 'Sales by Auction, by Jos. A. Beard, & Co; Valuable city slaves, sold on account of departure— viz: The negro man, Jack 30 years of age. The negress, Henney, 24 years; and three children— viz. John, 4 years; Louise, 2 years,; and Joseph, 5 months. Terms: half cash; balance at 4 months, for notes endorsed to the satisfaction of the vendor, and mortgage, until final payment.' No. 5— 'BY J.A. BEARD & Co.— NURSE AND HOUSE GIRLS.— Will be sold by Auction, on Tuesday, 19th instant; at 12 o'clock, at the St. Louis Exchange, the following valuable young slaves:— No. 5— 'BY J.A. BEARD & Co.— NURSE AND HOUSE GIRLS.— Will be sold by Auction, on Tuesday, 19th instant; at 12 o'clock, at the St. Louis Exchange, the following valuable young slaves:— Cecilia, aged 13, good nurse; and sews well. Cecilia, aged 13, good nurse; and sews well. Mary, aged 12, good nurse; and sews well. Mary, aged 12, good nurse; and sews well. Patsy, aged 9, good nurse; and sews well. Patsy, aged 9, good nurse; and sews well. Susan, aged 8, good nurse; and sews well. Susan, aged 8, good nurse; and sews well. The above slaves have been raised in respectable families, and sold for no fault.' The above slaves have been raised raised in respectable families, and sold for no fault.' No. 6— 'BY J.A. BEARD & Co.— SLAVES, SLAVES, SLAVES!— At Banks' Arcade, on Saturday, the 16th instant, at 12 o'clock, n., will be sold without reserve, to close consignments of several lots of negroes, the owners being about to leave the city:— No. 6— 'BY J.A. BEARD & Co.— SLAVES, SLAVES, SLAVES!— At Banks' Arcade, on Saturday, the 16th instant, at 12 o'clock, n., will be sold without reserve, to close consignments of several lots of negroes, will be sold without reserve, to close consignments of several lots of negroes, the owners being about to leave the city:— Boy Anthony, 27 years old; Peggy, (his wife) 26 years old, and boy child, 4 years old, good field hands. Boy Anthony, 27 years old; Peggy, (his wife) 26 years old, and boy child, 4 years old, good field hands. Edward, 29 years old, good field hands. Edward, 29 years old, good field hands. Girl Hannah, 27 years old, good field hands. Girl Hannah, 27 years old, good field hands. Sopha, 22 years old, good field hands. Sopha, 22 years old, good field hands. Boy Willis, 25 years old, good field hands. Boy Willis, 25 years old, good field hands. Amer 13 years old very smart and active: Amer 13 years old very smart and active: Chelsy, 25; his wife, (Jabel,) 21, field hands. Chelsy, 25; his wife, (Jabel,) 21, field hands. Boy Jim, 10, brought up in the house. Boy Jim, 10, brought up in the house. Girl Mary, 23, and her child 3, good cook, washer and ironer. Girl Mary, 23, and her child 3, good cook, washer and ironer. Boy Judson, 30; his wife Mary, 26, field hands. Boy Judson, 30; his wife Mary, 26, field hands. Girl Cresey, 30, good cook, washer and ironer: Girl Cresey, 30, good cook, washer and ironer: Harriet, 27, and child 2, washer and ironer: Harriet, 27, and child 2, washer and ironer: Diana, 33, 2 children, 4 and 1, washer and ironer: Diana, 33, 2 children, 4 and 1, washer and ironer: All fully guaranteed against the vices and maladies prescribed by law. Terms, cash.' All fully guaranteed against the vices and maladies prescribed by law. Terms, cash.' No. 7— 'BY VINCENT & DEPERIET.— Will be sold on Monday; the 18th of April, the following property— viz: 250 shares of the citizens bank stock, one negro woman, named Rosine, aged about 38 years. Terms, cash.' No. 7— 'BY VINCENT & DEPERIET.— Will be sold on Monday; the 18th of April, the following property— viz: 250 shares of the citizens bank stock, one negro woman, named Rosine, aged about 38 years. Terms, cash.' No. 8— 'STATE OF LOUISIANA— PARISH OF ST. BERNARD— COURT OF PROBATES.— By virtue of an order of the Court of Probates, of this parish, will be sold by the undersigned, at the City Exchange, St. Louis-street, in the city of New-Orleans, on Thursday, the 28th day of April, 1842, the following slaves,' &c. No. 8— 'STATE OF LOUISIANA— PARISH OF ST. BERNARD— COURT OF PROBATES.— By virtue of an order of the Court of Probates, of this parish, will be sold by the undersigned, at the City Exchange, St. Louis-street, in the city of New-Orleans, on Thursday, the 28th day of April, 1842, the following slaves,' &c. Forty-four human beings, including two infants at breast, are specifically offered for sale in this lot. The advertisement is signed— 'OCTAVE S. ROUSSEAU, Judge.' Forty-four human beings, including two infants at breast, are specifically offered for sale in this lot. The advertisement is signed— 'OCTAVE S. ROUSSEAU, Judge.' Another New-Orleans paper, (Le Courier de la Louisiana, April 18, 1842,) contains a still greater number of advertisements for sales of slaves, together with other properties, all included as property in the same list. Another New-Orleans paper, ( Le Courier de la Louisiana, Le Courier de la Louisiana, April 18, 1842,) contains a still greater number of advertisements for sales of slaves, together with other properties, all included as property in the same list. The New-Orleans Commercial Bulletin, April 19, 1842, contains the following advertisements:— The New-Orleans Commercial Bulletin, The New-Orleans Commercial Bulletin, April 19, 1842, contains the following advertisements:— No. 9— 'NEGROES.— The subscriber is ready at all times to make liberal advances on all consignments made to him in cash. Also will pay the highest price for likely negroes, of good character and quality, sound and fully guaranteed in, by forfeit. Also will buy and sell slaves on commission: Persons arriving at the city will profit by giving me a show— at the same time, a likely lot are on hand for sale, Counting-room of S.N. Kite, 123, Commonstreet. No. 9— 'NEGROES.— The subscriber is ready at all times to make liberal advances on all consignments made to him in cash. Also will pay the highest price for likely negroes, likely negroes, of good character and quality, sound and fully guaranteed in, by forfeit. Also will buy and sell slaves on commission: Persons arriving at the city will profit by giving me a show— at the same time, a likely lot are on hand for sale, a likely lot are on hand for sale, Counting-room of S.N. Kite, 123, Commonstreet. Another number of the same Journal, April 20, contains the following advertisements:— Another number of the same Journal, April 20, contains the following advertisements:— No. 10— 'LIBERAL ADVANCES.— Bery, Kendig, & Co. are prepared to make liberal advances on slaves and all other property placed in their hands for sale.' No. 10— 'LIBERAL ADVANCES.— Bery, Kendig, & Co. are prepared to make liberal advances on slaves and all other property slaves and all other property placed in their hands for sale.' No. 11— 'NEGROES, NEGROES!— By J.A. Beard & Co.— Will be sold at Auction, on Wednesday, 20th inst., at 12 o'clock, at the St. Louis Exchange, twenty-five likely field hands. Full particulars of each slave at the sale.' No. 11— 'NEGROES, NEGROES!— By J.A. Beard & Co.— Will be sold at Auction, on Wednesday, 20th inst., at 12 o'clock, at the St. Louis Exchange, twenty-five likely field hands. Full particulars of each slave at the sale.' No. 12— 'NEGROES FOR SALE.— A lot of 30 likely acclimated negroes will be sold for cash, or exchanged for sugar. Apply to Arthur Fulton & Co., Fouche Fouche's-street, near Poydras.' No. 12— 'NEGROES FOR SALE.— A lot of 30 likely likely acclimated negroes will be sold for cash, or exchanged for sugar. sold for cash, or exchanged for sugar. Apply to Arthur Fulton & Co., Fouche Fouche's-street, near Poydras.' Such are the deeds of our lecturers on liberty! Oh! most odious hypocrisy of those Dublin Repealers! Surely, if they cannot imitate the penitense of PETER, they might at least, be stricken with the remorse of JUDAS, and give back the bribe. Such are the deeds of our lecturers on liberty! Oh! most odious hypocrisy of those Dublin Repealers! Surely, if they cannot imitate the penitense of PETER, they might at least, be stricken with the remorse of JUDAS, and give back the bribe. 

 The Worcester Anti-Slavery Society having made arrangements for the appropriate observance of the approaching Anniversary of the American Independence, do invite ALL who are interested in the great cause to attend. WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq., of Boston, will deliver the oration. His character as a public speaker will doubtless insure a full attendance. The Worcester Anti-Slavery Society having made arrangements for the appropriate observance of the approaching Anniversary of the American Independence, do invite ALL who are interested in the great cause to attend. WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq., of Boston, will deliver the oration. His character as a public speaker will doubtless insure a full attendance. Arrangements have been made with Mr. R.W. Adams of the American Temperance House to furnish dinners for all who may attend. The Order of Exercises will be published hereafter. Arrangements have been made with Mr. R.W. Adams of the American Temperance House to furnish dinners for all who may attend. The Order of Exercises will be published hereafter. By order of the Committee, By order of the Committee, WM. BUFFUM, Chairman. WM. BUFFUM, Chairman. Chairman. Worcester, June 29. Worcester, June 29. 

 It may be deemed uncourteous by some, to presume to meddle with the domestic arrangements of our worthy President; but the following little incident will help to illustrate the blessings of the 'patriarchal institution,' and substantiate the oft-repeated assertion that the slaves are well used, contented, and happy. It may be deemed uncourteous by some, to presume to meddle with the domestic arrangements of our worthy President; but the following little incident will help to illustrate the blessings of the 'patriarchal institution,' and substantiate the oft-repeated assertion that the slaves are well used, contented, and happy. A gentleman of Troy, just returned from Washington, called at our office a few days since; and, on his observing that he had just returned from there, we inquired if he had seen any thing of the workings of slavery. He answered he had; and remarked that among other things, he was one day walking in the grounds attached to the 'white house,' when he came in contact with a respectable looking colored man; when the following brief conversation took place between them. A gentleman of Troy, just returned from Washington, called at our office a few days since; and, on his observing that he had just returned from there, we inquired if he had seen any thing of the workings of slavery. He answered he had; and remarked that among other things, he was one day walking in the grounds attached to the 'white house,' when he came in contact with a respectable looking colored man; when the following brief conversation took place between them. Mr. ----- to the colored man: Are you a free man? Mr. Mr. ----- to the colored man: Are you a free man? Colored Man. No, Sir, I am a slave! Colored Man. Colored Man. No, Sir, I am a slave! slave! Mr. ----- Well, I suppose you do not care for that— you must be happy and contented in such a situation as this, and withal, a slave to the President; are you not? Mr. Mr. ----- Well, I suppose you do not care for that— you must be happy and contented in such a situation as this, and withal, a slave slave to the President; are you not? Colored Man. I do not know, Sir, why you should ask me such a question, or suppose any such thing. Colored Man. Colored Man. I do not know, Sir, why you should ask me such a question, or suppose any such thing. Mr. -----. Why, it is because we at the North often hear southern men, and some northern men, too, who have travelled at the South, say 'the slaves are very happy and contented,' and much better off than free colored people. Mr. Mr. -----. Why, it is because we at the North often hear southern men, southern men, and some northern men, northern men, too, who have travelled at the South, say 'the slaves are very happy and contented,' and much better off than free colored people. Colored Man. I don't know how that can be, Sir,— that a man as a slave can be better off than a freeman, seems impossible. I guess if they had to take my place, and be hired out by their master, as I am here to PRESIDENT TYLER, for $30 a month, and receive only $3 of it to support their families, as I do, they would not think their condition was so mighty nice.* Colored Man. Colored Man. I don't know how that can can be, Sir,— that a man as a slave slave can be better off than a freeman, freeman, seems impossible. I guess guess if they had to take my place, and be hired out by their master, as I am here to and be hired out by their master, as I am here to PRESIDENT TYLER, for $30 a month, and receive only $3 of it to support their families, as I do, for $30 a month, and receive only $3 of it to support their families, as I do, they would not think their condition was so mighty nice.* Mr. -----. 'How many slaves has President Tyler?!! Mr. Mr. -----. 'How many slaves has President Tyler?!! President Tyler?!! Colored Man. Only four, Sir, at the white house. Did not know how many he had elsewhere. Colored Man. Only four, four, Sir, at the white house. white house. Did not know how many he had elsewhere. Mr. -----. Have you a wife? Mr. Mr. -----. Have you a wife? Colored Man. Yes, Sir, in Virginia; I have not seen her for months. Colored Man. Colored Man. Yes, Sir, in Virginia; I have not seen her for months. Mr. -----. Do the slaveholders ever separate husbands and wives, then-and families? Mr. Mr. -----. Do the slaveholders ever separate husbands and wives, then-and families? Colored Man. Certainly, Sir, whenever they choose. Two of the slaves of the President have not seen their wives since the President came to Washington. And they often sell them forever apart!! Colored Man. Colored Man. Certainly, Sir, whenever they choose. Two of the slaves of the President have not seen their wives since the President came to Washington. And they often sell them forever apart!! Here the conversation ended; but not without satisfying our enquirer, that no condition in slavery can make its subjects 'contented and happy.' Indeed, the very idea that a man can be a slave— lose his identity as a man, and become a chattel,— and in that situation be happy, is an absurdity too ridiculous to need a moment's consideration. But allow it to be so, for argument, then what? It is to suppose the very worst thing against the system that could be imagined. It is to suppose that the system has committed the highest crime against God himself— that it has blotted out his manhood— that he has lost all the feelings of the higher endowments of his nature— that the design of God in him is frustrated and defeated by the slaveholder— and that one created in the image of God, has been made over to be 'like unto fourfooted beasts and creeping things!!' Which horn of this dilemma will the slaveholder and his apologist take? Here the conversation ended; but not without satisfying our enquirer, enquirer, that no condition in slavery slavery can make its subjects 'contented and happy.' Indeed, the very idea that a man man can be a slave— lose his identity as as a man, and become a chattel,— and in that situation be happy, happy, is an absurdity too ridiculous to need a moment's consideration. But allow it to be so, for argument, then what? It is to suppose the very worst thing against the system that could be imagined. It is to suppose that the system has committed the highest crime against God himself— that it has blotted out his manhood— that he has lost all the feelings of the higher endowments of his nature— that the design of God in him is frustrated and defeated by the slaveholder— and that one created in the image of God, has been made over to be 'like unto fourfooted beasts and creeping things!!' Which horn of this dilemma will the slaveholder and his apologist take? * The chief butler of Pharaoh himself was never cheated like that. * The chief butler chief butler of Pharaoh himself was never cheated like that. 

 C.L. Remond will visit Nantucket on the 15th July, and New-Bedford on the 22d, and give a short course of lectures on American slavery; and on the 1st of August, will deliver an address on West India Emancipation. The friends of impartial freedom will look out for him in those places, by making early and suitable arrangements. Let his reception be a generous one. C.L. Remond will visit Nantucket on the 15th July, and New-Bedford on the 22d, and give a short course of lectures on American slavery; and on the 1st of August, will deliver an address on West India Emancipation. The friends of impartial freedom will look out for him in those places, by making early and suitable arrangements. Let his reception be a generous one. 

 President Tyler has undertaken to end this shameful and expensive contest, with a stroke of his pen. It is a great pity he had not done so before; if indeed it is done. I am entirely sceptical, both as to the efficacy and sincerity of this move. Public opinion was beginning to bear, at last, with a heavy and increasing pressure against the war, as a mere slave-catching and kidnapping concern, carried on by the Union. It became necessary for a weak administration to evade the force of this public opinion, by a change of name; as the manner of rogues is. Instead of war, it is now to be called armed occupation; or a military colony, to keep the Indians at bay. This shows that the war is not ended, and not intended to be. It is Benton's old scheme, which was rejected several years ago, as worse than active hostilities. It is an untried expedient, and may prove as expensive as the war. Large tracts of land and pay are proposed to be given to military settlers. This is, in fact, an indirect mode of increasing the army. a thing which the slaveholders have been striving to do, and with too much success, for several years. President Tyler has undertaken to end this shameful and expensive contest, with a stroke of his pen. It is a great pity he had not done so before; if indeed it is done. I am entirely sceptical, both as to the efficacy and sincerity of this move. Public opinion was beginning to bear, at last, with a heavy and increasing pressure against the war, as a mere slave-catching and kidnapping concern, carried on by the Union. It became necessary for a weak administration to evade the force of this public opinion, by a change of name; name; as the manner of rogues is. Instead of war, war, it is now to be called armed occupation; armed occupation; or a military colony, to keep the Indians at bay. This shows that the war is not not ended, and not intended to be. It is Benton's old scheme, which was rejected several years ago, as worse than active hostilities. It is an untried expedient, and may prove as expensive as the war. Large tracts of land and pay are proposed to be given to military settlers. This is, in fact, an indirect mode of increasing the army. increasing the army. a thing which the slaveholders have been striving to do, and with too much success, for several years. But this is not all. It always seemed to me an undivulged part of Mr. Benton's plan, to cause a considerable and sudden accession of population in Florida; so as to qualify that territory to enter the Union very soon, as one or two slave States. This part of the plan is more important now than ever, when the friends of the slaveholding interest are preparing to press the claims of Florida for speedy admission into the Union. But this is not all. It always seemed to me an undivulged part of Mr. Benton's plan, to cause a considerable and sudden accession of population accession of population in Florida; so as to qualify that territory to enter the Union very soon, as one or two slave States. This part of the plan is more important now than ever, when the friends of the slaveholding interest are preparing to press the claims of Florida for speedy admission into the Union. Mr. Benton has ever been a 'shrewd contriver' in the service of slavery. He labored many years to effect a repeal of the duty on salt; the only taxable commodity, which slaves in general consume. This measure was urged in the name of the agricultural interest; on the ground that salt is valuable as an ingredient of manure. Great expense was incurred in printing old British parliamentary documents, to prove this. Mr. Benton has ever been a 'shrewd contriver' in the service of slavery. He labored many years to effect a repeal of the duty on salt; the only taxable taxable commodity, which slaves in general consume. This measure was urged in the name of the agricultural agricultural interest; on the ground that salt is valuable as an ingredient of manure. manure. Great expense was incurred in printing old British parliamentary documents, to prove this. Now, under pretences equally ingenuous and patriotic, Florida is to be suddenly prepared, at our cost, for admission into the Union, probably as two slave States. 'Are you there, old true-penny?' Now, under pretences equally ingenuous ingenuous and patriotic, patriotic, Florida is to be suddenly prepared, at our cost, for admission into the Union, probably as two slave States. 'Are you there, old true-penny?' It is a good illustration of the minuteness, with which the slave oligarchy inspect the tariff, when they take such pains, and resort to such artifices, to obtain exemption from a tax of ten cents a bushel on salt; of which they allow but a few table-spoons-full a week to a slave, and sometimes none at all. I have been informed of several cases where suspensions occurred, for considerable periods, of even the pitiful allowance of a spoonful of salt a week. In general, however, a little is distributed, for seasoning the solitary hoe-cake; and because it is a general and indispensable article, the generous masters wish the tax repeated; and Benton has been employed a third of his life, in endeavoring (fas et nefas) to effect it. It is a good illustration of the minuteness, with which the slave oligarchy inspect the tariff, when they take such pains, and resort to such artifices, to obtain exemption from a tax of ten cents ten cents a bushel on salt; of which they allow but a few table-spoons-full a week to a slave, and sometimes none at all. I have been informed of several cases where suspensions occurred, for considerable periods, of even the pitiful allowance of a spoonful of salt a week. In general, however, a little is distributed, for seasoning the solitary hoe-cake; and because it is a general and indispensable article, the generous masters wish the tax repeated; and Benton has been employed a third of his life, in endeavoring ( fas et nefas fas et nefas ) to effect it. I observe that he has reported, with striking promptitude and alacrity, a bill for the occupation of Florida by military colonies; thus endeavoring to realize his old-cherished scheme, while he carries out the views of the President. And, with the usual cunning of slaveholding statesmen, northern detestation of the Florida war, northern abhorrence of the cause in which it originated, and the instruments by which it has been carried on, and northern impatience for peace, are to be used as the propelling power to carry these military colonists to their destination. On this subject, there is steam enough pent up to carry anything, if it can only be brought to bear on the desired point. Shall engineer Benton use it for the advantage of slavery, without our knowing what he is about? Shall he 'do us,' as the English say? I trust not.— D.L.C. I observe that he has reported, with striking promptitude and alacrity, a bill for the occupation of Florida by military colonies; thus endeavoring to realize his old-cherished scheme, while he carries out the views of the President. And, with the usual cunning of slaveholding statesmen, northern detestation of the Florida war, northern abhorrence of the cause in which it originated, and the instruments by which it has been carried on, and northern impatience for peace, are to be used as the propelling power to carry these military colonists to their destination. On this subject, there is steam enough pent up to carry anything, if it can only be brought to bear on the desired point. Shall engineer Benton use it for the advantage of slavery, without our knowing what he is about? Shall he 'do 'do us,' as the English say? I trust not.— D.L.C. 

 BROTHER GARRISON:— Will you notify the renders of the Liberator, that Dr. Hudson, Agent of the American A.S. Society, will lecture on slavery in Southboro', on Wednesday, July 6th; in Millbury, on Thursday, July 7th; in West Brookfield, on Friday, July 8th; and request the abolitionists of these places to procure houses for the meetings, and give extensive notice through the pulpit, press, and otherwise? BROTHER GARRISON:— Will you notify the renders of the Liberator, that Dr. Hudson, Agent of the American A.S. Society, will lecture on slavery in Southboro', on Wednesday, July 6th; in Millbury, on Thursday, July 7th; in West Brookfield, on Friday, July 8th; and request the abolitionists of these places to procure houses for the meetings, and give extensive notice through the pulpit, press, and otherwise? J.A. COLLINS. J.A. COLLINS. Boston, July 1st. Boston, July 1st. 

 The following official account of the proceedings of a large and highly respectable anti-slavery meeting, held in Porto Plata, (Hayti,) on the 30th of March, has been transmitted to us for publication in the Liberator. It will be read with the deepest interest by all American abolitionists, and not without strong emotion south of Mason and Dixon's line. We have other proceedings of a similar character, in that Republic, to lay before our readers next week. Truly, the march of Liberty and Equality is onward! Truly, the days of Slavery are numbered! The following official account of the proceedings of a large and highly respectable anti-slavery meeting, held in Porto Plata, (Hayti,) on the 30th of March, has been transmitted to us for publication in the Liberator. It will be read with the deepest interest by all American abolitionists, and not without strong emotion south of Mason and Dixon's line. We have other proceedings of a similar character, in that Republic, to lay before our readers next week. Truly, the march of Liberty and Equality is onward! Truly, the days of Slavery are numbered! The meeting having assembled, and the President, Mr. Purdy, and Vice President, Mr. Charles Baird, being in their places, Wm. P. Griffin, Esq., was requested to take the chair; and after having called to order, he delivered a short and impressive speech. Some select anthems, appropriate to the occasion, were then sung by several choristers, accompanied by instruments of music. The performance was deservedly applauded, and diffused a pleasing and hallowed feeling over the minds of the audience. The meeting having assembled, and the President, Mr. Purdy, and Vice President, Mr. Charles Baird, being in their places, Wm. P. Griffin, Esq., was requested to take the chair; and after having called to order, he delivered a short and impressive speech. Some select anthems, appropriate to the occasion, were then sung by several choristers, accompanied by instruments of music. The performance was deservedly applauded, and diffused a pleasing and hallowed feeling over the minds of the audience. On the motion of the chairman, Mr. David P. Ray, Secretary, then delivered the following opening address, explanatory of the object of the meeting: On the motion of the chairman, Mr. David P. Ray, Secretary, then delivered the following opening address, explanatory of the object of the meeting: MY FRIENDS:— It is a source of sincere satisfaction to me to perceive, that through the extreme kindness of our friends, Mr. and Mrs. Francisco, we have been enabled to assemble together so numerous and respectable a meeting— a meeting which has mainly for its object the discussion of the principles of abolition and general philanthropy, and the exposition of the miserable condition of those unfortunate beings, who have such a strong claim upon the sympathies of every friend of humanity. MY FRIENDS:— It is a source of sincere satisfaction to me to perceive, that through the extreme kindness of our friends, Mr. and Mrs. Francisco, we have been enabled to assemble together so numerous and respectable a meeting— a meeting which has mainly for its object the discussion of the principles of abolition and general philanthropy, and the exposition of the miserable condition of those unfortunate beings, who have such a strong claim upon the sympathies of every friend of humanity. To feel sympathy for the woes of others is natural to the heart, imbued with sentiments of compassion. But compassion, considered as an inspiration emanating from virtue, is devoid of its principal merit or attraction, when it is accompanied by practical efforts to relieve distress, or assuage suffering. These are its real attributes and supreme excellencies. To feel sympathy for the woes of others is natural to the heart, imbued with sentiments of compassion. But compassion, considered as an inspiration emanating from virtue, is devoid of its principal merit or attraction, when it is accompanied by practical efforts to relieve distress, or assuage suffering. These are its real attributes and supreme excellencies. When we congregate together for a great and noble purpose, like the present, we not only act worthily ourselves, but we stimulate others to join us in the same path of benevolence and usefulness. Through our means, the careless may become reflecting— the diffident may become assured— and the supporters of abolition further encouraged in their hope of the final success of their cause. It is thus evident that our efforts may, in various ways, contribute to the aid of abolition, but can never retard its progress. When we congregate together for a great and noble purpose, like the present, we not only act worthily ourselves, but we stimulate others to join us in the same path of benevolence and usefulness. Through our means, the careless may become reflecting— the diffident may become assured— and the supporters of abolition further encouraged in their hope of the final success of their cause. It is thus evident that our efforts may, in various ways, contribute to the aid of abolition, but can never retard its progress. That Divine Providence may so ordain it, that our fervent wishes may soon be accomplished, is my sincere prayer; and as this noble object is alike supported by morality and religion, we are the more justified in our sanguine hopes of its eventual success. That Divine Providence may so ordain it, that our fervent wishes may soon be accomplished, is my sincere prayer; and as this noble object is alike supported by morality and religion, we are the more justified in our sanguine hopes of its eventual success. The chairman, Mr. Griffin, then rose, and gave a short and succinct account of the rise of abolition in America— its spread and influence, and the probable number of abolitionists. He expatiated upon the sufferings and exertions of Mr. GARRISON, in the cause, and adverted to the period of their having established a branch Society in Porto Plata. These observations were followed by an address from Mr. Thredwell, to this effect: The chairman, Mr. Griffin, then rose, and gave a short and succinct account of the rise of abolition in America— its spread and influence, and the probable number of abolitionists. He expatiated upon the sufferings and exertions of Mr. GARRISON, in the cause, and adverted to the period of their having established a branch Society in Porto Plata. These observations were followed by an address from Mr. Thredwell, to this effect: MY FRIENDS:— It was my purpose to have addressed you a few words on the subjects relating to the intellectual and domestic influences of slavery; but having chanced to find that they have been ably and judiciously treated by Dr. Channing— a man deservedly held in veneration for his writings in favor of philanthropy— I shall read, with your permission, the following extracts from his works, which will not fail strongly to impress upon your minds the unfortunate, degraded and unhappy condition of slaves in general:— MY FRIENDS:— It was my purpose to have addressed you a few words on the subjects relating to the intellectual and domestic influences of slavery; but having chanced to find that they have been ably and judiciously treated by Dr. Channing— a man deservedly held in veneration for his writings in favor of philanthropy— I shall read, with your permission, the following extracts from his works, which will not fail strongly to impress upon your minds the unfortunate, degraded and unhappy condition of slaves in general:— (Here followed the extracts on the intellectual and domestic influences of slavery, which were attentively listened to.) (Here followed the extracts on the intellectual and domestic influences of slavery, which were attentively listened to.) The chairman then spoke, at some length on the success of abolition, so far. He instanced the obstacles that had been overcome; and stated his conviction of its progressive increase, and the universality of its influence at no distant period. He enlarged on the sufferings of the slaves, and the claims they have upon the exertions of the benevolent and philanthropic. The chairman then spoke, at some length on the success of abolition, so far. He instanced the obstacles that had been overcome; and stated his conviction of its progressive increase, and the universality of its influence at no distant period. He enlarged on the sufferings of the slaves, and the claims they have upon the exertions of the benevolent and philanthropic. The chairman having sat down, Mr. Sydney Cross was then solicited by the members to address the meeting, and, rising, delivered the following speech, which was interrupted from time to time by loud and repeated cheers:— The chairman having sat down, Mr. Sydney Cross was then solicited by the members to address the meeting, and, rising, delivered the following speech, which was interrupted from time to time by loud and repeated cheers:— FRIENDS AND FELLOW CITIZENS: FRIENDS AND FELLOW CITIZENS: Being called upon by the general voice of the members of this Society, to deliver my opinions on the various subjects connected with abolition, I shall endeavor to be as concise as the nature of them will admit, and firmly rely on your indulgence for a brief trespass on your time and attention. Being called upon by the general voice of the members of this Society, to deliver my opinions on the various subjects connected with abolition, I shall endeavor to be as concise as the nature of them will admit, and firmly rely on your indulgence for a brief trespass on your time and attention. The evils of slavery and oppression have been so often feelingly and pathetically described, that they cannot fail to strike and arrest the attention of every individual, possessed of the common feeling of humanity. The evils of slavery and oppression have been so often feelingly and pathetically described, that they cannot fail to strike and arrest the attention of every individual, possessed of the common feeling of humanity. That great and holy command, which God hath given unto us— to love one another— is a command which, of itself, invites our sympathy for distress, our commiseration for suffering, and our strenuous exertions in favor of the afflicted and oppressed. That great and holy command, which God hath given unto us— to love one another— is a command which, of itself, invites our sympathy for distress, our commiseration for suffering, and our strenuous exertions in favor of the afflicted and oppressed. The benevolent man, whilst administering the balm of consolation to his brethren in suffering and sorrow— whilst he seeks out the means of alleviating their condition, and lightening their misery— must feel an enjoyment of the most sublime and elevated character. These are labors of love which sanctify the doer— which find favor with our Heavenly Father— and finally call into efficient exercise all those other qualities and virtues which crown with honor the upright man and the Christian. The benevolent man, whilst administering the balm of consolation to his brethren in suffering and sorrow— whilst he seeks out the means of alleviating their condition, and lightening their misery— must feel an enjoyment of the most sublime and elevated character. These are labors of love which sanctify the doer— which find favor with our Heavenly Father— and finally call into efficient exercise all those other qualities and virtues which crown with honor the upright man and the Christian. Alas! for the general interests of humanity, in this enlightened age, that knowledge and power, instead of being united in forwarding the grand and important work of man's regeneration, are leagued together in support of a system of oppression, which weakens the faculties, destroys the energies, and sinks into the lowest state of physical and moral degradation, about 3,000,000 of the great human family. Yes, this foul stain— this blot upon the escutcheon of America-falsely called the land of liberty and freedom— continues to exist. Slavery in its most hideous form pollutes her soil, and spreads its baneful influence, far and wide, over her territory. All-powerful prejudice obscures the judgment of the rulers, and causes them to reject the interposition of the advocates of freedom and of abolition. Alas! for the general interests of humanity, in this enlightened age, that knowledge and power, instead of being united in forwarding the grand and important work of man's regeneration, are leagued together in support of a system of oppression, which weakens the faculties, destroys the energies, and sinks into the lowest state of physical and moral degradation, about 3,000,000 of the great human family. Yes, this foul stain— this blot upon the escutcheon of America-falsely called the land of liberty and freedom— continues to exist. Slavery in its most hideous form pollutes her soil, and spreads its baneful influence, far and wide, over her territory. All-powerful prejudice obscures the judgment of the rulers, and causes them to reject the interposition of the advocates of freedom and of abolition. But, whilst the great mass of them are dead to sentiments of commiseration for that wretchedness and misery which are the lot of such a large portion of our fellow-men, it is gratifying to behold that there are still some bold and courageous spirits, who have dared to unfurl the standard of abolition— who, strong in the armor of a good cause, have stood forward as champions to expose to the eyes of mankind, those frightful horrors, those secret iniquities, and those barefaced cruelties, which are the concomitants of slavery. But, whilst the great mass of them are dead to sentiments of commiseration for that wretchedness and misery which are the lot of such a large portion of our fellow-men, it is gratifying to behold that there are still some bold and courageous spirits, who have dared to unfurl the standard of abolition— who, strong in the armor of a good cause, have stood forward as champions to expose to the eyes of mankind, those frightful horrors, those secret iniquities, and those barefaced cruelties, which are the concomitants of slavery. The principles of abolition— originating in justice, counselled by humanity, and supported by truth— have met with a dissemination almost commensurate with their importance. The abolition societies in America, originally feeble and uninfluential, have considerably increased in numbers and importance, and may be said to comprise nearly the whole of those who are free from the prejudice of color— who are remarkable for a general benevolence of character— or who possess a high rectitude of principle. The principles of abolition— originating in justice, counselled by humanity, and supported by truth— have met with a dissemination almost commensurate with their importance. The abolition societies in America, originally feeble and uninfluential, have considerably increased in numbers and importance, and may be said to comprise nearly the whole of those who are free from the prejudice of color— who are remarkable for a general benevolence of character— or who possess a high rectitude of principle. The evil effects of the system of slavery are not alone confined to those who are groaning in fetters, or ground down by the harsh severity of their taskmasters, but they likewise operate upon the free colored class, in a very powerful degree. They are considered by the whites to be a degraded and abject race— their political rights are withheld from them— the finger of scorn is pointed at them— and they are debarred the privilege of attaining to knowledge, through the prevalence of intolerance and prejudice. The evil effects of the system of slavery are not alone confined to those who are groaning in fetters, or ground down by the harsh severity of their taskmasters, but they likewise operate upon the free colored class, in a very powerful degree. They are considered by the whites to be a degraded and abject race— their political rights are withheld from them— the finger of scorn is pointed at them— and they are debarred the privilege of attaining to knowledge, through the prevalence of intolerance and prejudice. There are, notwithstanding, in America, I am persuaded, thousands of young men of the proscribed class, who enter life with lofty feelings and ardent aspirations; who, possessing talents of superior order, burn to distinguish themselves in the service of their country. 'Tis their country but in name! Do they offer themselves as candidates for military glory? If accepted, the road to advancement is barred against them! Should their preference lean towards the naval service— their pretensions meet but mockery and contempt! Should jurisprudence be their ambition— it would be but a road to direct and positive starvation! In commerce and agriculture alone, and under certain restrictions, are they allowed to participate; happy, if, in ardent and toilsome application, they can momentarily forget the disabilities under which they labor, and their keen sense of injury. Is it to be wondered at, then, that their native energies should give way before a continued exercise of insult? There are, notwithstanding, in America, I am persuaded, thousands of young men of the proscribed class, who enter life with lofty feelings and ardent aspirations; who, possessing talents of superior order, burn to distinguish themselves in the service of their country. 'Tis their country but in name! Do they offer themselves as candidates for military glory? If accepted, accepted, the road to advancement is barred against them! Should their preference lean towards the naval service— their pretensions meet but mockery and contempt! Should jurisprudence be their ambition— it would be but a road to direct and positive starvation! In commerce and agriculture alone, and under certain restrictions, are they allowed to participate; happy, if, in ardent and toilsome application, they can momentarily forget the disabilities under which they labor, and their keen sense of injury. Is it to be wondered at, then, that their native energies should give way before a continued exercise of insult? Is it to be wondered at, that despondency should sap the root, and mine the foundation of all their moral courage? Is it to be wondered at, that despondency should sap the root, and mine the foundation of all their moral courage? Let us place them in the same road to competition as the whites. Let their access be free to the seminaries of education. Let the treasures of knowledge be communicated to them. Let invidious distinctions cease! Let them possess their full political rights. Let the path of honorable ambition be thrown open to them; and then, and not till then, shall we be able to judge whether the assumption of superiority, on the part of the whites, is the result of practical experience, or whether it has its foundation in an excess of arrogance and presumption. Let us place them in the same road to competition as the whites. Let their access be free to the seminaries of education. Let the treasures of knowledge be communicated to them. Let invidious distinctions cease! Let them possess their full political rights. Let the path of honorable ambition be thrown open to them; and then, and not till then, shall we be able to judge whether the assumption of superiority, on the part of the whites, is the result of practical experience, or whether it has its foundation in an excess of arrogance and presumption. I have thus enlarged on the subject, my friends, because I feel deeply its importance. It is indispensably necessary that we should have that noble confidence in ourselves, which begets a proper spirit of emulation. Let us no longer remain in a state of supineness and apathy. Let us progress onward in the path of knowledge. Let our acquirements be such as command respect; and let us not merit the reproach of ignorance and imbecility. I have thus enlarged on the subject, my friends, because I feel deeply its importance. It is indispensably necessary that we should have that noble confidence in ourselves, which begets a proper spirit of emulation. Let us no longer remain in a state of supineness and apathy. Let us progress onward in the path of knowledge. Let our acquirements be such as command command respect; and let us not merit the reproach of ignorance and imbecility. By these means, we shall qualify ourselves to enter the lists of competition. We shall be able to make manifest the absurdity of prejudice. We shall stand forward as noble aids to the friends of abolition and general philanthropy; and, joining ourselves to those fearless champions of truth and the rights of man, proclaim aloud our interest in their exertions, our approval of their efforts, and our sympathy for our brother in bondage. By these means, we shall qualify ourselves to enter the lists of competition. We shall be able to make manifest the absurdity of prejudice. We shall stand forward as noble aids to the friends of abolition and general philanthropy; and, joining ourselves to those fearless champions of truth and the rights of man, proclaim aloud our interest in their exertions, our approval of their efforts, and our sympathy for our brother in bondage. It is a fact which is indisputable, that, as long as slavery exists, there is no end to prejudice. It is a fact which is indisputable, that, as long as slavery exists, there is no end to prejudice. To destroy the one, it is indispensably necessary to remove the other. To destroy the one, it is indispensably necessary to remove the other. A long continued and tyrannical exercise of power over slaves, by those who may be connected with that abominable system, engenders a strong feeling of dislike against the free colored people; whom they are taught, from their mother's breast, to consider as being very little removed from the de graded and unhappy condition of the former. This impression and dislike is fostered with their growth, and becomes so matured, that it cannot be afterwards eradicated. A long continued and tyrannical exercise of power over slaves, by those who may be connected with that abominable system, engenders a strong feeling of dislike against the free colored people; whom they are taught, from their mother's breast, to consider as being very little removed from the de graded and unhappy condition of the former. This impression and dislike is fostered with their growth, and becomes so matured, that it cannot be afterwards eradicated. The effects of prejudice, though not so strong in the free as in the slave States, are sufficiently apparent to prove that it is inseparable from the system. The effects of prejudice, though not so strong in the free as in the slave States, are sufficiently apparent to prove that it is inseparable from the system. We find men, otherwise of an enlightened character and liberal spirit, yet tainted with this infection, in an unaccountable degree; and others, again, who, though individually exempt from the infection, instead of boldly stemming the tide of popular odium, as unjust as it is popular, are weak enough to be influenced and swept away with its current. We find men, otherwise of an enlightened character and liberal spirit, yet tainted with this infection, in an unaccountable degree; and others, again, who, though individually exempt from the infection, instead of boldly stemming the tide of popular odium, as unjust as it is popular, are weak enough to be influenced and swept away with its current. In the success of the abolition cause, we see a remedy for these evils, great and insuperable as they appear to be; and this success we are proud to promote, to the best of our power, by our most ardent co-operation. In the success of the abolition cause, we see a remedy for these evils, great and insuperable as they appear to be; and this success we are proud to promote, to the best of our power, by our most ardent co-operation. Let not the magnitude of the subject appal us. Imagine not our slender efforts to be without efficacy. Think not that our contributions will be of no utility. Let us not forget, that when, many years ago, a solitary voice in the British Parliament raised itself in opposition to the Hydra, the obstacles were then as great and insuperable as they now appear to be. Mark but the results! That solitary voice— which stood at first alone and unaided— soon met with a responsive echo in the generous bosoms of thousands. What appeared to be the chimeras of an obscure dreamer, or the ravings of an enthusiast, soon became a national question of the most vital importance— a question which was brought before the British Parliament for years, and ceased not until it met with a final, triumphant, and most merited success. Let not the magnitude of the subject appal us. Imagine not our slender efforts to be without efficacy. Think not that our contributions will be of no utility. Let us not forget, that when, many years ago, a solitary voice in the British Parliament raised itself in opposition to the Hydra, the obstacles were then as great and insuperable as they now appear to be. Mark but the results! That solitary voice— which stood at first alone and unaided— soon met with a responsive echo in the generous bosoms of thousands. What appeared to be the chimeras of an obscure dreamer, or the ravings of an enthusiast, soon became a national question of the most vital importance— a question which was brought before the British Parliament for years, and ceased not until it met with a final, triumphant, and most merited success. Yes, the British nation ever the foremost in the path of universal philanthropy and benevolence, have, by a noble example of legislative wisdom, given the blessing of liberty to thousands, after preparing the way, by adequate instruction, to render them fit for the enjoyments of liberty. May this great and good example not be lost upon other nations! May the same spirit of philanthropy animate them to the same end! And may the consummation of our best and dearest wishes be attended with beneficial and lasting results! Yes, the British nation ever the foremost in the path of universal philanthropy and benevolence, have, by a noble example of legislative wisdom, given the blessing of liberty to thousands, after preparing the way, by adequate instruction, to render them fit for the enjoyments of liberty. May this great and good example not be lost upon other nations! May the same spirit of philanthropy animate them to the same end! And may the consummation of our best and dearest wishes be attended with beneficial and lasting results! To none should the success of abolition be more dear than to the children of Haiti. Descendants of a race, torn from their own country by the hands of violence and power, they have surmounted the evils of their previous condition by their courage and heroism in a sanguinary contest. The cause of abolition ought not to be the less prized by them, because different methods are used to accomplish the same ends; nor ought the situation of their brethren in bondage attract the less their sympathy, for the same reasons. Their cause is, in a measure, identified with our own. The success of abolition would undermine the mound of prejudice— would remove the obstacles in the way of commercial intercourse, which at present exist. Our citizens would no longer be incarcerated when they enter the States at present holding slaves— nor our travellers ignominiously turned away from places of public accommodation. To none should the success of abolition be more dear than to the children of Haiti. Descendants of a race, torn from their own country by the hands of violence and power, they have surmounted the evils of their previous condition by their courage and heroism in a sanguinary contest. The cause of abolition ought not to be the less prized by them, because different methods are used to accomplish the same ends; nor ought the situation of their brethren in bondage attract the less their sympathy, for the same reasons. Their cause is, in a measure, identified with our own. The success of abolition would undermine the mound of prejudice— would remove the obstacles in the way of commercial intercourse, which at present exist. Our citizens would no longer be incarcerated when they enter the States at present holding slaves— nor our travellers ignominiously turned away from places of public accommodation. In taking a general view of the numerous subjects which bear upon this important question, I have been unable successfully to account for the uncommon apathy and lukewarmness which seem to prevail. I sincerely hope that more interest will be shortly evinced, and that, animated by a better spirit, we shall rally round the banners of philanthropy and abolition, contributing our mite to the aid of the good cause. And when, by the blessing of Divine Providence, the millions that now groan in servitude shall have broken their chains, and stand before men and their Maker free and unfettered, thankful and rejoicing, we shall join them in one loud hallelujah to Almighty God, in thanksgiving for the infinitude of his mercies. In taking a general view of the numerous subjects which bear upon this important question, I have been unable successfully to account for the uncommon apathy and lukewarmness which seem to prevail. I sincerely hope that more interest will be shortly evinced, and that, animated by a better spirit, we shall rally round the banners of philanthropy and abolition, contributing our mite to the aid of the good cause. And when, by the blessing of Divine Providence, the millions that now groan in servitude shall have broken their chains, and stand before men and their Maker free and unfettered, thankful and rejoicing, we shall join them in one loud hallelujah to Almighty God, in thanksgiving for the infinitude of his mercies. Grateful to you, my friends and fellow-citizens, for the indulgence with which you have so far honored me, I propose that the better to manifest our sympathy for our brethren in bondage, a subscription be opened to aid the funds of the Abolition Society in America. Grateful to you, my friends and fellow-citizens, for the indulgence with which you have so far honored me, I propose that the better to manifest our sympathy for our brethren in bondage, a subscription be opened to aid the funds of the Abolition Society in America. Mr. Cross then sat down, amidst loud and continued cheering; and shortly after, the celebrated ode, written by Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, 'The hour of freedom, come it must,' adapted to the tune of Creation, was led off by Mr. Griffin, with accompanying voices and instruments, which met with loud approval. The ladies and gentlemen then retired to the parlor, set apart for refreshments, and partook of coffee, tea, &c.; after which, the subscription alluded to by Mr. Cross, was opened, and a considerable sum subscribed by the ladies and gentlemen present; and many members were thereby added to the Society. Mr. Cross then sat down, amidst loud and continued cheering; and shortly after, the celebrated ode, written by Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, 'The hour of freedom, come it must,' adapted to the tune of Creation, was led off by Mr. Griffin, with accompanying voices and instruments, which met with loud approval. The ladies and gentlemen then retired to the parlor, set apart for refreshments, and partook of coffee, tea, &c.; after which, the subscription alluded to by Mr. Cross, was opened, and a considerable sum subscribed by the ladies and gentlemen present; and many members were thereby added to the Society. The Chairman then calling to order, Mr. Cross rose and requested Mr. Dubocy, as one supposed to be conversant with the opinions of the Haitian people, to give the general feelings of the Haitians on abolition, and what encouragement it might be expected to meet with among them. The Chairman then calling to order, Mr. Cross rose and requested Mr. Dubocy, as one supposed to be conversant with the opinions of the Haitian people, to give the general feelings of the Haitians on abolition, and what encouragement it might be expected to meet with among them. Mr. Dubocy then delivered the following address: Mr. Dubocy then delivered the following address: In reply to your demands, about the general feelings of the Haitians on the subject of abolition, I am persuaded that but one can possibly exist; and that one is decidedly in its favor. It would in fact be an injustice to them to suppose, that they could be otherwise influenced. That they should hold in detestation the abhorred system which condemns to oppression and degradation their fellow-men, is but a very natural supposition; and that their indignation should be aroused and excited at the details of cruelties constantly and remorselessly practised upon them, cruelties devoting alike the body and mind of the slave to one common destruction, is equally to be expected from their commiserating hearts. In reply to your demands, about the general feelings of the Haitians on the subject of abolition, I am persuaded that but one can possibly exist; and that one is decidedly in its favor. It would in fact be an injustice to them to suppose, that they could be otherwise influenced. That they should hold in detestation the abhorred system which condemns to oppression and degradation their fellow-men, is but a very natural supposition; and that their indignation should be aroused and excited at the details of cruelties constantly and remorselessly practised upon them, cruelties devoting alike the body and mind of the slave to one common destruction, is equally to be expected from their commiserating hearts. Who is there, that, possessing the common feelings of humanity, can tamely stand aloof, and see the infliction of those wrongs, without advocating the cause of abolition? Or who but those that are basely influenced by prejudice, or lost to all sense of justice, can calmly and unconcernedly contemplate the iniquitous and demoralizing effects of the system of slavery? My friends, I cannot! This indifference, for one, I do not possess. I feel, on the contrary, my liveliest sympathies awakened, my strongest energies called forth, and my ardent prayers devoted to the success of this noble cause. I feel that through its success, the slave now goaded, galled, spurned, and trampled upon, will again resume that place in the scale of humanity, which is his birthright. He will thence convince his oppressors, that freedom and liberty have again returned him what degradation had only obscured, not destroyed; and that education alone is wanting perfectly to develope the rigor, power, and energies of his mind. Who is there, that, possessing the common feelings of humanity, can tamely stand aloof, and see the infliction of those wrongs, without advocating the cause of abolition? Or who but those that are basely influenced by prejudice, or lost to all sense of justice, can calmly and unconcernedly contemplate the iniquitous and demoralizing effects of the system of slavery? My friends, I cannot! This indifference, for one, I do not possess. I feel, on the contrary, my liveliest sympathies awakened, my strongest energies called forth, and my ardent prayers devoted to the success of this noble cause. I feel that through its success, the slave now goaded, galled, spurned, and trampled upon, will again resume that place in the scale of humanity, which is his birthright. He will thence convince his oppressors, that freedom and liberty have again returned him what degradation had only obscured, not destroyed; and that education alone is wanting perfectly to develope the rigor, power, and energies of his mind. The point once satifactorily established, that their assistance will be efficacious in compassing the desired end, the aid and contributions of Haitians will not be solicited in vain— I am convinced that they will join, with heart and hand, the philanthropists of America and of the world, in this glorious undertaking. The mighty events which are recorded on the pages of their past history, and their comparatively recent enfranchisement from a state of galling bondage, are calculated at once to awaken and keep alive their powerful interest in the labors of abolitionists. The Haitien people will show to the world that they are not insensible to those noble and soul-stirring feelings which spring from virtue and philanthropy; and when, through the policy of truth, the veil of prejudice shall be rent and scattered to the winds, and the success of abolition be complete, they will come forward with one acclaim, and bless the day when they were allowed to participate in its labors, and be an instrument in its accomplishment. The point once satifactorily established, that their assistance will be efficacious in compassing the desired end, the aid and contributions of Haitians will not be solicited in vain— I am convinced that they will join, with heart and hand, the philanthropists of America and of the world, in this glorious undertaking. The mighty events which are recorded on the pages of their past history, and their comparatively recent enfranchisement from a state of galling bondage, are calculated at once to awaken and keep alive their powerful interest in the labors of abolitionists. The Haitien people will show to the world that they are not insensible to those noble and soul-stirring feelings which spring from virtue and philanthropy; and when, through the policy of truth, the veil of prejudice shall be rent and scattered to the winds, and the success of abolition be complete, they will come forward with one acclaim, and bless the day when they were allowed to participate in its labors, and be an instrument in its accomplishment. Mr. Dubocy then took his seat, amidst cheers of satisfaction. Mr. Dubocy then took his seat, amidst cheers of satisfaction. The Rev. Mr. Fowler then rose, with the chairman's permission, and read the account of a late treaty which had been recently entered into between the British government and one of the African kings, for the total suppression of the slave trade in his dominions— which was, at his request afterwards, translated in French for the benefit of those present who did not understand English. Several short addresses were then delivered by various gentlemen; and on their ceasing, the chairman, Mr. Griffin, rose, and expressed his satisfaction at perceiving the good feelings which seemed to animate every person present. He hoped that they would continue to act warmly in the cause, and that their exertions would only cease when the cause for them no longer existed. The Rev. Mr. Fowler then rose, with the chairman's permission, and read the account of a late treaty which had been recently entered into between the British government and one of the African kings, for the total suppression of the slave trade in his dominions— which was, at his request afterwards, translated in French for the benefit of those present who did not understand English. Several short addresses were then delivered by various gentlemen; and on their ceasing, the chairman, Mr. Griffin, rose, and expressed his satisfaction at perceiving the good feelings which seemed to animate every person present. He hoped that they would continue to act warmly in the cause, and that their exertions would only cease when the cause for them no longer existed. A resolution was then passed, fixing a day of meeting for the Society, and the first day of July was chosen for convening the same. A resolution was then passed, fixing a day of meeting for the Society, and the first day of July was chosen for convening the same. The Rev. Mr. Fowler then rose, and delivered a feeling, solemn and pathetic address, and on ceasing, two hymns were sung with accompaniments; after which, he invoked a blessing upon the assembly, and upon their efforts. The meeting then broke up, and, before parting, partook of a small collation which was previously prepared. They then dispersed, all highly satisfied with the agreeable, orderly, and decent manner with which it had been conducted. The Rev. Mr. Fowler then rose, and delivered a feeling, solemn and pathetic address, and on ceasing, two hymns were sung with accompaniments; after which, he invoked a blessing upon the assembly, and upon their efforts. The meeting then broke up, and, before parting, partook of a small collation which was previously prepared. They then dispersed, all highly satisfied with the agreeable, orderly, and decent manner with which it had been conducted. (Signed) WM. P. GRIFFIN, Chairman. (Signed) WM. P. GRIFFIN, Chairman. Chairman. DAVID P. RAY, Secretary. DAVID P. RAY, Secretary. Secretary. Porto Plata, April 5, 1842. Porto Plata, April 5, 1842. 

 The following are the enactments of the first Independent Baptist Church and Society, at their meeting, held in their house, on the 2d day of May, 1842— to wit: The following are the enactments of the first Independent Baptist Church and Society, at their meeting, held in their house, on the 2d day of May, 1842— to wit: Voted, That the Committee chosen the first day of March, 1841, for the purpose of collecting monies for the repairing said Church and Society's House,— consisting of Messrs. Cyrus Foster, Samuel Jasper, P. Thursting, James Johnson, and George H. Black,— are hereby discharged, and the following are now chosen in their stead, viz.— Rev. John T. Raymond, foreman, Benjamin P. Bassett, John B. Cutler, Coffin Pitts, George Washington, John T. Hilton, James Burr, Eli Cesar, Thomas Brown, Henry Weeden, Benjamin Weeden, Lyman Hutchinson, Thomas Cole, Robert Johnson, John D. Revalion, George Pastors, Nelson Mason, Charles A. Battiste, for the above purpose, who are duly authorized and qualified by the aforesaid Church and Society, and will pay over to the Treasurer whatever may be placed in their hands for the aforesaid Church and Society's use Voted, That the Committee chosen the first day of March, 1841, for the purpose of collecting monies for the repairing said Church and Society's House,— consisting of Messrs. Cyrus Foster, Samuel Jasper, P. Thursting, James Johnson, and George H. Black,— are hereby discharged, and the following are now chosen in their stead, viz.— Rev. John T. Raymond, foreman, Benjamin P. Bassett, John B. Cutler, Coffin Pitts, George Washington, John T. Hilton, James Burr, Eli Cesar, Thomas Brown, Henry Weeden, Benjamin Weeden, Lyman Hutchinson, Thomas Cole, Robert Johnson, John D. Revalion, George Pastors, Nelson Mason, Charles A. Battiste, for the above purpose, who are duly authorized and qualified by the aforesaid Church and Society, and will pay over to the Treasurer whatever may be placed in their hands for the aforesaid Church and Society's use Signed for and in behalf of the 1st Independent Baptist Church and Society, Signed for and in behalf of the 1st Independent Baptist Church and Society, BENJA P. BASSETT, Chairman. BENJA P. BASSETT, Chairman. JOHN B. CUTLER, Clerk. JOHN B. CUTLER, Clerk. 

 NEW-ORLEANS, May 14, 1842. NEW-ORLEANS, May 14, 1842. MR. GARRISON: MR. GARRISON: DEAR SIR— Enclosed is a copy of a late law passed by the Legislature of this State, which you will please publish for the benefit of our oppressed race; and be so good as to send a copy to the Sultan of Turkey, that he may know how much further advanced republican law-makers are, than his Imperial Highness; for surely such a system of refined oppression never could have entered the mind of that monarch. It is a document that should be published in every newspaper in the United States, that the minds of the American people may be enlightened, in regard to the enormity of the evil that is calculated to give rise to such a law as this. How humiliating is the thought, that all the nations of the earth have free ingress into the very State where this precious enactment was concocted, while we, who are citizens of a State united to this by the most solemn ties, and to whom the Constitution of this Union grants the rights of citizens here, are forbidden, under the penalty of perpetual slavery, to enter it. But enough, sir— this law is an abolitionist, which, if I mistake not, will rival our great champion. DEAR SIR— Enclosed is a copy of a late law passed by the Legislature of this State, which you will please publish for the benefit of our oppressed race; and be so good as to send a copy to the Sultan of Turkey, that he may know how much further advanced republican law-makers are, than his Imperial Highness; for surely such a system of refined oppression never could have entered the mind of that monarch. It is a document that should be published in every newspaper in the United States, that the minds of the American people may be enlightened, in regard to the enormity of the evil that is calculated to give rise to such a law as this. How humiliating is the thought, that all the nations of the earth have free ingress into the very State where this precious enactment was concocted, while we, who are citizens of a State united to this by the most solemn ties, and to whom the Constitution of this Union grants the rights of citizens here, are forbidden, under the penalty of perpetual slavery, to enter it. But enough, sir— this law is an abolitionist, which, if I mistake not, will rival our great champion. Your obedient servant, Your obedient servant, B. B. For this atrocious and unconstitutional law, see 'Refuge of Oppression,' on our first page] For this atrocious and unconstitutional law, see 'Refuge of Oppression,' on our first page] 

 The aforesaid Church and Society, at their meeting held on the 19th of June, voted that John T. Hilton be added with Messrs. Weeden and Cesar to the publishing committee, and that they cause the above Circular to be published in the Boston Morning Post, Daily Atlas, and Liberator. The aforesaid Church and Society, at their meeting held on the 19th of June, voted that John T. Hilton be added with Messrs. Weeden and Cesar to the publishing committee, and that they cause the above Circular to be published in the Boston Morning Post, Daily Atlas, and Liberator. A true copy. Attest. A true copy. Attest. J.B. CUTLER. J.B. CUTLER. Boston, June 23, 1842. Boston, June 23, 1842. 

 A REPEAL OF THE UNION BETWEEN NORTHERN LIBERTY AND SOUTHERN SLAVERY IS ESSENTIAL TO THE ABOLITION OF THE ONE, AND THE PRESERVATION OF THE OTHER. A REPEAL OF THE UNION BETWEEN NORTHERN LIBERTY AND SOUTHERN SLAVERY IS ESSENTIAL TO THE ABOLITION OF THE ONE, AND THE PRESERVATION OF THE OTHER. A series of anti-slavery and non-resistance meetings having been appointed at various places on Cape Cud, I left Boston on the evening of the 15th inst. to attend them, in one of the Barnstable packets. It was my first excursion to the Cape, and, of course, it combined the pleasure of novelty with the utility of philanthropy. I had long felt a desire to become personally acquainted with the people of that part of our Commonwealth, whose characteristics are somewhat peculiar, and whose hospitality is as hearty as it is unostentatious. Our trip in the packet to Barnstable occupied twenty-two hours, and embodied all the vicissitudes of a voyage across the Atlantic. We had a fair wind, a side wind, a head wind, a gale of wind, a dead calm, thunder and lightning, torrents of rain, and now and then a gleam of sunshine and a token of fair weather; and, finally, we grounded on the bar, where we remained for a short time, at the entrance of the harbor. The captain of the packet I found to be not only a sound abolitionist, but a man of excellent religious experience and discernment. It was refreshing to me to meet with such a spirit in such a position. There were several passengers on board, among whom was Capt. Zenas Bassett, of Hyannis, who, I afterwards heard, had been nominated for a seat in Congress at a recent 'Liberty party' meeting. Of his chance of success, I will say nothing. It is no pastime for me to be on the water, at any time, except under the most favorable circumstances, and for a very short period. A trip in a steam-boat, on the Connecticut river, or from New-York to Albany, or along the Delaware, is exceedingly pleasurable, in a calm, bright day; but, beyond this, my aquatic propensities do not stray. I dislike to be at the mercy of the winds and waves. Steam-power disdains their fetters, and traverses the deep in the spirit of unconditional emancipation. Give me the illimitable ocean as a spectacle to gaze at, but terra firma on which to abide. A series of anti-slavery and non-resistance meetings having been appointed at various places on Cape Cud, I left Boston on the evening of the 15th inst. to attend them, in one of the Barnstable packets. It was my first excursion to the Cape, and, of course, it combined the pleasure of novelty with the utility of philanthropy. I had long felt a desire to become personally acquainted with the people of that part of our Commonwealth, whose characteristics are somewhat peculiar, and whose hospitality is as hearty as it is unostentatious. Our trip in the packet to Barnstable occupied twenty-two hours, and embodied all the vicissitudes of a voyage across the Atlantic. We had a fair wind, a side wind, a head wind, a gale of wind, a dead calm, thunder and lightning, torrents of rain, and now and then a gleam of sunshine and a token of fair weather; and, finally, we grounded on the bar, where we remained for a short time, at the entrance of the harbor. The captain of the packet I found to be not only a sound abolitionist, but a man of excellent religious experience and discernment. It was refreshing to me to meet with such a spirit in such a position. There were several passengers on board, among whom was Capt. Zenas Bassett, of Hyannis, who, I afterwards heard, had been nominated for a seat in Congress at a recent 'Liberty party' meeting. Of his chance of success, I will say nothing. It is no pastime for me to be on the water, at any time, except under the most favorable circumstances, and for a very short period. A trip in a steam-boat, on the Connecticut river, or from New-York to Albany, or along the Delaware, is exceedingly pleasurable, in a calm, bright day; but, beyond this, my aquatic propensities do not stray. I dislike to be at the mercy of the winds and waves. Steam-power disdains their fetters, and traverses the deep in the spirit of unconditional emancipation. Give me the illimitable ocean as a spectacle to gaze at, but terra firma terra firma on which to abide. Our first meeting was at Barnstable, on Thursday, the 16th, on the subject of non-resistance. I was two hours behind the appointed time, (owing to the causes above stated,) but the audience behaved with exemplary patience, and they appeared to take a deep interest in the discussion that subsequently took place Henry C. Wright was expected to be present, but was detained by his appointments in Maine. After I had spoken at some length, I was followed by two witnesses on the side of non-resistance, who, of all others, have the most cause to repudiate the doctrine, if it be dangerous to adopt it in practice. The first was Frederick Douglass. He stood there as a slave— a runaway from the southern house of bondage— not safe, for one hour, even on the soil of Massachusetts— with his back all horribly scarred by the lash— with the bitter remembrances of a life of slavery crowding upon his soul— with every thing in his past history, his present condition, his future prospects, to make him a fierce outlaw, and a stern avenger of outraged humanity! He stood there, not to counsel retaliation, not to advocate the right of the oppressed to wade through blood to liberty, not to declaim after the manner of worldy patriotism— O no!— but with the spirit of christian forgiveness in his heart, with the melting accents of charity on his lips, with the gentleness of love beaming in his eyes! His testimony was clear and emphatic. The cause of non-resistance he declared to be divine, and essential to the overthrow of every form of oppression on earth. It was so plain to his vision, it was so palpably in accordance with the genius of Christianity, that he found it difficult to argue the question. I could not help thinking how incomparably superior was this 'chattel,' in all the great qualities of the soul, to any warrior whose deeds are recorded on the page of history; and that here was a remarkable instance of christian magnanimity, and martyr-like devotion to the cause of humanity.— Unquestionably, above all men living, the slaves of this country would be justified in resisting their relentless tyrants unto blood. They find themselves stripped of all their heaven-derived rights, and ranked among the brutes that perish. Their bodies are lacerated with whips, or bound with chains, or scarred with branding-irons. They see their children sold on the suction-block, in company with cattle and swine— their wives scourged and polluted before their own eyes— their claim to be ranked among the intelligent creatures of God rejected with contempt. If, under such terrible provocations, it would be sinful for them to rise against their oppressors, and exact burning for burning, wound for wound, life for life; if, thus degraded, insulted, trampled on, they may not lift a hand or strike a blow in self-defense; who will dare claim, for themselves, the right to use carnal weapons for their own protection? It is worthy of remark, that, in the case of their slave population, the American people admire the doctrine of non-resistance: in other words, they maintain that an insurrection against their bloody despotism would be an act of indescribable criminality. O base and shameless hypocrites! They can glory in the rebellion of 1776, and exult in the slaughter that was then made of the enemies of liberty; but they say it would be contrary to the teachings of the christian religion for those who are suffering from their tyranny to raise the standard of revolt, and cry liberty or death. The teachings of the christian religion! What do they care for any thing that is taught by that religion, if it conflict with their selfishness, ambition, lust, and love of dominion? But let them beware! They have a long account to settle with the God of justice— with him who is no respecter of persons, and who will by no means clear the guilty— with him who sunk Pharaoh and his hosts beneath the waters of the Red Sea! Of what avail is their strength against his omnipotence? or their craftiness against his omniscience, or their show of freedom against his omnipresence? Our first meeting was at Barnstable, on Thursday, the 16th, on the subject of non-resistance. I was two hours behind the appointed time, (owing to the causes above stated,) but the audience behaved with exemplary patience, and they appeared to take a deep interest in the discussion that subsequently took place Henry C. Wright was expected to be present, but was detained by his appointments in Maine. After I had spoken at some length, I was followed by two witnesses on the side of non-resistance, who, of all others, have the most cause to repudiate the doctrine, if it be dangerous to adopt it in practice. The first was Frederick Douglass. He stood there as a slave— a runaway from the southern house of bondage— not safe, for one hour, even on the soil of Massachusetts— with his back all horribly scarred by the lash— with the bitter remembrances of a life of slavery crowding upon his soul— with every thing in his past history, his present condition, his future prospects, to make him a fierce outlaw, and a stern avenger of outraged humanity! He stood there, not to counsel retaliation, not to advocate the right of the oppressed to wade through blood to liberty, not to declaim after the manner of worldy patriotism— O no!— but with the spirit of christian forgiveness in his heart, with the melting accents of charity on his lips, with the gentleness of love beaming in his eyes! His testimony was clear and emphatic. The cause of non-resistance he declared to be divine, and essential to the overthrow of every form of oppression on earth. It was so plain to his vision, it was so palpably in accordance with the genius of Christianity, that he found it difficult to argue the question. I could not help thinking how incomparably superior was this 'chattel,' in all the great qualities of the soul, to any warrior whose deeds are recorded on the page of history; and that here was a remarkable instance of christian magnanimity, and martyr-like devotion to the cause of humanity.— Unquestionably, above all men living, the slaves of this country would be justified in resisting their relentless tyrants unto blood. They find themselves stripped of all their heaven-derived rights, and ranked among the brutes that perish. Their bodies are lacerated with whips, or bound with chains, or scarred with branding-irons. They see their children sold on the suction-block, in company with cattle and swine— their wives scourged and polluted before their own eyes— their claim to be ranked among the intelligent creatures of God rejected with contempt. If, under such terrible provocations, it would be sinful for them to rise against their oppressors, and exact burning for burning, wound for wound, life for life; if, thus degraded, insulted, trampled on, they may not lift a hand or strike a blow in self-defense; who will dare claim, for themselves, the right to use carnal weapons for their own protection? It is worthy of remark, that, in the case of their slave population, the American people admire the doctrine of non-resistance: in other words, they maintain that an insurrection against their bloody despotism would be an act of indescribable criminality. O base and shameless hypocrites! They can glory in the rebellion of 1776, and exult in the slaughter that was then made of the enemies of liberty; but they say it would be contrary to the teachings of the christian religion for those who are suffering from their tyranny to raise the standard of revolt, and cry liberty or death. The teachings of the christian religion! What do they care for any thing that is taught by that religion, if it conflict with their selfishness, ambition, lust, and love of dominion? But let them beware! They have a long account to settle with the God of justice— with him who is no respecter of persons, and who will by no means clear the guilty— with him who sunk Pharaoh and his hosts beneath the waters of the Red Sea! Of what avail is their strength against his omnipotence? or their craftiness against his omniscience, or their show of freedom against his omnipresence? The next-person who addressed the meeting in favor of non-resistance was a woman— Nancy Lovell. She spoke briefly, but feelingly, and with excellent sense. She alluded to Douglass in terms of christian commendation, and held up his example for the imitation of others. Some pertinent remarks were made, on the same side, by our estimable friends, Walcutt of North Dennis, and Hinckley of Hyannis. The meeting was open to all who chose to participate in its proceedings; but, as usual, the advocates of brute force were reluctant to express their views. At last, as orthodox deacon, who talked somewhat vauntingly of his being led by the spirit, and not killed by the letter of scripture, stated what he considered an insurmountable objection to the doctrine of non-resistance. Suppose a ruffian were to assault his wife— would it be his duty to make no attempt to protect her? No. He would grapple with him at once, and if in the struggle he should be compelled to stab the assailant to the heart, he could not be held responsible far the deed. The deacon, I am sorry to say, lost his temper in the discussion, and behaved as though he was conscious that he had also lost the argument; for, after uttering some ungracious words, he seized his hat, and went out of the meeting-house in a state of mind evidently far from peaceful. It is a curious fact— at least, in my experience as a non-resistant,— that the advocates of war and of self-defence invariably report to the supposition of an assault being made upon a women by a brutal ruffian, in order to prove the right and duty of enforcing the man-killing principle; but, in nearly every instance, (if not in all,) I have discovered that these men regard woman as an inferior being— as one not having rights equal to their own— as an appendage to man, rather than as his equal, and when they talk of protecting her, they do so as if they were her keepers 'by the grace of God.' They affect to be her special friends, in order to justify themselves in not becoming non-resistants, and to make provision for the indulgence of their own evil passions whenever they are injured in their person or estate; but they despise her in their hearts, just in proportion as she claims to stand on an equality with themselves. On the same principle, slaveholders will fight to 'protect' their slaves,— animated by the spirit of selfishness and pride; but it is the protection which vultures give to doves, and wolves to sheep. The next-person who addressed the meeting in favor of non-resistance was a woman— Nancy Lovell. She spoke briefly, but feelingly, and with excellent sense. She alluded to Douglass in terms of christian commendation, and held up his example for the imitation of others. Some pertinent remarks were made, on the same side, by our estimable friends, Walcutt of North Dennis, and Hinckley of Hyannis. The meeting was open to all who chose to participate in its proceedings; but, as usual, the advocates of brute force were reluctant to express their views. At last, as orthodox deacon, who talked somewhat vauntingly of his being led by the spirit, and not killed by the letter of scripture, stated what he considered an insurmountable objection to the doctrine of non-resistance. Suppose a ruffian were to assault his wife— would it be his duty to make no attempt to protect her? No. He would grapple with him at once, and if in the struggle he should be compelled to stab the assailant to the heart, he could not be held responsible far the deed. The deacon, I am sorry to say, lost his temper in the discussion, and behaved as though he was conscious that he had also lost the argument; for, after uttering some ungracious words, he seized his hat, and went out of the meeting-house in a state of mind evidently far from peaceful. It is a curious fact— at least, in my experience as a non-resistant,— that the advocates of war and of self-defence invariably report to the supposition of an assault being made upon a women by a brutal ruffian, in order to prove the right and duty of enforcing the man-killing principle; but, in nearly every instance, (if not in all,) I have discovered that these men regard woman as an inferior being— as one not having rights equal to their own— as an appendage to man, rather than as his equal, and when they talk of protecting her, they do so as if they were her keepers 'by the grace of God.' They affect to be her special friends, in order to justify themselves in not becoming non-resistants, and to make provision for the indulgence of their own evil passions whenever they are injured in their person or estate; but they despise her in their hearts, just in proportion as she claims to stand on an equality with themselves. On the same principle, slaveholders will fight to 'protect' their slaves,— animated by the spirit of selfishness and pride; but it is the protection which vultures give to doves, and wolves to sheep. I remember that, among the passengers on board of the packet ship in which I went to England in 1840, there was one who always exhibited a rabid state of mind whenever the subject of non-resistance was introduced as a topic of conversation. If any man should attempt to insult his wife, he would kill him as quick as he would a dog— that he would! You would have thought, for the moment, that his regard for female purity was the acme of christian principle, and that his chivalry was unsurpassed in the annals of knight-errantry. Yet he was (although an educated and highly intelligent man) a miserable debauchee, a horribly profane swearer, a gambler and drunkard, and a desperado in spirit. I think he said he had fought a duel, and killed his antagonist. As for his wife, his conduct showed that he had no true affection or respect for her. He had a pleasant and beautiful home in England, but he was a wanderer abroad in the earth, seeking rest, and finding none. I do not remember to have seen a more melancholy wreck of humanity. But he was not a non-resistant— not he! What! was it for him to see his wife insulted by a villain, and not put a bullet through the head of the wretch! ----- I remember that, among the passengers on board of the packet ship in which I went to England in 1840, there was one who always exhibited a rabid state of mind whenever the subject of non-resistance was introduced as a topic of conversation. If any man should attempt to insult his wife, he would kill him as quick as he would a dog— that he would! You would have thought, for the moment, that his regard for female purity was the acme of christian principle, and that his chivalry was unsurpassed in the annals of knight-errantry. Yet he was (although an educated and highly intelligent man) a miserable debauchee, a horribly profane swearer, a gambler and drunkard, and a desperado in spirit. I think he said he had fought a duel, and killed his antagonist. As for his wife, his conduct showed that he had no true affection or respect for her. He had a pleasant and beautiful home in England, but he was a wanderer abroad in the earth, seeking rest, and finding none. I do not remember to have seen a more melancholy wreck of humanity. But he was not a non-resistant— not he! What! was it for him to see his wife insulted by a villain, and not put a bullet through the head of the wretch! ----- The deacon is in bad company. 'How can two walk together, except they be agreed?' Let him not be offended at this recital. I do not mean to be unkind or personal. I have simply stated a fact, and it is for him to make the application. The only philosophical and christian way to protect woman is to substitute the law of love for the law of violence, and for every man to become a non-resistant! The deacon is in bad company. 'How can two walk together, except they be agreed?' Let him not be offended at this recital. I do not mean to be unkind or personal. I have simply stated a fact, and it is for him to make the application. The only philosophical and christian way to protect woman is to substitute the law of love for the law of violence, and for every man to become a non-resistant! for every man to become a non-resistant! Our next meetings were held at Yarmouth Port. These were devoted to anti-slavery purposes. The audiences were respectable in point of number as well as character, but not large. This is the season when Our next meetings were held at Yarmouth Port. These were devoted to anti-slavery purposes. The audiences were respectable in point of number as well as character, but not large. This is the season when 'The fisher is out on the sunny sea,' 'The fisher is out on the sunny sea,' and, consequently, a large portion of the men are absent. The winter is the time to secure large gatherings. Very little anti-slavery labor has been expended on the Cape; but though it is sandy, it is not a barren soil. It contains some of the best materials in the world, out of which to manufacture abolitionism of the first quality. The mass of the people need to be enlightened on the subject of slavery, and then they will act in the spirit of freeman. At present, they are in a state of apathy, because they are not generally aware of their guilty connection with the slave system. I trust something has been done, by this tour, to diffuse light, and to excite an interest in the anti-slavery movement. In every town that I visited, there are at least a few faithful, intelligent, devoted abolitionists, whose co-operation is to be prized, and whose friendship is richly worth possessing. and, consequently, a large portion of the men are absent. The winter is the time to secure large gatherings. Very little anti-slavery labor has been expended on the Cape; but though it is sandy, it is not a barren soil. It contains some of the best materials in the world, out of which to manufacture abolitionism of the first quality. The mass of the people need to be enlightened on the subject of slavery, and then they will act in the spirit of freeman. At present, they are in a state of apathy, because they are not generally aware of their guilty connection with the slave system. I trust something has been done, by this tour, to diffuse light, and to excite an interest in the anti-slavery movement. In every town that I visited, there are at least a few faithful, intelligent, devoted abolitionists, whose co-operation is to be prized, and whose friendship is richly worth possessing. On Saturday, the 18th inst. we held anti-slavery meetings in Centreville, commencing at 1 o'clock, P.M. and ending at 10 o'clock in the evening, with only a brief interim. The interest in these appeared to be very great in the minds of the people. No one ventured to prefer any charges against our enterprise, or its advocates. The folly and unnatural behaviour of those who have endeavored to create divisions in our ranks, on account of religious and political differences of opinion, were fully exposed, and a large mass of important facts presented to show how slavery is hurrying the country down to destruction. On Saturday, the 18th inst. we held anti-slavery meetings in Centreville, commencing at 1 o'clock, P.M. and ending at 10 o'clock in the evening, with only a brief interim. The interest in these appeared to be very great in the minds of the people. No one ventured to prefer any charges against our enterprise, or its advocates. The folly and unnatural behaviour of those who have endeavored to create divisions in our ranks, on account of religious and political differences of opinion, were fully exposed, and a large mass of important facts presented to show how slavery is hurrying the country down to destruction. At all these anti-slavery meetings, and at others which were subsequently held, (an account of which cannot be given in the present number for want of room,) speeches of great power and eloquence were made by my associates in the field of labor, George Bradburn and Frederick Douglass. The one spoke experimently of the workings of the slave system, and unmasked the abominable hypocrisy of the religion of the South;— the other exposed the guilt and servility of the North, in a manner not less effective than original— 'from gay to grave, from lively to severe.' At all these anti-slavery meetings, and at others which were subsequently held, (an account of which cannot be given in the present number for want of room,) speeches of great power and eloquence were made by my associates in the field of labor, George Bradburn and Frederick Douglass. The one spoke experimently of the workings of the slave system, and unmasked the abominable hypocrisy of the religion of the South;— the other exposed the guilt and servility of the North, in a manner not less effective than original— 'from gay to grave, from lively to severe.' 

 WILL find it for their advantage to send their old Combs for alteration or exchange, to JORDAN'S, No. 2 Milk street, second door from Washington-street, where they will find over one thousand patterns from which to choose, and at the lowest prices. July 1. WILL find it for their advantage to send their old Combs for alteration or exchange, to JORDAN'S, No. 2 Milk street, second door from Washington-street, where they will find over one thousand patterns from which to choose, and at the lowest prices. July 1. 

 'Punishment of Death: its Authority and Expediency. By Rev. George B. Cheever. New-York— M.W. Dodd: 1842.' 'Punishment of Death: its Authority and Expediency. By Rev. George B. Cheever. New-York— M.W. Dodd: 'Punishment of Death: its Authority and Expediency. By Rev. George B. Cheever. New-York— M.W. Dodd: 1842.' We have already noticed the instructive fact, that, in consequence of the growing spirit of humanity among the people of New-York and Pennsylvania, which is leading them to demand the abolition of capital punishment, several of the clergy of those States (chiefly, if not exclusively, of the 'orthodox' stamp) have recently delivered a series of discourses against any melioration of the code of death. Among these is GEORGE B. CHEEVER, formerly of Salem, but now of the city of New-York. So filled are they with the spirit of Christ, that the horrid penalty of imprisonment for life is, in their eyes, a most trifling punishment; and even hanging is too good for one who has taken the life of his fellow-man. As usual, in order to accomplish their sanguinary purpose, they pervert both the letter and the spirit of the scriptures,— flee from the light of the new into the darkness of the old dispensation,— give to Noah and Moses the preeminence over Christ,— represent the infliction of capital punishment as essential to the salvation of the world, and raise the cry of infidelity against those who are in favor of substituting some other punishment for that of death. The priesthood, as such, are over on the popular side— ever against reform until its triumph is certain— ever eager to support 'the powers that be'— ever arrayed against the rights and liberties of mankind. They are a body of spiritual usurpers, whose pretensions are false, whose claims are groundless, whose overthrow is sure. They do not belong to the ministry of Christ, but are 'wolves in sheep's clothing.' We have already noticed the instructive fact, that, in consequence of the growing spirit of humanity among the people of New-York and Pennsylvania, which is leading them to demand the abolition of capital punishment, several of the clergy of those States (chiefly, if not exclusively, of the 'orthodox' stamp) have recently delivered a series of discourses against any melioration of the code of death. Among these is GEORGE B. CHEEVER, formerly of Salem, but now of the city of New-York. So filled are they with the spirit of Christ, that the horrid penalty of imprisonment for life is, in their eyes, a most trifling punishment; and even hanging is too good for one who has taken the life of his fellow-man. As usual, in order to accomplish their sanguinary purpose, they pervert both the letter and the spirit of the scriptures,— flee from the light of the new into the darkness of the old dispensation,— give to Noah and Moses the preeminence over Christ,— represent the infliction of capital punishment as essential to the salvation of the world, and raise the cry of infidelity against those who are in favor of substituting some other punishment for that of death. The priesthood, as such, are over on the popular side— ever against reform until its triumph is certain— ever eager to support 'the powers that be'— ever arrayed against the rights and liberties of mankind. They are a body of spiritual usurpers, whose pretensions are false, whose claims are groundless, whose overthrow is sure. They do not belong to the ministry of Christ, but are 'wolves in sheep's clothing.' A few years ago, George B. Cheever obtained some notoriety in the land by a sketch of 'Deacon Giles's Distillery,' which subjected him to a brutal assault, in broad daylight, by a ruffian in the employment of one Dea. Stone, of Salem. The occurrence excited very considerable interest in the person of Mr. Cheever, especially on the part of the 'ultra,' (i.e. the genuine) friends of Temperance; and it caused him to be regarded as one who possessed the courage and the spirit of a martyr. This estimate of his character was a grand mistake. His fancy sketch of the Distillery exhibited the genius of an artist, but not the attributes of a reformer. It was a scorching ebullition of irony, a strong spasm of moral indignation, a glowing portraiture of the demon of the still— nothing more. We believe it was the first and the last effort of Mr. Cheever to enact the part of one who seeks to turn the world upside down. As a professed disciple of Christ, he did wrong to prosecute his brutal assailant. He ought to have forgiven him on the spot. Finding that he must alter his course, or forfeit the respect and confidence of those who sat in Moses's seat, he speedily came to the conclusion that discretion was the better part of valor, and from that day to the present has been careful not to shock or startle the public mind. For a time, indeed, he was almost persuaded to be an abolitionist, and seemed to be friendly to the anti-slavery movement; but he has not dared to open his lips on the subject for years, at least to our knowledge. He made a tour in Europe, and on his return was 'settled' in New-York, where he has since sustained a priestly office, after the most approved pattern. Such an office, in such a city, is enough to settle any man, even to the bottom of moral stagnation, and to turn the heart of humanity from flesh to stone. A few years ago, George B. Cheever obtained some notoriety in the land by a sketch of 'Deacon Giles's Distillery,' which subjected him to a brutal assault, in broad daylight, by a ruffian in the employment of one Dea. Stone, of Salem. The occurrence excited very considerable interest in the person of Mr. Cheever, especially on the part of the 'ultra,' (i.e. the genuine) friends of Temperance; and it caused him to be regarded as one who possessed the courage and the spirit of a martyr. This estimate of his character was a grand mistake. His fancy sketch of the Distillery exhibited the genius of an artist, but not the attributes of a reformer. It was a scorching ebullition of irony, a strong spasm of moral indignation, a glowing portraiture of the demon of the still— nothing more. We believe it was the first and the last effort of Mr. Cheever to enact the part of one who seeks to turn the world upside down. As a professed disciple of Christ, he did wrong to prosecute his brutal assailant. He ought to have forgiven him on the spot. Finding that he must alter his course, or forfeit the respect and confidence of those who sat in Moses's seat, he speedily came to the conclusion that discretion was the better part of valor, and from that day to the present has been careful not to shock or startle the public mind. For a time, indeed, he was almost persuaded to be an abolitionist, and seemed to be friendly to the anti-slavery movement; but he has not dared to open his lips on the subject for years, at least to our knowledge. He made a tour in Europe, and on his return was 'settled' in New-York, where he has since sustained a priestly office, after the most approved pattern. Such an office, in such a city, is enough to settle settle any man, even to the bottom of moral stagnation, and to turn the heart of humanity from flesh to stone. 

 THE subscriber offers for sale a large and well selected assortment of Pocket Books, of all sizes and prices. A.S. JORDAN, THE subscriber offers for sale a large and well selected assortment of Pocket Books, of all sizes and prices. A.S. JORDAN, No. 2 Milk-street, 2d door from Washington-st. July 1. No. 2 Milk-street, 2d door from Washington-st. July 1. 

 DUBLIN, 2d of 6th mo., 1842. DUBLIN, 2d of 6th mo., 1842. [ ] DEAR FRIEND: [ ] DEAR FRIEND: But I need not have gone into so much length on these epistles, but rather have referred thee at once to the newspapers, of which I send thee a number, and which will show that at least the American slavery question is not sleeping amongst us. Thou wilt doubtless read the proceedings arising out of those amusing epistles, with deep interest, as well as the comments in the Morning Register, Evening Packet, Northern Whig, &c. One thing I would point out to thee, viz: the popularity of the anti-slavery cause amongst us— the cheers with which every allusion to abolition, from O'Connell or the other speakers, was received. I shall not forestall by offering my opinion on the present position of the anti-slavery cause, but merely remark that my friend James Haughton, (who long since joined the Repeal Association, though he has found, from his association with us in prosecuting objects of active philanthropy, and a dislike to embarking in politics, but little time or inclination to engage in these proceedings,) has acted nobly in bringing the subject before the Repealers of Ireland; and I believe I may safely assert, that the feeling exists widely, that his proposition of refusing aid from the slave States, should have been acceded to. But I need not have gone into so much length on these epistles, but rather have referred thee at once to the newspapers, of which I send thee a number, and which will show that at least the American slavery question is not sleeping amongst us. Thou wilt doubtless read the proceedings arising out of those amusing epistles, with deep interest, as well as the comments in the Morning Register, Evening Packet, Northern Whig, &c. One thing I would point out to thee, viz: the popularity of the anti-slavery cause amongst us the popularity of the anti-slavery cause amongst us — the cheers with which every allusion to abolition, from O'Connell or the other speakers, was received. I shall not forestall by offering my opinion on the present position of the anti-slavery cause, but merely remark that my friend James Haughton, (who long since joined the Repeal Association, though he has found, from his association with us in prosecuting objects of active philanthropy, and a dislike to embarking in politics, but little time or inclination to engage in these proceedings,) has acted nobly in bringing the subject before the Repealers of Ireland; and I believe I may safely assert, that the feeling exists widely, that his proposition of refusing aid from the slave States, should have been acceded to. Let me now turn from this subject to tell thee of the spread of peace— of anti-war principles— which appears to me to be almost unprecedented. The cry of horror, of indignation, at our deeply disgraceful conduct in the invasion of China, and the Affghanistan territories in India, appears daily to gain fresh strength. The penny-post, that noble measure which has thrown open the channels of communication to the people to an almost incalculable extent— would that you had it too— almost daily brings us, from some parts of England, or our own land, fresh proofs of new laborers being enlisted in the peace cause. 'Don't enlist', and 'I don't go to Jamaica,' are the watch-words in Ireland; while anti-war papers are multiplying, or being reprinted and circulated widely. It does amaze me, my friend, to see the wonderful advance which is taking place in this anti-war spirit— to what extent it is crippling the government in their anti-christian war spirit, time will but tell. The celebrated 'Few hints about the Army,' and 'Rhymes for the People, have been circulated in tens of thousands- and, strong and vigorous as they are, they continue to be prime favorites amongst many of the advocates of peace. Let me now turn from this subject to tell thee of the spread of peace— of anti-war principles— which appears to me to be almost unprecedented. The cry of horror, of indignation, at our deeply disgraceful conduct in the invasion of China, and the Affghanistan territories in India, appears daily to gain fresh strength. The penny-post, that noble measure which has thrown open the channels of communication to the people people to an almost incalculable extent— would that you had it too— almost daily brings us, from some parts of England, or our own land, fresh proofs of new laborers being enlisted in the peace cause. 'Don't enlist', and 'I don't go to Jamaica,' are the watch-words in Ireland; while anti-war papers are multiplying, or being reprinted and circulated widely. It does amaze me, my friend, to see the wonderful advance which is taking place in this anti-war spirit— to what extent it is crippling the government in their anti-christian war spirit, time will but tell. The celebrated 'Few hints about the Army,' and 'Rhymes for the People, have been circulated in tens of thousands- and, strong and vigorous as they are, they continue to be prime favorites amongst many of the advocates of peace. It was my good fortune to be in London at the meeting in which it was determined that a World's Peace Convention should be held in London next year. Noble testimonies to the peace principle were borne on that occasion by Dr. Bowring, J. Brothertton, and R. Cobden, all M.P.'s; and I feel satisfied, that if this Convention is held on a broad, comprehensive principle, it will effect much. The annual meeting of the Peace Society was very large, and some thoroughgoing peace speeches were made. The most effective addresses were from Charles Stovil, a dissenting minister, who denounced the tenure by which we held our possessions in India, as the robber's rights, adding that it was true we 'had sent the Bible amongst the heathen,' but if we had, 'we had first dipped it in blood.' To my no small satisfaction, our eloquent and indefatigable friend George Thompson walked into the meeting, with his wife leaning on his arm, during the proceedings. He was soon called upon, when he delivered one of his usual eloquent and thoroughgoing speeches, in which he probed the war principle deeply, and shewed it to be the offspring of Satan himself. The meeting concluded by adopting a petition against all war, and against those now raging in China and Affghanistan; and I am rejoiced to hear that the Society of Friends adopted a petition similar in import at the Yearly Meeting in London which closed last week. It was my good fortune to be in London at the meeting in which it was determined that a World's Peace Convention should be held in London next year. Noble testimonies to the peace principle were borne on that occasion by Dr. Bowring, J. Brothertton, and R. Cobden, all M.P.'s; and I feel satisfied, that if this Convention is held on a broad, comprehensive principle, it will effect much. The annual meeting of the Peace Society was very large, and some thoroughgoing peace peace speeches were made. The most effective addresses were from Charles Stovil, a dissenting minister, who denounced the tenure by which we held our possessions in India, as the robber's rights, adding that it was true we 'had sent the Bible amongst the heathen,' but if we had, 'we had first dipped it in blood.' To my no small satisfaction, our eloquent and indefatigable friend George Thompson walked into the meeting, with his wife leaning on his arm, during the proceedings. He was soon called upon, when he delivered one of his usual eloquent and thoroughgoing speeches, in which he probed the war principle deeply, and shewed it to be the offspring of Satan himself. The meeting concluded by adopting a petition against all war, and against those now raging in China and Affghanistan; and I am rejoiced to hear that the Society of Friends adopted a petition similar in import at the Yearly Meeting in London which closed last week. The British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Reporter will doubtless reach thee, giving an account of the annual meeting of the Society. One passage of the Committee's report forcibly struck me, as follows:— 'The slave trade, as far as its movements can be traced in official and other authentic documents, is but little diminished in its extent. The markets for human beings are still open— the traffic is carried on with great activity— the profits are immense— and it is found that just in proportion to the vigor of the means used for its FORCIBLE suppression, is the ingenuity of its abettors successfully secured in carrying it on, and the misery of its victims fearfully increased.' The British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Reporter will doubtless reach thee, giving an account of the annual meeting of the Society. One passage of the Committee's report forcibly struck me, as follows:— 'The slave trade, as far as its movements can be traced in official and other authentic documents, is but little diminished in its extent. The markets for human beings are still open— the traffic is carried on with great activity— the profits are immense— and it is found that just in proportion to the vigor of the means used for its FORCIBLE suppression, is the ingenuity of its abettors successfully secured in carrying it on, and the misery of its victims fearfully increased.' What a testimony does this paragraph bear to two great principles! The one, that all the warlike measures for suppressing the infernal traffic have been worse than useless, thus adding another seal to the Peace principle, the other, that it is only in the abolition of slavery that we can hope to see the slave trade annihilated. What a testimony does this paragraph bear to two great principles! The one, that all the warlike measures for suppressing the infernal traffic have been worse than useless, thus adding another seal to the Peace principle, the other, that it is only in the abolition of slavery that we can hope to see the slave trade annihilated. But probably the most interesting portion of the proceedings was the speech of Wm. Knibb, in which he detailed the shameful sufferings endured by the unfortunate Irish and English, who were deluded to emigrate to Jamaica as laborers. The sufferings of those poor people have been dreadful; a large portion of them are already in their graves, and we have appealed to the government to send out a vessel immediately for the remainder, in order to save them from the doom of their companions. I believe those who emigrated from your land have been no less exposed to suffering, disease and death. The prosperous state of the freed population— the triumphant success of the emancipation mission— is now established beyond all cavil; but I grieve to say the planters are still, many of them, full of the old leaven, and that there is too much reason to fear a revival of the slave trade in the shape of exportation of Africans to the West Indies under the denomination of free laborers. But probably the most interesting portion of the proceedings was the speech of Wm. Knibb, in which he detailed the shameful sufferings endured by the unfortunate Irish and English, who were deluded to emigrate to Jamaica as laborers. The sufferings of those poor people have been dreadful; a large portion of them are already in their graves, and we have appealed to the government to send out a vessel immediately for the remainder, in order to save them from the doom of their companions. I believe those who emigrated from your land have been no less exposed to suffering, disease and death. The prosperous state of the freed population— the triumphant success of the emancipation mission— is now established beyond all cavil; but I grieve to say the planters are still, many of them, full of the old leaven, and that there is too much reason to fear a revival of the slave trade in the shape of exportation of Africans to the West Indies under the denomination of free laborers. But here I am at the end of my sheet, and my story not half told. I spent part of yesterday evening reading thy heart-burning articles on the repeal of the American Union, to my wife, who desires her kindest regards to thee, and Thomas Davis, who is our welcome guest. I assure thee we are not going to say to thee, STOP; and while like cautious men and women we wait to hear both sides of the question, and have a wholesome desire of politics being kept clear of under the head of 'old organization,' we see all the arguments to be on thy side, and are of opinion that it will prove a powerful engine with which to agitate the public mind, and that it has already brought up some of your pro-slavery papers to look with great complacency on all abolitionists who will not go so far. One thing is certain, that slaveholders dread the dissolution of the Union as the death-knell of their 'favorite;' and this fact alone is (at all events,) worthy of the serious consideration of abolitionists. But here I am at the end of my sheet, and my story not half told. I spent part of yesterday evening reading thy heart-burning articles on the repeal of the American Union, to my wife, who desires her kindest regards to thee, and Thomas Davis, who is our welcome guest. I assure thee we are not going to say to thee, STOP; and while like cautious men and women we wait to hear both sides of the question, and have a wholesome desire of politics being kept clear of under the head of 'old organization,' we see all the arguments to be on thy side, and are of opinion that it will prove a powerful engine with which to agitate the public mind, and that it has already brought up some of your pro-slavery papers to look with great complacency on all abolitionists who will not go so far. One thing is certain, that slaveholders dread the dissolution of the Union as the death-knell of their 'favorite;' 'favorite;' and this fact alone is (at all events,) worthy of the serious consideration of abolitionists. A dreadful revelation has been made of the system followed in many of the coal mines of England— not Ireland— in working infants, girls and women in them, under circumstances of the most appalling barbarity and depravity. It is not slavery, because those poor people were not chattel property; but certainly I have never read of any thing more disgusting, in many respects, occurring even in slave countries; and it seems to be the nearest approach to it (slavery) that I have ever read or heard of. The whole matter has, however, been laid bare, and I feel little doubt but that public indignation will speedily enforce a remedy. A dreadful revelation has been made of the system followed in many of the coal mines of England— not Ireland— in working infants, girls and women in them, under circumstances of the most appalling barbarity and depravity. It is not slavery, because those poor people were not chattel property; but certainly I have never read of any thing more disgusting, in many respects, occurring even in slave countries; and it seems to be the nearest approach to it (slavery) that I have ever read or heard of. The whole matter has, however, been laid bare, and I feel little doubt but that public indignation will speedily enforce a remedy. The temperance cause appears as cheering as ever in Ireland, and the accounts from your side of the Atlantic are very animating. The indefatigable 'Father Mathew' is to administer the pledge in a beautiful locality, a few miles from this city, the day after tomorrow, and he will probably visit Dublin on the day following, when, I doubt not, many thousands will be added to the ranks of our four and a half millions of tee-totallers. The temperance cause appears as cheering as ever in Ireland, and the accounts from your side of the Atlantic are very animating. The indefatigable 'Father Mathew' is to administer the pledge in a beautiful locality, a few miles from this city, the day after tomorrow, and he will probably visit Dublin on the day following, when, I doubt not, many thousands will be added to the ranks of our four and a half millions of tee-totallers. I should have told thee that we have had some demonstrations from 'the powers that be,' against our anti-war proceedings. Our energetic friend John Murray, of Glasgow, has been more than once laid hands on by the police, and one of the distributors at Birmingham was twice arrested, and ultimately fined five shillings for 'obstructing the pathway.' See to what straights our authorities are driven, to resort to such paltry grounds to check our endeavors to save the famishing or the thoughtless from selling themselves to the trade of blood. But I must stop. I should have told thee that we have had some demonstrations from 'the powers that be,' against our anti-war proceedings. Our energetic friend John Murray, of Glasgow, has been more than once laid hands on by the police, and one of the distributors at Birmingham was twice arrested, and ultimately fined five shillings for 'obstructing the pathway.' See to what straights our authorities are driven, to resort to such paltry grounds to check our endeavors to save the famishing or the thoughtless from selling themselves to the trade of blood. But I must stop. Affectionately thine, Affectionately thine, RICHARD ALLEN. RICHARD ALLEN. 

 'The cry of the whole South should be death, instant death to the abolitionist, wherever he is caught. Northern abolitionists are a class of desperate fanatics, who, to accomplish their unhallowed ends, are ready to sacrifice our lives, and those of our wives and children. Keep their publications from among us, and hang every emissary that dares step a lawless foot upon our soil.'— Augusta Chronicle, Geo. 'The cry of the whole South should be death, instant death to the abolitionist, wherever he is caught. Northern abolitionists are a class of desperate fanatics, who, to accomplish their unhallowed ends, are ready to sacrifice our lives, and those of our wives and children. Keep their publications from among us, and hang every emissary that dares step a lawless foot upon our soil.'— Augusta Chronicle, Geo. Augusta Chronicle, Geo. The glorious Union of ourselves and siresWill be dismembered by the fanatics!Hear how they cry for liberty and rights,And tell us that 'all men are equal born.'Adams, the traitor, speaks it openly,And Giddings, too, has dared to raise his voiceAgainst our known decree! Like Banquo's ghost,We cannot make them 'down,'— disordered men!What! would they have us set our chattels free?Men are not born with equal rights, and madeIn God's own image. 'Tis not so!The reverend fathers of the church are right—They tell us 'Abraham had slaves'— and weWill follow in their steps. With one accordThey practice what they preach, and surely theyAre on the road to Heaven. The glorious Union of ourselves and siresWill be dismembered by the fanatics!Hear how they cry for liberty and rights,And tell us that 'all men are equal born.'Adams, the traitor, speaks it openly,And Giddings, too, has dared to raise his voiceAgainst our known decree! Like Banquo's ghost,We cannot make them 'down,'— disordered men!What! would they have us set our chattels free?Men are not born with equal rights, and madeIn God's own image. 'Tis not so!The reverend fathers of the church are right—They tell us 'Abraham had slaves'— and weWill follow in their steps. With one accordThey practice what they preach, and surely theyAre on the road to Heaven.                The Union is at stake.— Union fanatics! Traitors to order, liberty, and peace—Dissolvers of the Union— men unfitTo stand, or breathe, even on Slavery's soil!The dark assassin, who, with murd'rous knife,Hath struck a death-wound to his fellow's heart,And smiled to see his suffering, and his death,Must have a nobler fate. Our lot is cast!'Death, instant death,' is all that he may hope!— Traitors to order, liberty, and peace—Dissolvers of the Union— men unfitTo stand, or breathe, even on Slavery's soil!The dark assassin, who, with murd'rous knife,Hath struck a death-wound to his fellow's heart,And smiled to see his suffering, and his death,Must have a nobler fate. Our lot is cast!'Death, instant death,' is all that he may hope!—        fanatics! Ay, ruthless wretches, quite beyond the paleOf Christian fellowship; for whom no signsOf mercy must be shown— outlaws at large,Who must not have a jury, save the mob—No common trial with the thief and liar!These may stand up before their country's bar,And plead their cause; Justice will hear them speak,And learned Judges sit upon the bench,—But we, (unchristian rebels that we are,)Must hear our dreadful doom without a word!The 'sovereign people,' who compose the mob,Must act as our accusers, counsel, judge,And then decide that we are 'fanatics.'And then we may rejoice, if we escape,'With a shaved head and glossy coat of tar.'Yes, Mercy must be in her mildest mood,If this 'outbreaking of the public mindShould deign to be so mild. Ay, ruthless wretches, quite beyond the paleOf Christian fellowship; for whom no signsOf mercy must be shown— outlaws at large,Who must not have a jury, save the mob—No common trial with the thief and liar!These may stand up before their country's bar,And plead their cause; Justice will hear them speak,And learned Judges sit upon the bench,—But we, (unchristian rebels that we are,)Must hear our dreadful doom without a word!The 'sovereign people,' who compose the mob,Must act as our accusers, counsel, judge,And then decide that we are 'fanatics.'And then we may rejoice, if we escape,'With a shaved head and glossy coat of tar.'Yes, Mercy must be in her mildest mood,If this 'outbreaking of the public mindShould deign to be so mild.                  fanatics? Is it because we read the word of God,And learn that men have all a common source;A common destiny? That they are madeIn God's own image? That their souls are stampedWith immortality? That he who chainsThe body, or the mind, assumes a powerThat God hath never given? Is it becauseWe 'plead for those in bonds,' and still assert,That even the slave has an immortal soul?That he should worship God as conscience bids?That his dark mind should see the light of truth?That he should be, like his white brother, FREE? Is it because we read the word of God,And learn that men have all a common source;A common destiny? That they are madeIn God's own image? That their souls are stampedWith immortality? That he who chainsThe body, or the mind, assumes a powerThat God hath never given? Is it becauseWe 'plead for those in bonds,' and still assert,That even the slave has an immortal soul?That he should worship God as conscience bids?That his dark mind should see the light of truth?That he should be, like his white brother, FREE?            We ask the tyrant to unbind his limbs,And raise him to the dignity of MAN?Is it because we hold the Bible up,As the great rule of moral rectitude—The safest guide for man's benighted way—A lamp 'to light his path,' in this dark world—A teacher that inculcates heavenly truth,And makes him 'love his neighbor as himself?'Is it because we send our prayers to heaven,Pleading with God to set the prisoner free?Then are we fanatics! and it shall beOur joy to stand unmoved amid the shockOf hellish persecution; and with soulsFirm and unshaken in the cause of truth,To snatch the spoiled from the oppressor's power,And raise him to a level with our race!And may this wild fanaticism spread,As it hath done— till every christian manShall be a fanatic! We ask the tyrant to unbind his limbs,And raise him to the dignity of MAN?Is it because we hold the Bible up,As the great rule of moral rectitude—The safest guide for man's benighted way—A lamp 'to light his path,' in this dark world—A teacher that inculcates heavenly truth,And makes him 'love his neighbor as himself?'Is it because we send our prayers to heaven,Pleading with God to set the prisoner free?Then are we fanatics! and it shall beOur joy to stand unmoved amid the shockOf hellish persecution; and with soulsFirm and unshaken in the cause of truth,To snatch the spoiled from the oppressor's power,And raise him to a level with our race!And may this wild fanaticism spread,As it hath done— till every christian manShall be a fanatic!                   Hath joined the marshalling host! FreedomHath rung her loud clear bugle blast; and nowThousands have heard her call, and raised the cry,For universal right! Slavery's curst spellWill yet be broken by the power of Truth,And the bound captive, toiling in his chains,Will hear the jubilee that sets him free!Haste on the day, great God! when man no moreShall press his fellow down— when Righteousness,When Truth, and Peace, and Love shall reign on earth,And when the franchised slave shall raise his hands,With joyful shoutings for his LIBERTY!Manchester, Brooke Co., Va., May, 1842. Hath joined the marshalling host! Freedom Freedom Hath rung her loud clear bugle blast; and nowThousands have heard her call, and raised the cry,For universal right! Slavery's curst spellWill yet be broken by the power of Truth,And the bound captive, toiling in his chains,Will hear the jubilee that sets him free!Haste on the day, great God! when man no moreShall press his fellow down— when Righteousness,When Truth, and Peace, and Love shall reign on earth,And when the franchised slave shall raise his hands,With joyful shoutings for his LIBERTY!Manchester, Brooke Co., Va., May, 1842.             

 We copy the following piece of biting satire from the last number of the Non-Resistant. We copy the following piece of biting satire from the last number of the Non-Resistant. The friends of humanity throughout the world have been grieved, as well as its enemies rejoiced, within a few months past, by the publication of a series of sonnets in defence of capital punishment, by the poet Wordsworth. They were also as much surprised as grieved, that one who had been honored especially as the poet of humanity should have descended from his godlike vocation, to ponder to the cruel cowardice of society. But so it is— to whatever cause we may attribute it. Here we have, in good set verses, all the old stereotyped arguments in favor of hanging. If it were not for the sorrow which such a prostitution of genius must excite, and the sense of mischief which the weight of such a man's influence must have in a community upon the general mind, as yet unsettled on the question, it would be absolutely laughable to see our old acquaintances tricked out in their new and jingling dresses. The thrice-slain common places of our gallows-loving clergy are snatched from the graves where they were quietly reposing, to be embalmed by the wizzard of the lakes, and, in their mummy-like ghastliness, passed off as living truths. Perhaps they may deceive some for a time, and perhaps defer the final repeal of the remains of the Draconic code of England, for which purpose they were unquestionably written and published. But the poet will be punished for the misdeeds of the man. The remnant of barbarism which it is the design of these sonnets to uphold, cannot, in the nature of things, endure much longer in what calls Itself the civilized world. The sentiments which these effusions have excited in the few, will before long be those of the many— of the all; and they must be regarded to the end of time as a deep blot upon his fame. It is to be hoped that he may yet recover the true vision of the Bard, and that he may learn to look upon these poems (as lines perhaps the only ones) 'which, dying, he would wish to blot.' The friends of humanity throughout the world have been grieved, as well as its enemies rejoiced, within a few months past, by the publication of a series of sonnets in defence of capital punishment, by the poet Wordsworth. They were also as much surprised as grieved, that one who had been honored especially as the poet of humanity should have descended from his godlike vocation, to ponder to the cruel cowardice of society. But so it is— to whatever cause we may attribute it. Here we have, in good set verses, all the old stereotyped arguments in favor of hanging. If it were not for the sorrow which such a prostitution of genius must excite, and the sense of mischief which the weight of such a man's influence must have in a community upon the general mind, as yet unsettled on the question, it would be absolutely laughable to see our old acquaintances tricked out in their new and jingling dresses. The thrice-slain common places of our gallows-loving clergy are snatched from the graves where they were quietly reposing, to be embalmed by the wizzard of the lakes, and, in their mummy-like ghastliness, passed off as living truths. Perhaps they may deceive some for a time, and perhaps defer the final repeal of the remains of the Draconic code of England, for which purpose they were unquestionably written and published. But the poet will be punished for the misdeeds of the man. The remnant of barbarism which it is the design of these sonnets to uphold, cannot, in the nature of things, endure much longer in what calls Itself the civilized world. The sentiments which these effusions have excited in the few, will before long be those of the many— of the all; and they must be regarded to the end of time as a deep blot upon his fame. It is to be hoped that he may yet recover the true vision of the Bard, and that he may learn to look upon these poems (as lines perhaps the only ones) 'which, dying, he would wish to blot.' It will indeed seem strange to a more civilized posterity, to look upon the occupation of this great poet, whose vocation has been to touch, and purify, and elevate the heart of man, by the divinest magic, stooping to daub over a half-rotten absurdity, and to consecrate a crime of which the very Old Bailey was beginning to be ashamed. The poetical Nestor of the nineteenth century crowning Jack Ketch with laurels, decking the gallows with garlands, and painting it coleur de rose, as the French Jacobins did 'the gay guillotine'! As if people were not ready enough to avenge themselves of their enemies, and to endeavor to provide themselves with an imaginary security, by describing around them a circle of human blood, without a sacred bard coming to sanctify the deed. The clergy I expect to see eulogizing and blessing those who thirst for their brothers' blood. But I do begrudge the poets. Is there no one else to sing the glories of the human shambles, and to vindicate the God-given right of breaking human necks, but William Wordsworth? Is the gibbet about to divide with the battle field the songs of the poets? Are epic poems to be founded on the Newgate calendar? Is the hangman to come in for his share of the praises which his brother destroyers of the sword have hitherto monopolized? This is poetical justice, I admit. The one is as much entitled to the meed of tuneful admiration as the other. The hero of the halter deserves as much, nay more, from the comparative fewness of his murders, the admiration of mankind, as he of the field-marshal's truncheon. But, still, I wish it had fallen to the lot of some other than Wordsworth to be the laureate of the gallows. It will indeed seem strange to a more civilized posterity, to look upon the occupation of this great poet, whose vocation has been to touch, and purify, and elevate the heart of man, by the divinest magic, stooping to daub over a half-rotten absurdity, and to consecrate a crime of which the very Old Bailey was beginning to be ashamed. The poetical Nestor of the nineteenth century crowning Jack Ketch with laurels, decking the gallows with garlands, and painting it coleur de rose, coleur de rose, as the French Jacobins did 'the gay guillotine'! As if people were not ready enough to avenge themselves of their enemies, and to endeavor to provide themselves with an imaginary security, by describing around them a circle of human blood, without a sacred bard coming to sanctify the deed. The clergy I expect to see eulogizing and blessing those who thirst for their brothers' blood. But I do begrudge the poets. Is there no one else to sing the glories of the human shambles, and to vindicate the God-given right of breaking human necks, but William Wordsworth? Is the gibbet about to divide with the battle field the songs of the poets? Are epic poems to be founded on the Newgate calendar? Is the hangman to come in for his share of the praises which his brother destroyers of the sword have hitherto monopolized? This is poetical justice, I admit. The one is as much entitled to the meed of tuneful admiration as the other. The hero of the halter deserves as much, nay more, from the comparative fewness of his murders, the admiration of mankind, as he of the field-marshal's truncheon. But, still, I wish it had fallen to the lot of some other than Wordsworth to be the laureate of the gallows. In one of the sonnets, a slightly new view is taken of the beneficent influences of hanging. At least, I do not remember to have seen it urged in other quarters. Mr. Wordsworth thinks that when a man has been condemned for a capital crime, and has made up his mind to be hanged, he ought not to wish to be pardoned, because all his penitence might thereby be thrown away, and he become a wicked sinner again. This is presenting the argument from the absolute humanity of the operation— showing that the advantage of the criminal is by no means overlooked in it. Indeed, he more than intimates, that a man wishing for pardon or commutation, under such circumstances, plainly shows that he does not know what is for his own good, and should be treated accordingly. I apprehend, however, that if our poet should find himself, some fine morning, standing on Newgate drop, with a noose under his left ear, and a hundred thousand eyes glaring at him, it might somewhat modify his preconceived opinions on the subject. He enlarges, moreover, on the advantages of hanging over transportation or imprisonment in a manner which should commend itself to any convict of taste and discretion. In short, he throws such a mantle of fine words over the somewhat matter-of-fact business of breaking a man's neck, that it actually seems to rise into the ideal, and to be surrounded with a misty halo of glory. Perhaps he may succeed in bringing the gallows into fashion among his numerous admirers; and who knows but the Lake school of poets may give place to the Gallows school? Perhaps he may do what a celebrated gentleman of Boston suggested, some years ago, as probable, for other reasons. He was dining in company with Governor Everett, and with the rest of the party was urging him to have Russell and Crockett (the incendiaries) hanged. The Governor suggested the various reasons which had been offered for a commutation of punishment— among them, that one execution generally produced others. 'Ah! yes,' replied our gentleman with diabolical glee, 'there is great danger of creating a taste to be hanged.' In one of the sonnets, a slightly new view is taken of the beneficent influences of hanging. At least, I do not remember to have seen it urged in other quarters. Mr. Wordsworth thinks that when a man has been condemned for a capital crime, and has made up his mind to be hanged, he ought not to wish to be pardoned, because all his penitence might thereby be thrown away, and he become a wicked sinner again. This is presenting the argument from the absolute humanity of the operation— showing that the advantage of the criminal is by no means overlooked in it. Indeed, he more than intimates, that a man wishing for pardon or commutation, under such circumstances, plainly shows that he does not know what is for his own good, and should be treated accordingly. I apprehend, however, that if our poet should find himself, some fine morning, standing on Newgate drop, with a noose under his left ear, and a hundred thousand eyes glaring at him, it might somewhat modify his preconceived opinions on the subject. He enlarges, moreover, on the advantages of hanging over transportation or imprisonment in a manner which should commend itself to any convict of taste and discretion. In short, he throws such a mantle of fine words over the somewhat matter-of-fact business of breaking a man's neck, that it actually seems to rise into the ideal, and to be surrounded with a misty halo of glory. Perhaps he may succeed in bringing the gallows into fashion among his numerous admirers; and who knows but the Lake school of poets may give place to the Gallows school? Perhaps he may do what a celebrated gentleman of Boston suggested, some years ago, as probable, for other reasons. He was dining in company with Governor Everett, and with the rest of the party was urging him to have Russell and Crockett (the incendiaries) hanged. The Governor suggested the various reasons which had been offered for a commutation of punishment— among them, that one execution generally produced others. 'Ah! yes,' replied our gentleman with diabolical glee, 'there is great danger of creating a taste to be hanged.' But, to be serious. There is one aspect of this preposterous sonnetteering which is favorable to humanity. It shows, at least, that enough general interest in the subject has been excited in Great Britain to make it seem important to Mr. Wordsworth, or his employers, to make this demonstration in favor of the old constitutional remedy. Thirty years ago, Words-worth would never have thought of setting his muse about such sanguinary work. The revolution which has been going on in the public mind of England, for a generation past, we may be assured will not go backwards. It cannot be materially stayed, even by the great name of Wordsworth. Men will not be rhymed, or preached, out of common humanity forever; but they will at last, and soon, too, perceive, that the strangling of a man cannot be a beneficial operation to any of the parties concerned; and not all the poets or preachers in the world will persuade them that either religion, or morality, or the public good will be compromised by its abolition.— E.Q. But, to be serious. There is one aspect of this preposterous sonnetteering which is favorable to humanity. It shows, at least, that enough general interest in the subject has been excited in Great Britain to make it seem important to Mr. Wordsworth, or his employers, to make this demonstration in favor of the old constitutional remedy. Thirty years ago, Words-worth would never have thought of setting his muse about such sanguinary work. The revolution which has been going on in the public mind of England, for a generation past, we may be assured will not go backwards. It cannot be materially stayed, even by the great name of Wordsworth. Men will not be rhymed, or preached, out of common humanity forever; but they will at last, and soon, too, perceive, that the strangling of a man cannot be a beneficial operation to any of the parties concerned; and not all the poets or preachers in the world will persuade them that either religion, or morality, or the public good will be compromised by its abolition.— E.Q. 

 There's a grim one-horse in a jolly round trot;To the churchyard a paper is going, I wot.The road it is rough, and the hearse has no springs,And hark to the dirge that the sad driver sings:'Rattle his bones over the atones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!' There's a grim one-horse in a jolly round trot;To the churchyard a paper is going, I wot.The road it is rough, and the hearse has no springs,And hark to the dirge that the sad driver sings:'Rattle his bones over the atones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!'      Oh, where are the mourners? Alas! there are none!He has left not a gap in the world, now he's gone—Not a tear in the eye of child, woman or man!To the grave with his carcase as fast as you can. Oh, where are the mourners? Alas! there are none!He has left not a gap in the world, now he's gone—Not a tear in the eye of child, woman or man!To the grave with his carcase as fast as you can.    'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!' 'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!'  What a jostling and creaking, and splashing and din!The whip how it cracks! and the wheels how they spin!How the dirt, right and left, o'er the hedges is hurl'd!The pauper at length makes a noise in the world!'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!' What a jostling and creaking, and splashing and din!The whip how it cracks! and the wheels how they spin!How the dirt, right and left, o'er the hedges is hurl'd!The pauper at length makes a noise in the world!'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!'      Poor pauper defunct! he has made some approachTo gentility, now that he's stretch'd in a coach!He's taking a drive in his carriage at last;But it will not be long, if he goes on so fast.'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns! Poor pauper defunct! he has made some approachTo gentility, now that he's stretch'd in a coach!He's taking a drive in his carriage at last;But it will not be long, if he goes on so fast.'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!      You bumpkins! who stars at your brother convey'd,Behold what respect to a cloddy is paid;And be joyful to think, when by death you're laid low,You've a chance to the grave like a gemman to go.'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!' You bumpkins! who stars at your brother convey'd,Behold what respect to a cloddy is paid;And be joyful to think, when by death you're laid low,You've a chance to the grave like a gemman to go.'Rattle his bones over the stones—He's only a pauper, whom nobody owns!'      But a trace to this strain, for my soul it is sadTo think that a heart, in humanity clad,Should make, like the brute, such a desolate end,And depart from the light without leaving a friend!Bear softly his bones over the stones—Tho' a pauper, he's one whom his Maker yet owns! But a trace to this strain, for my soul it is sadTo think that a heart, in humanity clad,Should make, like the brute, such a desolate end,And depart from the light without leaving a friend!Bear softly his bones over the stones—Tho' a pauper, he's one whom his Maker yet owns!      

 The Natchez Free Trader contains an account of a series of dreadful outrages alleged to have been perpetrated by two slaves, and the horrible fate of one of them, by being burnt to ashes— as follows: The Natchez Free Trader contains an account of a series of dreadful outrages alleged to have been perpetrated by two slaves, and the horrible fate of one of them, by being burnt to ashes— as follows: One of the murderers was caught on the 5th inst., near Union Point, on the Mississippi, the other making his escape, through not without having had several balls fired at him, and is supposed to have been wounded; though not caught, it is to be hoped that he will soon be brought to pay the penalty of his atrocious crimes. It appears that the negro boy Enoch, after being sold, ran away from his new master, and returned to Bayou de Glaize, and fell in with the boy Joseph, whom he persuaded off with a yellow girl named Margaret, known to some as having belonged to a planter on the above Bayou— that after persuading Joseph and this girl off, they armed themselves and commenced the work of destruction and death. They proceeded first to the house of Mr. Noah Harrington, on Red River, near the cut-off, whom they killed, carrying off the daughter of Mr. H. with them, whom they kept in the woods some six weeks, using her with unheard of cruelty, platting vines together and whipping her until from torture she was compelled to yield to their hellish purposes, and at other times tieing her up to a tree as a mark to shoot at. One of the murderers was caught on the 5th inst., near Union Point, on the Mississippi, the other making his escape, through not without having had several balls fired at him, and is supposed to have been wounded; though not caught, it is to be hoped that he will soon be brought to pay the penalty of his atrocious crimes. It appears that the negro boy Enoch, after being sold, ran away from his new master, and returned to Bayou de Glaize, and fell in with the boy Joseph, whom he persuaded off with a yellow girl named Margaret, known to some as having belonged to a planter on the above Bayou— that after persuading Joseph and this girl off, they armed themselves and commenced the work of destruction and death. They proceeded first to the house of Mr. Noah Harrington, on Red River, near the cut-off, whom they killed, carrying off the daughter of Mr. H. with them, whom they kept in the woods some six weeks, using her with unheard of cruelty, platting vines together and whipping her until from torture she was compelled to yield to their hellish purposes, and at other times tieing her up to a tree as a mark to shoot at. They then killed another man, whose name is not known. After committing this murder, on returning to the place where Miss H. was confined, they remarked that they had killed another hog. After this they went to the house of Mr. Todd, not far from Mr. H.'s, whom they also killed, carrying off Mrs. Todd with a small child, whom they treated also in a most brutal manner, and threatening to kill both her and the child if she should cry; and often when they were on the point of killing them all, the yellow girl would throw herself on her knees and beg their lives, saying that if they shot them, their bullets would have to pass through her body. Mrs. Todd and Mrs. Harrington both state that the yellow girl several times saved their lives. They then killed another man, whose name is not known. After committing this murder, on returning to the place where Miss H. was confined, they remarked that they had killed another hog. After this they went to the house of Mr. Todd, not far from Mr. H.'s, whom they also killed, carrying off Mrs. Todd with a small child, whom they treated also in a most brutal manner, and threatening to kill both her and the child if she should cry; and often when they were on the point of killing them all, the yellow girl would throw herself on her knees and beg their lives, saying that if they shot them, their bullets would have to pass through her body. Mrs. Todd and Mrs. Harrington both state that the yellow girl several times saved their lives. The boy Joseph, immediately after his capture, confessed that he killed both Mr. Harrington and Mr. Todd, and the other person, but stated that he had been forced to do it by Enoch, who first enticed him to run away. No white person implicated. The boy Joseph, immediately after his capture, confessed that he killed both Mr. Harrington and Mr. Todd, and the other person, but stated that he had been forced to do it by Enoch, who first enticed him to run away. No white person implicated. After this confession, it was deliberately resolved that the negro should be burned alive. The terrible scene is thus described by the Free Trader: After this confession, it was deliberately resolved that the negro should be burned alive. The terrible scene is thus described by the Free Trader: 'The body was taken and chained to a tree immediately on the bank of the Mississippi, on what is called Union Point. Faggots were then collected and piled around him, to which he appeared quite indifferent. When the work was completed, he was asked what he had to say. He then warned all to take example by him, and asked the prayers of all around; he than called for a drink of water, which was handed to him; he drank it, and said: 'Now set fire— I am ready to go in peace!' The torches were lighted and placed in the pile, which soon ignited. He watched unmoved the curling flame that grew, until it began to entwine itself around and feed upon his body: then he sent forth cries of agony painful to the ear, begging some one to blow his brains out; at the same time surging with almost superhuman strength, until the staple with which the chain was fastened to the tree (not being well secured) drew out, and he leaped from the burning pile. At that moment the sharp ringing of several rifles was heard: the body of the negro fell a corpse on the ground. He was picked up by some two or three, and again thrown into the fire and consumed— not a vestige remaining to show that such a being ever existed.' 'The body was taken and chained to a tree immediately on the bank of the Mississippi, on what is called Union Point. Faggots were then collected and piled around him, to which he appeared quite indifferent. When the work was completed, he was asked what he had to say. He then warned all to take example by him, and asked the prayers of all around; he than called for a drink of water, which was handed to him; he drank it, and said: 'Now set fire— I am ready to go in peace!' The torches were lighted and placed in the pile, which soon ignited. He watched unmoved the curling flame that grew, until it began to entwine itself around and feed upon his body: then he sent forth cries of agony painful to the ear, begging some one to blow his brains out; at the same time surging with almost superhuman strength, until the staple with which the chain was fastened to the tree (not being well secured) drew out, and he leaped from the burning pile. At that moment the sharp ringing of several rifles was heard: the body of the negro fell a corpse on the ground. He was picked up by some two or three, and again thrown into the fire and consumed— not a vestige remaining to show that such a being ever existed.' The yellow girl was taken to Natchez, in the custody of Mr. C.S. Lyman, who will deliver her up to the proper authorities at Vidalia, La. The yellow girl was taken to Natchez, in the custody of Mr. C.S. Lyman, who will deliver her up to the proper authorities at Vidalia, La. Here is the second act in this fiendish tragedy. Here is the second act in this fiendish tragedy. ANOTHER NEGRO BURNED. We learn from the clerk of the Highlander, that while wooding a short distance below the mouth of Red River, they were invited to stop a short time, and see another negro burned. They were informed that the fellow who was prepared for the exhibition was another of the gang recently mentioned as having committed enormities, and fled to the swamp— one of whom was burnt, as already published. The last fellow had killed a man, and carried off two women, one of whom he had violated; and for this they had him well chained, and the faggots ready, with a view of giving him a foretaste of his inevitable, ultimate end.— N.O. Bulletin. ANOTHER NEGRO BURNED. We learn from the clerk of the Highlander, that while wooding a short distance below the mouth of Red River, they were invited to stop a short time, and see another negro burned. They were informed that the fellow who was prepared for the exhibition was another of the gang recently mentioned as having committed enormities, and fled to the swamp— one of whom was burnt, as already published. The last fellow had killed a man, and carried off two women, one of whom he had violated; and for this they had him well chained, and the faggots ready, with a view of giving him a foretaste of his inevitable, ultimate end.— N.O. Bulletin. N.O. Bulletin. 

 Must I be left forgotten in the dust,When fate relenting lets the flowers survive'Must nature's voice to man alone unjust,Bid him, though doomed to perish, hope to live?Is it for this, fair virtue oft must striveWith disappointment, penury and pain?No! heaven's eternal spring shall yet arrive,And man's majestic beauty bloom again,Bright through the eternal year of love's triumphant reign. Must I be left forgotten in the dust,When fate relenting lets the flowers survive'Must nature's voice to man alone unjust,Bid him, though doomed to perish, hope to live?Is it for this, fair virtue oft must striveWith disappointment, penury and pain?No! heaven's eternal spring shall yet arrive,And man's majestic beauty bloom again,Bright through the eternal year of love's triumphant reign.         (BEATTIE. (BEATTIE. 

 LATEST FROM ST. DOMINGO. The schr. Orralloo, Capt. Lufkin, arrived last evening from Cape Haytien, which place she left on the 13th inst. From Mr. Andrews, the supercargo, we learn that all was quiet in the island of St. Domingo; no semblance whatever of a revolution. President Boyer had exerted himself to the utmost to protect property, and had sent from Port au Prince several cargoes of provisions for the relief of the distressed inhabitants of the town of Cape Haytian. LATEST FROM ST. DOMINGO. The schr. Orralloo, Capt. Lufkin, arrived last evening from Cape Haytien, which place she left on the 13th inst. From Mr. Andrews, the supercargo, we learn that all was quiet in the island of St. Domingo; no semblance whatever of a revolution. President Boyer had exerted himself to the utmost to protect property, and had sent from Port au Prince several cargoes of provisions for the relief of the distressed inhabitants of the town of Cape Haytian. The first four vessels which arrived after the earthquake took place, were admitted free of duty on their cargoes; subsequently, the usual duties were imposed. The first four vessels which arrived after the earthquake took place, were admitted free of duty on their cargoes; subsequently, the usual duties were imposed. Preparations were being made for re-building the town. Depredations, however, continued to be practised by the people from the country. Gen. Auba was in command, the former General having been severely wounded during the earthquake. Preparations were being made for re-building the town. Depredations, however, continued to be practised by the people from the country. Gen. Auba was in command, the former General having been severely wounded during the earthquake. The old 'Picolet,' a strong French fort, was nearly demolished. The old 'Picolet,' a strong French fort, was nearly demolished. At Port au Platt the walls of the fort, built soon after Columbus's discovery, about 350 years ago, were thrown down. At Port au Platt the walls of the fort, built soon after Columbus's discovery, about 350 years ago, were thrown down. Mr. Fearon, the principal American agent, was not killed as reported, but was wounded. No American lives lost. Mr. Fearon, the principal American agent, was not killed as reported, but was wounded. No American lives lost. 

 Extract from an Address delivered before the American Peace Society, on the fourteenth anniversary, in Boston, May 23, 1842— by Samuel E. Coues, of Portsmouth, N.H. Extract from an Address delivered before the American Peace Society, on the fourteenth anniversary, in Boston, May 23, 1842— by Samuel E. Coues, of Portsmouth, N.H. I am addressing a christian audience. Have you not chosen the Prince of Peace for your leader? Does he authorize you to fight, or to give your countenance to the fight? Will he hold you justified in destroying, for your own good, or for your country's good, the stranger of another land? There should be no strangers, not foreigners, nor aliens to the Christian. It matters not under what government a man is born, of where he dwells; he is our brother; he is under the same roof— the canopy of the sky; he is a member of the one household of God, which takes in the whole world. The church of Christ is also the church universal; it recognizes no national line as a partition wall; it takes to its bosom the Christian of every country and every clime; it embraces all who worship the true God through Jesus Christ the Saviour of the world. Ye are indeed brethren, the children of one Father. The christian warrior, then, if a Christian can be a warrior, fights with a brother, with one subject to the same laws, under the same government as he himself is. He can sit at the Lord's table, eat of the bread, emblem of his body broken for him, drink of the wine, emblem of the blood shed for the remission of sin, enjoy sweet communion with his brother; then, before the taste of the consecrated elements has passed away, drive the steel into his brother's heart, and immediately visit the widow and fatherless, lifting up the hands of the murderer in prayer for her whose husband he has slain; or lay them, yet reeking with a father's blood, upon the orphan's head! I am addressing a christian audience. Have you not chosen the Prince of Peace for your leader? Does he authorize you to fight, or to give your countenance to the fight? Will he hold you justified in destroying, for your own good, or for your country's good, the stranger of another land? There should be no strangers, not foreigners, nor aliens to the Christian. It matters not under what government a man is born, of where he dwells; he is our brother; he is under the same roof— the canopy of the sky; he is a member of the one household of God, which takes in the whole world. The church of Christ is also the church universal; it recognizes no national line as a partition wall; it takes to its bosom the Christian of every country and every clime; it embraces all who worship the true God through Jesus Christ the Saviour of the world. Ye are indeed brethren, the children of one Father. The christian warrior, then, if a Christian can be a warrior, fights with a brother, with one subject to the same laws, under the same government as he himself is. He can sit at the Lord's table, eat of the bread, emblem of his body broken for him, drink of the wine, emblem of the blood shed for the remission of sin, enjoy sweet communion with his brother; then, before the taste of the consecrated elements has passed away, drive the steel into his brother's heart, and immediately visit the widow and fatherless, lifting up the hands of the murderer in prayer for her whose husband he has slain; or lay them, yet reeking with a father's blood, upon the orphan's head! Such it is in effect, for a Christian to fight; as such must it appear to the eye of God. We separate the anthem of praise from the shout of victory; the prayer, Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us, from the noise of battle; the worship of the Prince of Peace, and the garments rolled in blood, strike not our minds at once. Yet to our Father in heaven, to whom time and distance are nothing, who seeth the end from the beginning, before whom the whole life is spread out, these things are blended together. Such it is in effect, for a Christian to fight; as such must it appear to the eye of God. We separate the anthem of praise from the shout of victory; the prayer, Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us, from the noise of battle; the worship of the Prince of Peace, and the garments rolled in blood, strike not our minds at once. Yet to our Father in heaven, to whom time and distance are nothing, who seeth the end from the beginning, before whom the whole life is spread out, these things are blended together. War is either right, or it is wrong. It is either permitted or forbidden. It may be waged 'with all our hearts, with all our souls, with all our minds, with all our strength, or it must be abandoned by the Christian. There is no middle ground, no halfway position. Either the blessing of God can rest on the battle-field, or we must come up to the rescue of our faith from this pollution of blood. There is, we repeat it, no half-way vindication of national war; it is to be baptized of Christianity, adopted of her; it accords with her character; or it must be opposed by every one bearing the name of Christ. War is either right, or it is wrong. It is either permitted or forbidden. It may be waged 'with all our hearts, with all our souls, with all our minds, with all our strength, or it must be abandoned by the Christian. There is no middle ground, no halfway position. Either the blessing of God can rest on the battle-field, or we must come up to the rescue of our faith from this pollution of blood. There is, we repeat it, no half-way vindication of national war; it is to be baptized of Christianity, adopted of her; it accords with her character; or it must be opposed by every one bearing the name of Christ. The sword, the very instrument of destruction, the protection of a nation! A sure protection! A sure protection, indeed, when the pointing it towards others invariably brings its point to our own bosom! The sword the only arbiter of justice! A righteous judge, indeed, for it is used equally by both contending parties. The sword our only sure defence against the selfish and violent, when the selfish and violent wield it with equal strength with ourselves! Do we not forget, too, that the sword should be taken from our hands for this very reason— the safety of others? that we should be disarmed that others may live in peace? It is no more safe in our hands, than in the hands of other nations. We wield it with no more wisdom than they. We are not one whit less selfish— less belligerent, than they. The very legislators who are to decide the question of its use, cannot assemble without brawls, and fightings, and bloodshed, in the very capitol. The sword, the very instrument of destruction, the protection of a nation! A sure protection! A sure protection, indeed, when the pointing it towards others invariably brings its point to our own bosom! The sword the only arbiter of justice! A righteous judge, indeed, for it is used equally by both contending parties. The sword our only sure defence against the selfish and violent, when the selfish and violent wield it with equal strength with ourselves! Do we not forget, too, that the sword should be taken from our hands for this very reason— the safety of others? that we should be disarmed that others may live in peace? It is no more safe in our hands, than in the hands of other nations. We wield it with no more wisdom than they. We are not one whit less selfish— less belligerent, than they. The very legislators who are to decide the question of its use, cannot assemble without brawls, and fightings, and bloodshed, in the very capitol. Will you say that it is the fear of war which restrains the nations from mutual injury, that if other nations did not dread our declaration of war, they would encroach upon us, injure our country, and despoil the land,— that we are safe only as our enemies dread our attack,— that it is the sword in the scabbard ready for use which gives our nation its safety,— that the threatening attitude, the preparation for war in peace is our national shield? Why, it is the sword in the scabbard, it is the threatening attitude, the preparation for conflict, which creates the danger. This reliance on the sword to the evil against which we contend. In proportion to this reliance is the danger. Nations confronting each other with their armaments are never safe. The veriest accidents tend to embroil them in war. Those nations which have been most prepared for war, have invariably suffered the most from war, verifying the words of our Saviour, 'They that take the sword shall perish by the sword.' Will you say that it is the fear of war which restrains the nations from mutual injury, that if other nations did not dread our declaration of war, they would encroach upon us, injure our country, and despoil the land,— that we are safe only as our enemies dread our attack,— that it is the sword in the scabbard ready for use which gives our nation its safety,— that the threatening attitude, the preparation for war in peace is our national shield? Why, it is the sword in the scabbard, it is the threatening attitude, the preparation for conflict, which creates the danger. This reliance on the sword to the evil against which we contend. In proportion to this reliance is the danger. Nations confronting each other with their armaments are never safe. The veriest accidents tend to embroil them in war. Those nations which have been most prepared for war, have invariably suffered the most from war, verifying the words of our Saviour, 'They that take the sword shall perish by the sword.' Some years since, in one of our southern States, the practice of carrying concealed weapons became common among the people. No one supposed he was safe, unless he had about him the pistol or the bowie-knife— the instruments of death to others, and of defence and safety to himself. The result was, continual bloodshed. No man's life was safe. Murder became so prevalent as to excite the attention of the legislature. They passed a law, punishing him who carried these weapons on his person. The legislature thus took away the means of defence— as they were termed— and the effusion of blood was stopped. Some years since, in one of our southern States, the practice of carrying concealed weapons became common among the people. No one supposed he was safe, unless he had about him the pistol or the bowie-knife— the instruments of death to others, and of defence and safety to himself. The result was, continual bloodshed. No man's life was safe. Murder became so prevalent as to excite the attention of the legislature. They passed a law, punishing him who carried these weapons on his person. The legislature thus took away the means of defence— as they were termed— and the effusion of blood was stopped. It is so with the nations. There has been continual warfare. The world has never been at peace. Christianity, the lawgiver of the world, would open the path to peace and safety by the disarming of the nations. She would stop the effusion of blood by throwing away the sword. But, alas! men have not confidence in her teachings. They fear to obey her laws. They cling to the instruments of death as the means of safety, and they have dearly paid the penalty of disobedience. It is so with the nations. There has been continual warfare. The world has never been at peace. Christianity, the lawgiver of the world, would open the path to peace and safety by the disarming of the nations. She would stop the effusion of blood by throwing away the sword. But, alas! men have not confidence in her teachings. They fear to obey her laws. They cling to the instruments of death as the means of safety, and they have dearly paid the penalty of disobedience. What has the sword done for us as a nation? What for our freedom? For very many years, say one-seventh of the time, we have groaned under the harsh despotism of war— the very worst of despotisms. One-sixth of our whole population are abject slaves; nor have Americans emancipated themselves from the fear of the sword, from faction and riot, from turbulence, and popular commotion. They have never risen up to the liberty of the children of God. What has the sword done for us as a nation? What for our freedom? For very many years, say one-seventh of the time, we have groaned under the harsh despotism of war— the very worst of despotisms. One-sixth of our whole population are abject slaves; nor have Americans emancipated themselves from the fear of the sword, from faction and riot, from turbulence, and popular commotion. They have never risen up to the liberty of the children of God. What has the sword done for the protection of property in this nation? We have squandered in war, more than eight hundred millions of dollars. Add to this the loss of the productive labor of the fighting men, the idleness and waste of time, the captured property, the breaking up of commerce, and it sounds like irony to speak of the preservation of property by the very process which of itself annihilates the greater part of the nation's property, and destroys the morals and industry on which only can national wealth be founded. What has the sword done for the protection of property in this nation? We have squandered in war, more than eight hundred millions of dollars. Add to this the loss of the productive labor of the fighting men, the idleness and waste of time, the captured property, the breaking up of commerce, and it sounds like irony to speak of the preservation of property by the very process which of itself annihilates the greater part of the nation's property, and destroys the morals and industry on which only can national wealth be founded. What has the sword done for the preservation of life to this nation? Estimate the number of the slain in the Indian wars, in the French war, in the war of the revolution, in the last war with England,— bring to mind the number of those who perished on the sea and on the land, upon our lakes and our rivers, on our northern frontier, and on our southern boundary, on the long Atlantic coast, in the western wilderness, in the heart of the country, and all over its broad surface;— add to these the victims of the prison-ships, and of the hospitals,— those who died from hunger and cold, from hardship and exposure, from wounds and mutilations, from the vices and pollutions of the camp. Bring all these corpses together before the mind, as if the countless multitude lay on some vast plain; look steadfastly for a moment on this sea of the dead; survey this mass of mutilated, of crushed, of trampled bodies— the results of your national wars— and then speak to me, if you can, of the protection of life by the sword! What has the sword done for the preservation of life to this nation? Estimate the number of the slain in the Indian wars, in the French war, in the war of the revolution, in the last war with England,— bring to mind the number of those who perished on the sea and on the land, upon our lakes and our rivers, on our northern frontier, and on our southern boundary, on the long Atlantic coast, in the western wilderness, in the heart of the country, and all over its broad surface;— add to these the victims of the prison-ships, and of the hospitals,— those who died from hunger and cold, from hardship and exposure, from wounds and mutilations, from the vices and pollutions of the camp. Bring all these corpses together before the mind, as if the countless multitude lay on some vast plain; look steadfastly for a moment on this sea of the dead; survey this mass of mutilated, of crushed, of trampled bodies— the results of your national wars— and then speak to me, if you can, of the protection of life by the sword! But look! there is another sea of the dead— another multitude of witnesses, countless as the leaves of the forest, which speak against us— the collected corpses of those whom Americans have slain. Each of these, too, was a man, a brother, a child of God, whose very hairs were numbered. And though they have all passed away for ever from the earth, though their names are forgotten, each one now liveth and standeth before God, as a witness of the desolation and ruin, of the torture and misery which arise from the abandonment of the principles of the Prince of Peace. But further; what is the life of the body, compared with the life of the soul? What is the pain of a violent death, compared with the agony of unrepented sin? Each one of these murdered millions stands before the judgment seat! Is the army the school of Christ? Do men's souls go up to heaven pure and undefiled, from the pollutions of the camp? Are they taught to love God whom they have not seen, while engaged in destroying their brethren whom they have seen? Can they join harmoniously in the praise of God as redeemed spirits, who have left their bodies linked together on earth in the death-grapple? But look! there is another sea of the dead— another multitude of witnesses, countless as the leaves of the forest, which speak against us— the collected corpses of those whom Americans have slain. Each of these, too, was a man, a brother, a child of God, whose very hairs were numbered. And though they have all passed away for ever from the earth, though their names are forgotten, each one now liveth and standeth before God, as a witness of the desolation and ruin, of the torture and misery which arise from the abandonment of the principles of the Prince of Peace. But further; what is the life of the body, compared with the life of the soul? What is the pain of a violent death, compared with the agony of unrepented sin? Each one of these murdered millions stands before the judgment seat! Is the army the school of Christ? Do men's souls go up to heaven pure and undefiled, from the pollutions of the camp? Are they taught to love God whom they have not seen, while engaged in destroying their brethren whom they have seen? Can they join harmoniously in the praise of God as redeemed spirits, who have left their bodies linked together on earth in the death-grapple? And can all this have been without a load of crime, fastening not indeed on the soldier,— the mere instrument of war, often as little accountable as the sword he uses,— but resting somewhere— on some souls? We cannot trace out the guilty ones. God can, and to him the blood of our murdered brethren cries out from the ground! O, there is a vast weight of guilt attaching some where, for this horrid butchery! Let us each see to it that for the time to come, we clear our skirts of our brother's blood. Let him beware, who justifies murder, whenever it is said over the death struggle, 'It is done for the country's good.' And can all this have been without a load of crime, fastening not indeed on the soldier,— the mere instrument of war, often as little accountable as the sword he uses,— but resting somewhere— on some souls? We cannot trace out the guilty ones. God can, and to him the blood of our murdered brethren cries out from the ground! O, there is a vast weight of guilt attaching some where, for this horrid butchery! Let us each see to it that for the time to come, we clear our skirts of our brother's blood. Let him beware, who justifies murder, whenever it is said over the death struggle, 'It is done for the country's good.' Defence of our country— of our friends— of our families— of our brethren! Truly, this is a christian duty; and we call upon all to discharge this duty by opposing the spirit of war,— by spreading the peaceful doctrines of Him who spake as never man spake. That men may lead quiet and peaceful lives in their happy homes, are we associated together in the cause of Peace. It is for this that we would disarm the nations, that we would imbue men once again with their natural repugnance to the shedding of blood, which the war spirit has overcome. It is for this we would re-create in the hearts of men a reverence for life, the gift of God, which the frequent battle has destroyed. It is for this— the general safety, that we ask men to lay down their arms, strip themselves of the gaudy trappings of the soldier, give up their proud, boastful, self-confident bearing, clothe themselves in the garb of humility, assume the child-like, heavenly frame of mind, speaking in the kindness of the eye, lighting up the countenance with the smile of benevolence, causing the words of kindness to flow from the lips. Then war no more shall desolate the earth, for there will be faith in Jesus. The sun of righteousness, shining upon the world's true interest, shall form the bow of promise across the arch of heaven, as the sign of the safety of the nations, and of the peace of the world. The world in peace! an object worthy of God manifested in the flesh! Defence of our country— of our friends— of our families— of our brethren! Truly, this is a christian duty; and we call upon all to discharge this duty by opposing the spirit of war,— by spreading the peaceful doctrines of Him who spake as never man spake. That men may lead quiet and peaceful lives in their happy homes, are we associated together in the cause of Peace. It is for this that we would disarm the nations, that we would imbue men once again with their natural repugnance to the shedding of blood, which the war spirit has overcome. It is for this we would re-create in the hearts of men a reverence for life, the gift of God, which the frequent battle has destroyed. It is for this— the general safety, that we ask men to lay down their arms, strip themselves of the gaudy trappings of the soldier, give up their proud, boastful, self-confident bearing, clothe themselves in the garb of humility, assume the child-like, heavenly frame of mind, speaking in the kindness of the eye, lighting up the countenance with the smile of benevolence, causing the words of kindness to flow from the lips. Then war no more shall desolate the earth, for there will be faith in Jesus. The sun of righteousness, shining upon the world's true interest, shall form the bow of promise across the arch of heaven, as the sign of the safety of the nations, and of the peace of the world. The world in peace! an object worthy of God manifested in the flesh! 

 LATE FROM MEXICO. By the British mail steamer Teviot, from Vera Cruz, we have received files of the Very Cruz Censor up to the 6th inst., and the Diaria del Gobierno of Mexico to the 1st. LATE FROM MEXICO. By the British mail steamer Teviot, from Vera Cruz, we have received files of the Very Cruz Censor up to the 6th inst., and the Diaria del Gobierno of Mexico to the 1st. Our correspondent informs us that a Spanish frigate and brig of war are now lying at Sacrificios, and that the Spanish government will not recognize the Texian blockade on any account. An English man of war was lying at Sacrificios. Our correspondent informs us that a Spanish frigate and brig of war are now lying at Sacrificios, and that the Spanish government will not recognize the Texian blockade on any account. An English man of war was lying at Sacrificios. Bocanegra, the Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs, addressed a letter to the Hon. Daniel Webster, Secretary of State of the United States, under date of May 31st, in which he remonstrates, in the name of his government, against the favor shown to citizens of this country who volunteered to assist the Texans, and complains bitterly of the inaction of the American government in this matter. Such conduct, he asserts, in contrary to the most sacred rights guaranteed by the law of nations. Bocanegra, the Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs, addressed a letter to the Hon. Daniel Webster, Secretary of State of the United States, under date of May 31st, in which he remonstrates, in the name of his government, against the favor shown to citizens of this country who volunteered to assist the Texans, and complains bitterly of the inaction of the American government in this matter. Such conduct, he asserts, in contrary to the most sacred rights guaranteed by the law of nations. He concludes by hoping that amicable relations may continue to be preserved between the two nations whom nature has destined to rule this vast and fertile continent. He concludes by hoping that amicable relations may continue to be preserved between the two nations whom nature has destined to rule this vast and fertile continent. Gen. Navarete died at the fortress of San Juan de Ulloa on the 3d of June, and was interred with military honors. He was the commander of that post. Gen. Navarete died at the fortress of San Juan de Ulloa on the 3d of June, and was interred with military honors. He was the commander of that post. 

 INDIAN WARS. Recent advices have been received by the War Department at Washington, furnishing ground for serious apprehension that an Indian outbreak will occur near Council Bluffs, and that the Sioux will be engaged in a conflict with that portion of the Ottawas, Chippewas, and Pottawotamies living in that vicinity. Rumors to this same effect some time since induced the Secretary of War to order a company of dragoons to Council Bluffs, to protect the Indians in that vicinity, and to prevent the apprehended outbreak. The communications now received give the matter a more determined aspect than it heretofore wore. The Ottawas, Chippewas, and Pottawotamies, have written a letter, under date of the 7th of May, to the Delawares, inviting them to unite in resisting the Sioux. The latter the letter represents to be assembled, preparatory to a hostile irruption into the country of the united band, and that they have sent runners among the Sioux villages on the St. Peter's for reinforcements, so as to be in strength sufficient to insure success. The Ottawas, Chippewas, and Pottawotamies, inform the Delawares that they have 150 men on the borders of their land on the look-out for the Sioux, and call for assistance in the vigorous defence they intend to make. This letter was handed by a Delaware to the commanding officer at Fort Leavenworth, and sent by him to the Indian agent who has charge of the Delawares, through whom it reached the Indian office. Strong hopes are entertained that a meeting of the hostile parties will be prevented. But the Sioux are turbulent, restless, and delight in war. The Madisonian says that in this instance measures have been taken which, it is hoped, will effect the desired object. INDIAN WARS. Recent advices have been received by the War Department at Washington, furnishing ground for serious apprehension that an Indian outbreak will occur near Council Bluffs, and that the Sioux will be engaged in a conflict with that portion of the Ottawas, Chippewas, and Pottawotamies living in that vicinity. Rumors to this same effect some time since induced the Secretary of War to order a company of dragoons to Council Bluffs, to protect the Indians in that vicinity, and to prevent the apprehended outbreak. The communications now received give the matter a more determined aspect than it heretofore wore. The Ottawas, Chippewas, and Pottawotamies, have written a letter, under date of the 7th of May, to the Delawares, inviting them to unite in resisting the Sioux. The latter the letter represents to be assembled, preparatory to a hostile irruption into the country of the united band, and that they have sent runners among the Sioux villages on the St. Peter's for reinforcements, so as to be in strength sufficient to insure success. The Ottawas, Chippewas, and Pottawotamies, inform the Delawares that they have 150 men on the borders of their land on the look-out for the Sioux, and call for assistance in the vigorous defence they intend to make. This letter was handed by a Delaware to the commanding officer at Fort Leavenworth, and sent by him to the Indian agent who has charge of the Delawares, through whom it reached the Indian office. Strong hopes are entertained that a meeting of the hostile parties will be prevented. But the Sioux are turbulent, restless, and delight in war. The Madisonian says that in this instance measures have been taken which, it is hoped, will effect the desired object. 

 The Amistad Africans.— By the brig Wasp, Leavitt, 44 days from Sierra Leone, intelligence has been received from the missionaries who accompanied the liberated Africans to their native land, to April 20th. Rev. Wm. Raymond, with his wife and child, continued in good health; but Rev. James Steele had been dangerously sick with the fever. The Amistad Africans. The Amistad Africans. — By the brig Wasp, Leavitt, 44 days from Sierra Leone, intelligence has been received from the missionaries who accompanied the liberated Africans to their native land, to April 20th. Rev. Wm. Raymond, with his wife and child, continued in good health; but Rev. James Steele had been dangerously sick with the fever. Mr. Steele had returned from his exploring visit down the coast, with Cinque and a few of the other Mendians— after an absence of twenty days— and found no location where they could advantageously establish the mission. Soon after his return he had a violent fever, which continued about three weeks. By the last accounts he was convalescing, but his physician had advised him to return, for some months, to the United States, before the rainy season should commence, to recruit his health. Mr. Raymond has taken a farm at York, near Sierra Leone, where part of the Mendians are occupied with study and agriculture. A full account of Mr. Steele's exploring excursion— the meeting of some of the Mendians with their relatives— the conduct of the Mendians, &c., will be published in a few days. Mr. Steele had returned from his exploring visit down the coast, with Cinque and a few of the other Mendians— after an absence of twenty days— and found no location where they could advantageously establish the mission. Soon after his return he had a violent fever, which continued about three weeks. By the last accounts he was convalescing, but his physician had advised him to return, for some months, to the United States, before the rainy season should commence, to recruit his health. Mr. Raymond has taken a farm at York, near Sierra Leone, where part of the Mendians are occupied with study and agriculture. A full account of Mr. Steele's exploring excursion— the meeting of some of the Mendians with their relatives— the conduct of the Mendians, &c., will be published in a few days. 

 ANECDOTE. A freshet in Georgia swept away many mills, among them, one of great value. The owner sent three miles for a skilful slave carpenter to come and see what could be done to repair the damage. On his way, the carpenter must pass another plantation. The owner called for his pass. He presented it. The planter read that the slave was permitted to be absent one day. He went on, but was detained so that he could not return the same day. On the day following, when he went back, the planter set on his five hounds upon the carpenter. He stepped back against a Virginia fence, seized a stake, and mowed down the dogs. Their yelpings called the pack of a hunter to their aid. The slave, seeing nine dogs against him, jumped on the fence, and continued to sweep them down. The man aimed his musket at him, and told him to get down, or he would fetch him down. Thus threatened, he descended. The dogs stripped him naked, and left him covered with blood. The slaveholder, in speaking of it, said it would have ruined the dogs if they had been beaten by the negro, and he would rather sacrifice the negro, than have his hounds spoiled. That slaveholder was a member of a christian church, and the slave belonged to the same! Letters from that church are good with us, if we have not taken action against slavery. ANECDOTE. A freshet in Georgia swept away many mills, among them, one of great value. The owner sent three miles for a skilful slave carpenter to come and see what could be done to repair the damage. On his way, the carpenter must pass another plantation. The owner called for his pass. He presented it. The planter read that the slave was permitted to be absent one day. He went on, but was detained so that he could not return the same day. On the day following, when he went back, the planter set on his five hounds upon the carpenter. He stepped back against a Virginia fence, seized a stake, and mowed down the dogs. Their yelpings called the pack of a hunter to their aid. The slave, seeing nine dogs against him, jumped on the fence, and continued to sweep them down. The man aimed his musket at him, and told him to get down, or he would fetch him down. Thus threatened, he descended. The dogs stripped him naked, and left him covered with blood. The slaveholder, in speaking of it, said it would have ruined the dogs if they had been beaten by the negro, and he would rather sacrifice the negro, than have his hounds spoiled. That slaveholder was a member of a christian church, and the slave belonged to the same! Letters from that church are good with us, if we have not taken action against slavery. 

 Murder.— We learn by a gentleman direct from Pine Bluffs, that on Thursday last, the 10th instant, Paul Vaugine deliberately shot two men, T.B. Tillery and Wm. M. Potts, with a double-barrelled gun. The circumstances, as related to us, are, that Tillery and Potts claimed a certain parcel of lumber in possession of Vaugine, and Vaugine had threatened to kill them if they removed it. One of them did remove a portion of the lumber, but on seeing the other, concluded to remove no more of it till they had a lawful right so to do. Shortly after, Vaugine met them, and without saying a word, shot Potts through the side. Tillery ran behind a pile of lumber, but Vaugine went around on the other side, and discharged the contents of the other barrel at him, killing him instantly. Potts lived a few hours. Vaugine immediately crossed the river, where he had a horse, and fled to the woods.— Little Rock, (Ark.) Times, May 23. Murder. Murder. — We learn by a gentleman direct from Pine Bluffs, that on Thursday last, the 10th instant, Paul Vaugine deliberately shot two men, T.B. Tillery and Wm. M. Potts, with a double-barrelled gun. The circumstances, as related to us, are, that Tillery and Potts claimed a certain parcel of lumber in possession of Vaugine, and Vaugine had threatened to kill them if they removed it. One of them did remove a portion of the lumber, but on seeing the other, concluded to remove no more of it till they had a lawful right so to do. Shortly after, Vaugine met them, and without saying a word, shot Potts through the side. Tillery ran behind a pile of lumber, but Vaugine went around on the other side, and discharged the contents of the other barrel at him, killing him instantly. Potts lived a few hours. Vaugine immediately crossed the river, where he had a horse, and fled to the woods.— Little Rock, (Ark.) Times, May Little Rock, (Ark.) Times, May 23. 

 Died, very suddenly, at the bank of Washington, during the night of the 30th, or early on the morning of 31st May, William Costin, free colored man, aged 62 years. The deceased filled the situation of porter to the bank during the long period of twenty-four years, and his service therein was characterized by the most unflinching integrity, and remarkable punctuality in the performance of his various duties. Possessing the unlimited confidence of the President, directors, and officers of the bank, millions of money were allowed to pass through the hands of the deceased; and in no one instance, as we are authorized to say, was there discovered the slightest defalcation. As a mark of their esteem for the long and faithful services of William Costin, the board of bank directors yesterday unanimously passed a resolution expressive of the respect for his memory, and appropriating fifty dollars for the benefit of his family. But it was not only by the bank directors, and those in whose service William Costin was engaged during the long period above mentioned, that his undeviating honesty and correct deportment were appreciated; the citizens of Washington generally bear testimony to his excellent qualities. His death was awfully sudden. He was found dead on his bed early yesterday morning, and a coroner's jury was summoned, and returned as their verdict, that 'William Costin died suddenly by the visitation of God.' It is due to the deceased to say that his colored skin covered a benevolent heart. To use the language of an esteemed citizen, 'The deceased raised respectably a large family of children of his own; and, in the exercise of the purest benevolence, took into his family and supported four orphan children.' The tears of the orphan will moisten his grave, and his memory will be dear to all those (a numerous class,) who have experienced his kindness. Died, very suddenly, at the bank of Washington, during the night of the 30th, or early on the morning of 31st May, William Costin, free colored man, aged 62 years. The deceased filled the situation of porter to the bank during the long period of twenty-four years, and his service therein was characterized by the most unflinching integrity, and remarkable punctuality in the performance of his various duties. Possessing the unlimited confidence of the President, directors, and officers of the bank, millions of money were allowed to pass through the hands of the deceased; and in no one instance, as we are authorized to say, was there discovered the slightest defalcation. As a mark of their esteem for the long and faithful services of William Costin, the board of bank directors yesterday unanimously passed a resolution expressive of the respect for his memory, and appropriating fifty dollars for the benefit of his family. But it was not only by the bank directors, and those in whose service William Costin was engaged during the long period above mentioned, that his undeviating honesty and correct deportment were appreciated; the citizens of Washington generally bear testimony to his excellent qualities. His death was awfully sudden. He was found dead on his bed early yesterday morning, and a coroner's jury was summoned, and returned as their verdict, that 'William Costin died suddenly by the visitation of God.' It is due to the deceased to say that his colored skin covered a benevolent heart. To use the language of an esteemed citizen, 'The deceased raised respectably a large family of children of his own; and, in the exercise of the purest benevolence, took into his family and supported four orphan children.' The tears of the orphan will moisten his grave, and his memory will be dear to all those (a numerous class,) who have experienced his kindness. 'Honor and shame from no condition rise,Act well your part, there all the honor lies.' 'Honor and shame from no condition no condition rise,Act well your part, there all the honor lies.'  (Nat. Intelligencer, June 1. (Nat. Intelligencer, June 1. I send you the above obituary notice, lest it might have escaped your eye, and for the purpose of saying that the funeral of the individual was attended by a large number of persons, both white and black, in carriages and on horseback, consisting of, in part, some of the most respectable inhabitants of the city, among whom I observed Mr. Key, the former district attorney. There were over sixty carriages in the procession. The attention and respect paid to the remains of the deceased, did as much honor to the living, as to the memory of the dead. Some of the ex-bank officers in the United States may read the above obituary with envy.— (Washington Correspondent Eve. Mer. Jour. I send you the above obituary notice, lest it might have escaped your eye, and for the purpose of saying that the funeral of the individual was attended by a large number of persons, both white and black, in carriages and on horseback, consisting of, in part, some of the most respectable inhabitants of the city, among whom I observed Mr. Key, the former district attorney. There were over sixty carriages in the procession. The attention and respect paid to the remains of the deceased, did as much honor to the living, as to the memory of the dead. Some of the ex-bank officers in the United States may read the above obituary with envy.— ( Washington Correspondent Eve. Mer. Jour. Washington Correspondent Eve. Mer. Jour. 

 Deliberate Murder.— One of the most deliberate murders we have almost ever read of, is narrated by the Sentinel, published at Edenton, North Carolina. A poor white woman, named Fanny Garrett, wife of Stephen Garrett, living near Jamestown, Martin county, N.C., went on the first instant to the orchard of a man named William Watson, who lived in her neighborhood, and was in the act of picking up a few plums, when she was discovered by Watson, who very deliberately left his work, went to the house and get his gun, walked back towards her until near enough to shoot, took deliberate aim, and shot the poor inoffensive woman dead on the spot, and left her weltering in blood. Watson is about 65 years of age. He alleges that the woman had conjured him. He was arrested and imprisoned for trial. Deliberate Murder. Deliberate Murder. — One of the most deliberate murders we have almost ever read of, is narrated by the Sentinel, published at Edenton, North Carolina. A poor white woman, named Fanny Garrett, wife of Stephen Garrett, living near Jamestown, Martin county, N.C., went on the first instant to the orchard of a man named William Watson, who lived in her neighborhood, and was in the act of picking up a few plums, when she was discovered by Watson, who very deliberately left his work, went to the house and get his gun, walked back towards her until near enough to shoot, took deliberate aim, and shot the poor inoffensive woman dead on the spot, and left her weltering in blood. Watson is about 65 years of age. He alleges that the woman had conjured conjured him. He was arrested and imprisoned for trial. 

 To the Editor of the London Sun: To the Editor of the London Sun: To the Editor of the London Sun: SIR:— We think it may be of interest for you to have the following particulars of the fire; it appears now that the following is the rectified statement. Burnt down: SIR:— We think it may be of interest for you to have the following particulars of the fire; it appears now that the following is the rectified statement. Burnt down: 61 Streets. 61 Streets. 120 Courts, 120 Courts, 1992 House, and 1992 House, and 1716 Dwelling floors (Etages, Sahle). 1716 Dwelling floors (Etages, Sahle). 498 Cottages. 498 Cottages. 468 Dwelling cellars. 468 Dwelling cellars. 21,526 Inhabitants roofless. 21,526 Inhabitants roofless. 3 Churches. 3 Churches. 2 Synagogues. 2 Synagogues. 3 Watermills, with 36 waelves. 3 Watermills, with 36 waelves. The spinnhaus and zuchthaus, with their churches, (houses of correction) The spinnhaus and zuchthaus, with their churches, (houses of correction) The Detentions house. The Detentions house. The Senate house. The Senate house. The Old Exchange. N.B. The New Exchange, only built last year, is saved, and, after a few days repairing, in use again. The Old Exchange. N.B. The New Exchange, only built last year, is saved, and, after a few days repairing, in use again. The Eimbeck House, containing Court of Commerce, Court of Common Pleas, with offices; the Custom-Houses office, the Stamp offices, the Lottery saloon, the Citizen Guard offices, and other public offices. The Eimbeck House, containing Court of Commerce, Court of Common Pleas, with offices; the Custom-Houses office, the Stamp offices, the Lottery saloon, the Citizen Guard offices, and other public offices. The Bank. The Bank. A great many, and all of the largest hotels, and all the libraries. A great many, and all of the largest hotels, and all the libraries. 3,786,300 square feet is the superficial extent of the burnt portion of the city. 3,786,300 square feet is the superficial extent of the burnt portion of the city. Respectfully, Sir, your most ob't servants Respectfully, Sir, your most ob't servants ABRAHAM BAUER, & Co. ABRAHAM BAUER, & Co. Hamburgh, May 18, 1842. Hamburgh, May 18, 1842. 

 Murder of B.F. Stockton.— We regret to learn that this gentleman, so well known in this State, formerly as the able editor of the Port Gibson Correspondent, has been recently killed on his plantation, in Texas, by a connexion, we hear, named Thatcher. Some words passed between the parties, Stockton sitting on the fence, when Thatcher suddenly shot him, the charge passing through his thigh; Stockton fell, and while on the ground, and in the act of raising his gun, he received the contents of Thatcher's second barrel in his breast, and expired.— Natchez Courier. Murder of B.F. Stockton. Murder of B.F. Stockton. — We regret to learn that this gentleman, so well known in this State, formerly as the able editor of the Port Gibson Correspondent, has been recently killed on his plantation, in Texas, by a connexion, we hear, named Thatcher. Some words passed between the parties, Stockton sitting on the fence, when Thatcher suddenly shot him, the charge passing through his thigh; Stockton fell, and while on the ground, and in the act of raising his gun, he received the contents of Thatcher's second barrel in his breast, and expired.— Natchez Courier. Natchez Courier. 

 The Mercantile Journal gives a sad account of the Prison at Lechmere Point, Cambridge. It says: 'The prison is small, containing but a few apartments, and, in addition to the persons accused of crimes who are usually confined there— are twenty-two insane individuals, some of whom are furious maniacs, and others are verging to idiocy. These unfortunate beings occupy apartments which should be devoted to other purposes; this, of course, much abridges the accommodations, and causes an unpleasant state of things to exist in the prison, which no circumstances could produce, and which it is beyond the power of the keeper to prevent.' The condition of this prison was commented upon in severe terms at the late meeting of the Prison Discipline Society in Boston, and the proper authorities should remedy the evils complained of, immediately. The Mercantile Journal gives a sad account of the Prison at Lechmere Point, Cambridge. It says: 'The prison is small, containing but a few apartments, and, in addition to the persons accused of crimes who are usually confined there— are twenty-two insane insane  individuals, individuals, some of whom are furious maniacs, and others are verging to idiocy. These unfortunate beings occupy apartments which should be devoted to other purposes; this, of course, much abridges the accommodations, and causes an unpleasant state of things to exist in the prison, which no circumstances could produce, and which it is beyond the power of the keeper to prevent.' The condition of this prison was commented upon in severe terms at the late meeting of the Prison Discipline Society in Boston, and the proper authorities should remedy the evils complained of, immediately. THE DENTAL ART. It is difficult to say of how much further improvement the 'dental art' is susceptible; yet, in this, as in other sciences, every day is bringing to light some new principles, the application of which to practical purposes is often found to 'work well.' Such is the state of perfection to which it has been brought within the last few years, that there exists no apology whatever for those who, disregarding their own health and personal comfort, suffer their teeth to go to decay. A recent examination of a set of 'incorruptible mineral teeth,' manufactured for a friend and neighbor, by Dr. Hitchcock, dentist, of this city, almost impels us to declare that they are even superior to the natural, and must possess their owner with increased power of mastication. THE DENTAL ART. It is difficult to say of how much further improvement the 'dental art' is susceptible; yet, in this, as in other sciences, every day is bringing to light some new principles, the application of which to practical purposes is often found to 'work well.' Such is the state of perfection to which it has been brought within the last few years, that there exists no apology whatever for those who, disregarding their own health and personal comfort, suffer their teeth to go to decay. A recent examination of a set of 'incorruptible mineral teeth,' manufactured for a friend and neighbor, by Dr. Hitchcock, dentist, of this city, almost impels us to declare that they are even superior superior to the natural, and must possess their owner with increased power of mastication. Dr. Hitchcock has great experience in his profession, and is not, probably, excelled by any one, either in this or any other country, in the art of filling and extracting teeth. His 'improved extractor,' as it is styled, enables him to remove decayed teeth with very little pain or trouble, and to the truth of this thousands in this city could bear testimony.— Boston Bee. Dr. Hitchcock has great experience in his profession, and is not, probably, excelled by any one, either in this or any other country, in the art of filling and extracting teeth. His 'improved extractor,' as it is styled, enables him to remove decayed teeth with very little pain or trouble, and to the truth of this thousands in this city could bear testimony.— Boston Bee. Boston Bee. A correspondent of the New York Evangelist at Washington writes: 'I am sorry to say, that the President is a profane swearer, and often interlards his conversation with oaths.' (The writer may be 'sorry,' at the profanity of the President, but need he be surprised? The same disregard of his Maker which leads the President to brutalize, chattelize and enslave his image, will lead him to take his name in vain. Yet this high functionary would cover his iniquities by impiously appointing a national fast at one of the ordinary events of providence; and he who exposes the hypocrisy' and denounces it as a 'FARCE,' is stigmatized as a blasphemer and an infidel, by those who profess to be patterns of uprightness, and special favorites of a holy God!) A correspondent of the New York Evangelist at Washington writes: 'I am sorry to say, that the President is a profane swearer, and often interlards his conversation with oaths.' (The writer may be 'sorry,' at the profanity of the President, but need he be surprised? The same disregard of his Maker which leads the President to brutalize, chattelize and enslave his image, will lead him to take his name in vain. Yet this high functionary would cover his iniquities by impiously appointing a national fast national fast at one of the ordinary events of providence; and he who exposes the hypocrisy' and denounces it as a 'FARCE,' is stigmatized as a blasphemer and an infidel, by those who profess to be patterns of uprightness, and special favorites of a holy God!) The New York American says, that when Mr. Marshall of Kentucky, in his recent temperance speech in that city, incidentally mentioned, in the course of his remarks, the word Ashland, the residence of Mr. Clay, a burst of applause arose from the assembly, in which clergymen joined, 'POUNDING WITH THEIR CANES LIKE SO MANY DRUMMERS.' The reverend gentlemen undoubtedly belong to that number of their profession who countenanced and participated in the 'hard cider' revelries of 1840, and are better fitted to be 'drummers' to Henry Clay than to preach a gospel they dishonor in their life and practice. The New York American says, that when Mr. Marshall of Kentucky, in his recent temperance speech in that city, incidentally mentioned, in the course of his remarks, the word Ashland, Ashland, the residence of Mr. Clay, a burst of applause arose from the assembly, in which clergymen clergymen joined, 'POUNDING WITH THEIR CANES LIKE SO MANY DRUMMERS.' The reverend gentlemen undoubtedly belong to that number of their profession who countenanced and participated in the 'hard cider' revelries of 1840, and are better fitted to be 'drummers' to Henry Clay than to preach a gospel they dishonor in their life and practice. 'TO LET.' A carrier of one of the weekly news papers of Philadelphia counted 640 houses 'to let,' on his route through the principal streets of that city. (If the small, neat and comfortable two-story dwellings, which abound in the city of brotherly love, are included in those 'to let,' we wish they might be transported to Boston, this city of palaces and hovels, that the industrious middling classes might not be compelled to crowd, by families, into a narrow-faced, four-story dwelling, or suffocate singly in one of 96 inches.) 'TO LET.' A carrier of one of the weekly news papers of Philadelphia counted 640 houses 'to let,' on his route through the principal streets of that city. (If the small, neat and comfortable two-story dwellings, which abound in the city of brotherly love, are included in those 'to let,' we wish they might be transported to Boston, this city of palaces and hovels, that the industrious middling classes might not be compelled to crowd, by families, into a narrow-faced, four-story dwelling, or suffocate singly in one of 96 inches.) Mensen Ernst, the famous Norwegian runner, now at Moscow, has engaged to walk from that city to Jerusalem in thirty days. His departure was fixed for the 1st of May He is to receive 25,000 silver roubles, if he succeeds in his undertaking. He is at present 59 years of age. Mensen Ernst, the famous Norwegian runner, now at Moscow, has engaged to walk from that city to Jerusalem in thirty days. His departure was fixed for the 1st of May He is to receive 25,000 silver roubles, if he succeeds in his undertaking. He is at present 59 years of age. Great Lawsuit Settled.— The-Philadelphia Evening Chronicle states that the litigated question which has been pending between the Old and New Schools of the Presbyterian church, has been settled, we understand— the New School having withdrawn their suit. Great Lawsuit Settled. Great Lawsuit Settled. — The-Philadelphia Evening Chronicle states that the litigated question which has been pending between the Old and New Schools of the Presbyterian church, has been settled, we understand— the New School having withdrawn their suit. Another Steamship.— The company owning the royal mail ships running between Liverpool and Boston, we learn, have purchased the steamship Margaret, Capt. Shannon, and her arrival at Halifax is now daily expected.— Bunker Hill Aurora. Another Steamship. Another Steamship. — The company owning the royal mail ships running between Liverpool and Boston, we learn, have purchased the steamship Margaret, Capt. Shannon, and her arrival at Halifax is now daily expected.— Bunker Hill Aurora. Bunker Hill Aurora. The total number of persons apprehended by the London police in the year 1841, was 68,961, viz: 46,358 males, and 28,603 females. Of these, 36,708 were discharged by the magistrates, 25,235 summarily convicted, or held to bail, and 4018 committed for trial. The total number of persons apprehended by the London police in the year 1841, was 68,961, viz: 46,358 males, and 28,603 females. Of these, 36,708 were discharged by the magistrates, 25,235 summarily convicted, or held to bail, and 4018 committed for trial. Nightingales in Prussia.— The States of Rhenish Prussia petitioned his Majesty to protect the nightingales of the country. The police minister has accordingly issued an edict, prohibiting to rob a nightingale's nest, or keep one in a cage, under a penalty of five dollars. Nightingales in Prussia. Nightingales in Prussia. — The States of Rhenish Prussia petitioned his Majesty to protect the nightingales of the country. The police minister has accordingly issued an edict, prohibiting to rob a nightingale's nest, or keep one in a cage, under a penalty of five dollars. The total income of the penny postage for the year is £1,526,624— out of which £824,862 are absorbed in the expenses of the post-office establishment. The total income of the Irish post-office is £194,200— the charges of collection, &c., amount to £125,306. The total income of the penny postage for the year is £1,526,624— out of which £824,862 are absorbed in the expenses of the post-office establishment. The total income of the Irish post-office is £194,200— the charges of collection, &c., amount to £125,306. A new enemy to the cotton plantor has made its appearance in Panola and De Soto counties, Miss., in the shape of innumerable snails, which eat up and destroy the plant, commencing with the leaf, and ending with the bud. A new enemy to the cotton plantor has made its appearance in Panola and De Soto counties, Miss., in the shape of innumerable snails, which eat up and destroy the plant, commencing with the leaf, and ending with the bud. The Emperor of Russia has sent, through his Majesty's Minister to the United States, a magnificent gold snuff-box, studded with costly diamonds, to our fellow-citizen, J.J. Audubon, the great ornithologist. The box is of splendid workmanship, and could not have cost less than two thousand dollars.— Courter. The Emperor of Russia has sent, through his Majesty's Minister to the United States, a magnificent gold snuff-box, studded with costly diamonds, to our fellow-citizen, J.J. Audubon, the great ornithologist. The box is of splendid workmanship, and could not have cost less than two thousand dollars.— Courter. Courter. The examination of Lieut. E. Smoot, for killing the negro boy Peter, says the Mobile Ledger, was had before Justices Barnes and Schooley, and, after a hearing of the testimony, he was fully acquitted, it being deemed a clear case of 'justifiable homicide.' The examination of Lieut. E. Smoot, for killing the negro boy Peter, says the Mobile Ledger, was had before Justices Barnes and Schooley, and, after a hearing of the testimony, he was fully acquitted, it being deemed a clear case of 'justifiable homicide.' A letter from Hamburgh, of the 19th ult, says that the reflection of the fire in the air was seen not only in the Baltic, but in the German ocean, at the distance of 100 miles, by the persons on board the ships that were coming to the Elbe. A letter from Hamburgh, of the 19th ult, says that the reflection of the fire in the air was seen not only in the Baltic, but in the German ocean, at the distance of 100 miles, by the persons on board the ships that were coming to the Elbe. Sir John Franklin, Governor of Van Diemen's Land, has issued a proclamation, declaring that newspapers arriving in, or despatched from, the colony, will be delivered postage free. Sir John Franklin, Governor of Van Diemen's Land, has issued a proclamation, declaring that newspapers arriving in, or despatched from, the colony, will be delivered postage free. A man named Meade, who lives in Amelia county, Va. was whipping one of his slaves with a strap, a few days ago, when a buckle upon the strap struck him under the ear, causing instant death. A man named Meade, who lives in Amelia county, Va. was whipping one of his slaves with a strap, a few days ago, when a buckle upon the strap struck him under the ear, causing instant death. One of the most eminent oriental scholars of the age, is Professor Lee, of one of the English Universities, and yet all his education was acquired during the moments of leisure which he found while employed as a journeyman carpenter. One of the most eminent oriental scholars of the age, is Professor Lee, of one of the English Universities, and yet all his education was acquired during the moments of leisure which he found while employed as a journeyman carpenter. It is stated, that by a chemical process, a species of wax, very pure and clear, and eminently capable of making excellent candles, can be made from the refuse of the sugar cane, after the saccharine particles have been evolved. It is stated, that by a chemical process, a species of wax, very pure and clear, and eminently capable of making excellent candles, can be made from the refuse of the sugar cane, after the saccharine particles have been evolved. A Paris paper announces that the Russian government has purchased, for 1,000,000 roubles, the new process or dyeing blue, by moans of which the price of dyeing a piece of cloth is reduced from 32 to 6 francs. A Paris paper announces that the Russian government has purchased, for 1,000,000 roubles, the new process or dyeing blue, by moans of which the price of dyeing a piece of cloth is reduced from 32 to 6 francs. The amount of dead loss at which the British West India line of steamers is supported, is estimated at £10,000 each boat, making an aggregate of £3,500,000. Government stands one half of the 'nonsense,' and the Company the other half. The amount of dead loss at which the British West India line of steamers is supported, is estimated at £10,000 each boat, making an aggregate of £3,500,000. Government stands one half of the 'nonsense,' and the Company the other half. A great Temperance celebration lately took place in Philadelphia. The procession was about two miles long, and was composed of some fifteen or twenty thousand. A great Temperance celebration lately took place in Philadelphia. The procession was about two miles long, and was composed of some fifteen or twenty thousand. The Anti-Masons of Pennsylvania will hold a State Convention in Harrisburg on the 26th July. They now think of nominating Gen. Scott. The Anti-Masons of Pennsylvania will hold a State Convention in Harrisburg on the 26th July. They now think of nominating Gen. Scott. At Tingaubats, Mexico, several subterraneous apartments have been discovered, containing idols and other specimens of ancient sculpture, and works in stone. At Tingaubats, Mexico, several subterraneous apartments have been discovered, containing idols and other specimens of ancient sculpture, and works in stone. The Rev. James Marsh, D.D., of Vermont University, whose death was recently announced in the New York papers, is still alive. The Rev. James Marsh, D.D., of Vermont University, whose death was recently announced in the New York papers, is still alive. Farrington, the late President of the Galliopolis, Ohio Bank, has been sentenced to ten years in the State prison for his financial villany. Farrington, the late President of the Galliopolis, Ohio Bank, has been sentenced to ten years in the State prison for his financial villany. The sick headache, it is said, may be relieved in a few minutes by drinking two tea spoonsfull of finely powdered charcoal in half a tumblet of water. The sick headache, it is said, may be relieved in a few minutes by drinking two tea spoonsfull of finely powdered charcoal in half a tumblet of water. A company for Texas, one hundred strong, left St. Louis in the steamer Alton several days ago. A company for Texas, one hundred strong, left St. Louis in the steamer Alton several days ago. The meeting-house of the colored people at Woodstown, N.J., was destroyed by fire on the 19th ult. The meeting-house of the colored people at Woodstown, N.J., was destroyed by fire on the 19th ult. A Detroit paper says that not less than 50,000 fruit trees have been planted in that vicinity this season. A Detroit paper says that not less than 50,000 fruit trees have been planted in that vicinity this season. 

 Shocking.— We learn from the Portland Argus, that Greenlief S. Blaisdell, of that city, was examined before Judge Fitch on Monday, on the charge of destroying an infant, (of which he was the reputed father,) on the 18th of March last. The testimony was conclusive to the point that Blaisdell assisted at the accouchment, at a house in Washington-street— that no physician was present, and that after the lapse of twenty or thirty minutes from the birth, the child was put upon the fire and burned up! One witness testified that she saw the child move after birth. The others, among whom was the wretched mother, testified that the child was dead when born. As B. was charged with murder, the Judge decided that the proof to that point was inconclusive, and directed him to be discharged. Blaisdell is the husband of a very respectable woman, and has four children. Shocking. Shocking. — We learn from the Portland Argus, that Greenlief S. Blaisdell, of that city, was examined before Judge Fitch on Monday, on the charge of destroying an infant, (of which he was the reputed father,) on the 18th of March last. The testimony was conclusive to the point that Blaisdell assisted at the accouchment, at a house in Washington-street— that no physician was present, and that after the lapse of twenty or thirty minutes from the birth, the child was put upon the fire and burned up! burned up! One witness testified that she saw the child move after birth. The others, among whom was the wretched mother, testified that the child was dead when born. As B. was charged with murder, murder, the Judge decided that the proof to that point was inconclusive, and directed him to be discharged. Blaisdell is the husband of a very respectable woman, and has four children. 

 No unwarrantable distinctions. No unwarrantable distinctions. No unwarrantable distinctions.  THE New York steamboat train will leave Worcester every day, (Sundays excepted,) on the arrival of the train which leaves Boston at 4 P.M., and will leave Norwich for Worcester and Boston, on the arrival of the steamer from New York. THE New York steamboat train will leave Worcester every day, (Sundays excepted,) on the arrival of the train which leaves Boston at 4 P.M., and will leave Norwich for Worcester and Boston, on the arrival of the steamer from New York. leave Norwich at 6 A.M., and 4 1-2 P.M. daily, except Sundays. leave Norwich at 6 A.M., and 4 1-2 P.M. daily, except Sundays. Leave Worcester at 10 A.M. and 4 P.M. Leave Worcester at 10 A.M. and 4 P.M. The trains leaving Norwich at 6 A.M. and Worcester at 9 1-2 A.M., and 4 P.M., connect with the trains of the Boston and Worcester and Western Railroads. The trains leaving Norwich at 6 A.M. and Worcester at 9 1-2 A.M., and 4 P.M., connect with the trains of the Boston and Worcester and Western Railroads. T. WILLIS PRATT, Sup't. T. WILLIS PRATT, Sup't. 

 A negro named Peter was shot in Mobile, on the 9th, by Lieut. Smoot, of the revenue service. He had a few days before stopped Lieut. Smoot in the street, and attempted to rob him, but did not succeed. A day or two after, it was ascertained that the negro was at the head of a desperate gang of villains, and pursuit was immediately made. He was arrested and brought back to Lieut. Smoot's house, where he was bound. He broke the cords, and ran off. Lieut. S. ordered him to stop, but receiving an insolent reply, he shot him through the neck with a musket. He died instantly. Lieut. S. gave himself up to the authorities, and was subsequently acquitted— of course! A negro named Peter was shot in Mobile, on the 9th, by Lieut. Smoot, of the revenue service. He had a few days before stopped Lieut. Smoot in the street, and attempted to rob him, but did not succeed. A day or two after, it was ascertained that the negro was at the head of a desperate gang of villains, and pursuit was immediately made. He was arrested and brought back to Lieut. Smoot's house, where he was bound. He broke the cords, and ran off. Lieut. S. ordered him to stop, but receiving an insolent reply, he shot him through the neck with a musket. He died instantly. Lieut. S. gave himself up to the authorities, and was subsequently acquitted— of course! Horrible Casualty.— The Mifflintown, Pa. Spirit of the Times of Thursday last says, on Friday last, a son of Jonas Pennebaker, of this vicinity, aged two years three months and eighteen days, was found dead in the saw mill, which had been left only for a few moments by its father, mutilated in a shocking manner, its right arm sawed off in two places, and the left nearly severed with the saw, and its head horribly lacerate and bruised, having fallen into the pit of the saw mill. Horrible Casualty. Horrible Casualty. — The Mifflintown, Pa. Spirit of the Times of Thursday last says, on Friday last, a son of Jonas Pennebaker, of this vicinity, aged two years three months and eighteen days, was found dead in the saw mill, which had been left only for a few moments by its father, mutilated in a shocking manner, its right arm sawed off in two places, and the left nearly severed with the saw, and its head horribly lacerate and bruised, having fallen into the pit of the saw mill. 

 Equally free to all. Equally free to all. Equally free to all.  SUMMER ARRANGEMENT. ON and after Monday, March 14, the passenger trains will run, in connexion with the cars of the Boston and Lowell Railroad, as follows: ON and after Monday, March 14, the passenger trains will run, in connexion with the cars of the Boston and Lowell Railroad, as follows: Leave Boston at 7 and 11 A.M., and 2 and 5 3-4 P.M. Leave Boston at 7 and 11 A.M., and 2 and 5 3-4 P.M. Leave Nashua at 6 1-4 and 10 1-4 A.M., and 1 1-4 and 5 P.M. Leave Nashua at 6 1-4 and 10 1-4 A.M., and 1 1-4 and 5 P.M. Leave Lowell at 8 1-4 A.M., 12 1-4, 3 1-4 and 7 P.M., or immediately on the arrival of the cars from Boston. Leave Lowell at 8 1-4 A.M., 12 1-4, 3 1-4 and 7 P.M., or immediately on the arrival of the cars from Boston. All baggage at the risk of the owners. All baggage at the risk of the owners. On the arrival of the cars at Nashua, stages leave for any part of New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, and Canada, via Concord, Keene, and Charlestown, N.H., Windsor and Brattleborough, Vt. On the arrival of the cars at Nashua, stages leave for any part of New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, and Canada, via Concord, Keene, and Charlestown, N.H., Windsor and Brattleborough, Vt. Books are kept at the stage offices, 9 and 11 Elm st, where seats can be secured in any of the coaches, and correct information obtained respecting any of the stage routes Books are kept at the stage offices, 9 and 11 Elm st, where seats can be secured in any of the coaches, and correct information obtained respecting any of the stage routes Passengers from Mason Village, New Ipswich, Keene, Walpole, Bellows Falls, and Brattleboro,' Vt. daily, by 7 o'clock cars from Boston, through in one day, and Albany and Saratoga second day. Passengers from Mason Village, New Ipswich, Keene, Walpole, Bellows Falls, and Brattleboro,' Vt. daily, by 7 o'clock cars from Boston, through in one day, and Albany and Saratoga second day. ONSLOW STEARNS, Superintendent. ONSLOW STEARNS, Superintendent. 

 An Anti-Slavery Convention, for the State of New York, is to be holden at Cazenovia on the 6th and 7th of July, which it is expected will be the largest ever held in the Empire State. We have been kindly and earnestly Invited to attend it, but our engagements are such as to make it extremely inconvenient, if not impracticable, for us to do so. We hope, however, to visit western New-York, and perhaps a portion of Ohio, in all next Fall. An Anti-Slavery Convention, for the State of New York, is to be holden at Cazenovia on the 6th and 7th of July, which it is expected will be the largest ever held in the Empire State. We have been kindly and earnestly Invited to attend it, but our engagements are such as to make it extremely inconvenient, if not impracticable, for us to do so. We hope, however, to visit western New-York, and perhaps a portion of Ohio, in all next Fall. The Chartists have received their repulse from the House of Commons with more moderation than might have been expected. The Convention now declares, that as the falsely called representatives of the people will not pass their charter into a law, nor hear a detail of the grievances of the non-elections at the bar of the House, never again will they condescend to appeal to the Commons, but at once demand an audience of the Queen, and if that be denied, then to refuse to pay all taxes, and to resist their collection to the death. The Chartists have received their repulse from the House of Commons with more moderation than might have been expected. The Convention now declares, that as the falsely called representatives of the people will not pass their charter into a law, nor hear a detail of the grievances of the non-elections at the bar of the House, never again will they condescend to appeal to the Commons, but at once demand an audience of the Queen, and if that be denied, then to refuse to pay all taxes, and to resist their collection to the death. The German papers give accounts of several fires, which had occurred within the previous ten days. At Pozey, in Croatia, in an exceedingly short time, not less than 168 houses became a pray to the flames, and 15 persons perished. Another occurred at Amegar, in Denmark, where 31 houses were destroyed; and a third at Wurenlof, a town in Argau, where 16 houses were reduced to ashes. The German papers give accounts of several fires, which had occurred within the previous ten days. At Pozey, in Croatia, in an exceedingly short time, not less than 168 houses became a pray to the flames, and 15 persons perished. Another occurred at Amegar, in Denmark, where 31 houses were destroyed; and a third at Wurenlof, a town in Argau, where 16 houses were reduced to ashes. Fatal Rail-Road Accident— Capt. Thomas O'Brien was killed on the Pottsville and Reading rail-road, in Moreville, a few days since. He attempted to jump from the car— fell across the rail, and the cars passed over his body, almost cutting him in two. His death was instantaneous. Fatal Rail-Road Accident Fatal Rail-Road Accident — Capt. Thomas O'Brien was killed on the Pottsville and Reading rail-road, in Moreville, a few days since. He attempted to jump from the car— fell across the rail, and the cars passed over his body, almost cutting him in two. His death was instantaneous. At the last accounts from Fredericksburg, there was little hope of the recovery of Mr. Senator Southard. If he should die, and Mr. Tyler should also be taken away from us before his term expires, Mr. Mangum will be the acting President of the United States! It would be a queer state of things. (N.B. News has been received of the death of Mr. Southard, at Fredericksburg, Virginia.) At the last accounts from Fredericksburg, there was little hope of the recovery of Mr. Senator Southard. If he should die, and Mr. Tyler should also be taken away from us before his term expires, Mr. Mangum will be the acting President of the United States! It would be a queer state of things. (N.B. News has been received of the death of Mr. Southard, at Fredericksburg, Virginia.) Accident.— The wife, son and daughter of Mr. Jesse Hulse, of Blooming Grove, each sustained the injury of a broken leg while proceeding to church on Sunday last. The horse took fright in consequence of some oversight in harnessing, and the waggon was upset, causing the accident. Accident.— Accident.— The wife, son and daughter of Mr. Jesse Hulse, of Blooming Grove, each sustained the injury of a broken leg while proceeding to church on Sunday last. The horse took fright in consequence of some oversight in harnessing, and the waggon was upset, causing the accident. Daring Feat.— As one of Neil, More, and Co's stages was descending a hill near Zanesville, Ohio, a few days ago, the lever broke, throwing the driver off his seat, and the horses started into a run. One of the passengers crept out of the window, then on the top, from thence into the driver's seat, threw down to the pole, and then on one of the wheel horses, and actually pulled up the team. Daring Feat. Daring Feat. — As one of Neil, More, and Co's stages was descending a hill near Zanesville, Ohio, a few days ago, the lever broke, throwing the driver off his seat, and the horses started into a run. One of the passengers crept out of the window, then on the top, from thence into the driver's seat, threw down to the pole, and then on one of the wheel horses, and actually pulled up the team. Shortest trip from hence to New-York.— We are told that the steamer New-York, Capt. T. Sanford, made her trip from here to New-York, on Tuesday last, in 4 hours and 22 minutes from wharf to wharf— the shortest time known. We saw it stated in a Hartford paper a few days since that the Cleopatra came up in 4 hours 34 minutes, but the New-York leads yet.— N.H. Herald. Shortest trip from hence to New-York. Shortest trip from hence to New-York. — We are told that the steamer New-York, Capt. T. Sanford, made her trip from here to New-York, on Tuesday last, in 4 hours and 22 minutes from wharf to wharf— the shortest time known. We saw it stated in a Hartford paper a few days since that the Cleopatra came up in 4 hours 34 minutes, but the New-York leads yet.— N.H. Herald. N.H. Herald. Vindova, a cannibal chief, from the Fiji Islands, who was brought to this country by the Exploring Expedition, died of consumption in New-York on Saturday. Several years ago, eleven sailors from a Salem brig were captured by him, and sacrificed in cannibal style. Vindova, a cannibal chief, from the Fiji Islands, who was brought to this country by the Exploring Expedition, died of consumption in New-York on Saturday. Several years ago, eleven sailors from a Salem brig were captured by him, and sacrificed in cannibal style. A Veteran Editor.— Mr. George Goodwin, of Hartford, (formerly one of the firm of Hudson & Goodwin, many years proprietors and publishers of the Connecticut Courant,) now ninety-four years of age, walks to the printing office daily and sets his paragraphs in type, to gratify long established habit. A Veteran Editor. A Veteran Editor. — Mr. George Goodwin, of Hartford, (formerly one of the firm of Hudson & Goodwin, many years proprietors and publishers of the Connecticut Courant,) now ninety-four years of age, walks to the printing office daily and sets his paragraphs in type, to gratify long established habit. The number of white persons in Massachusetts, over twenty years of age, who cannot read or write, according to the late census, is 4448, out of a population of 728,932; in Virginia, 58,707, out of a population of 745,812 white persons of the age above named. The Old Dominion holds a larger number of unlettered white people than any other State in the Union, and it is proper that she should. The number of white persons in Massachusetts, over twenty years of age, who cannot read or write, according to the late census, is 4448, out of a population of 728,932; in Virginia, 58,707, out of a population of 745,812 white persons of the age above named. The Old Dominion holds a larger number of unlettered white people than any other State in the Union, and it is proper that she should. Murdered.— Mr. Jacobs, living in the neighborhood of Urbans, Illinois, not long since accused a neighbor named Shamlin of stealing a bee hive. The accused, feeling indignant at the accusation thus brought, repaired to the place of his accuser, and beat him to death. S. was then taken up and sent to prison for trial. Murdered. Murdered. — Mr. Jacobs, living in the neighborhood of Urbans, Illinois, not long since accused a neighbor named Shamlin of stealing a bee hive. The accused, feeling indignant at the accusation thus brought, repaired to the place of his accuser, and beat him to death. S. was then taken up and sent to prison for trial. More Trouble among the Cherokees.— The Arkansas Intelligencer learns from two gentlemen just from Fort Gibson, that an affray took place in the nation, last month, in which Stand Watie, Ridge man, killed James Forman, another Indian. Parties are arming for revenge A detachment of troops from Fort Wayne was despatched to prevent further bloodshed. More Trouble among the Cherokees. More Trouble among the Cherokees. — The Arkansas Intelligencer learns from two gentlemen just from Fort Gibson, that an affray took place in the nation, last month, in which Stand Watie, Ridge man, killed James Forman, another Indian. Parties are arming for revenge A detachment of troops from Fort Wayne was despatched to prevent further bloodshed. Steamer Lost.— British steamer Maid of the Mist, of and from St. John, N.B., for Eastport, went ashore on Campobello, 17th instant, during a fog, and filled. She had 180 passengers, all of whom are saved. The steamer was afterwards got off, and towed into Eastport by the steamer North America. Steamer Lost. Steamer Lost. — British steamer Maid of the Mist, of and from St. John, N.B., for Eastport, went ashore on Campobello, 17th instant, during a fog, and filled. She had 180 passengers, all of whom are saved. The steamer was afterwards got off, and towed into Eastport by the steamer North America. Sun Struck.— On Saturday afternoon a negro man, a cart driver, was sun struck, and immediately expired, in St. Anne street, near the new jail.— N.O. paper. Sun Struck. Sun Struck. — On Saturday afternoon a negro man, a cart driver, was sun struck, and immediately expired, in St. Anne street, near the new jail.— N.O. paper. N.O. paper. Something Singular.— Capt. Green, of the brig Oswego, arrived at this port from Buenos Ayres, states that he did not tack ship during the whole passage.— Boston Post. Something Singular. Something Singular. — Capt. Green, of the brig Oswego, arrived at this port from Buenos Ayres, states that he did not tack ship during the whole passage.— Boston Post. Boston Post. Another Great Fire.— A similar calamity to that which visited Hamburgh is announced to have befallen the Austrian town of Steijer, not far from Lintz, weere 400 houses were consumed, and three-fourths of the inhabitants, who were celebrated for their iron manufactures, were all left without shelter. Another Great Fire. Another Great Fire. — A similar calamity to that which visited Hamburgh is announced to have befallen the Austrian town of Steijer, not far from Lintz, weere 400 houses were consumed, and three-fourths of the inhabitants, who were celebrated for their iron manufactures, were all left without shelter. Snow Storm!— It snowed for hours in Stoddard, and other hill towns in this vicinity, on Saturday morning last; and persons out represent the storm as exceedingly uncomfortable. It was followed by a severe frost, which has been fatal to beans, vines, &c. The corn in our valley is cut to the ground, and it is feared much of it is destroyed. It has also been injurious to the fruit, though we cannot say to what extent. There was a frozen crust from 1-4 to 1-2 an inch in thickness. Such a frost, on the morning of the 12th of June, is scarcely within the memory of the oldest inhabitants.— Keene, N.H. Sentinel. Snow Storm! Snow Storm! — It snowed for hours in Stoddard, and other hill towns in this vicinity, on Saturday morning last; and persons out represent the storm as exceedingly uncomfortable. It was followed by a severe frost, which has been fatal to beans, vines, &c. The corn in our valley is cut to the ground, and it is feared much of it is destroyed. It has also been injurious to the fruit, though we cannot say to what extent. There was a frozen crust from 1-4 to 1-2 an inch in thickness. Such a frost, on the morning of the 12th of June, is scarcely within the memory of the oldest inhabitants.— Keene, N.H. Sentinel. Keene, N.H. Sentinel. There was snow in New-Hampshire and Vermont, on Saturday,— considerable ice was made— vegetation was somewhat injured. Mr. Hill says, of 8 acres of corn, which he visited, scarcely a hill escaped. At Franconin, the snow was 4 inches deep. There was snow in New-Hampshire and Vermont, on Saturday,— considerable ice was made— vegetation was somewhat injured. Mr. Hill says, of 8 acres of corn, which he visited, scarcely a hill escaped. At Franconin, the snow was 4 inches deep. On Friday, a boy named Parker, in Chelmsford, while playing in the room with his sister, took up a gun which had been left there. The gun accidentally went off, being loaded, and the charge passed through the body of his sister, which caused her death in about two hours. On Friday, a boy named Parker, in Chelmsford, while playing in the room with his sister, took up a gun which had been left there. The gun accidentally went off, being loaded, and the charge passed through the body of his sister, which caused her death in about two hours. On Saturday morning, three boys, two brothers, sons of Mr. Rosecrans, of Bethlehem, and the other a son of Mr. Hallenbake, of Bethlehem, while bathing in the Norman's Kiln Creek, near this city, got in beyond their depth, and were drowned. All three went down together, clinging fast to each other, and rose no more!— Albany Amer. Citizen. On Saturday morning, three boys, two brothers, sons of Mr. Rosecrans, of Bethlehem, and the other a son of Mr. Hallenbake, of Bethlehem, while bathing in the Norman's Kiln Creek, near this city, got in beyond their depth, and were drowned. All three went down together, clinging fast to each other, and rose no more!— Albany Amer. Citizen. Albany Amer. Citizen. In Torrington, Litchfield co., we understand that snow fell on Saturday last, from 9 o'clock in the morning, until 2 in the afternoon.— Hartford Courant. In Torrington, Litchfield co., we understand that snow fell on Saturday last, from 9 o'clock in the morning, until 2 in the afternoon.— Hartford Courant. Hartford Courant. Mr. Eli Hoyt, of Warren Ohio, 22 years of age, was shot dead a few days since, by a boy, who was carelesely snapping an old rifle, which had lain by some twelve months. Mr. Eli Hoyt, of Warren Ohio, 22 years of age, was shot dead a few days since, by a boy, who was carelesely snapping an old rifle, which had lain by some twelve months. Mr. Wm. Emerson of Malden, now in his 83d year, made in precisely one year previous to his coming at his 82d year, with his own hands, eight hundred and eighty-six pair of men's pumps! Mr. Wm. Emerson of Malden, now in his 83d year, made in precisely one year previous to his coming at his 82d year, with his own hands, eight hundred and eighty-six pair of men's pumps! Martin Van Buren has been nominated as the next candidate for the Presidency, by the Democratic Convention of the State of Missouri. Martin Van Buren has been nominated as the next candidate for the Presidency, by the Democratic Convention of the State of Missouri. A Good Beginning.— Michigan State Scrip to the amount of $45,837, was burnt at Detroit on the 17th ult, by order of the State authorities. A Good Beginning. A Good Beginning. — Michigan State Scrip to the amount of $45,837, was burnt at Detroit on the 17th ult, by order of the State authorities. Gen. Chas. Floyd, of Camden, S.C. having been invited by the President and other leading men of Texas, to come to that country with a body of emigrants, is preparing to do so. It is said a plenty of emigrants can be obtained for the purpose. Gen. Chas. Floyd, of Camden, S.C. having been invited by the President and other leading men of Texas, to come to that country with a body of emigrants, is preparing to do so. It is said a plenty of emigrants can be obtained for the purpose. The Rev. Dr. Channing is now adjourning in the Valley of Wyoming, whither he has gone for the benefit of his health. The Rev. Dr. Channing is now adjourning in the Valley of Wyoming, whither he has gone for the benefit of his health. The Cherokee tribe of Indians have passed a law that all spirituous liquors found at any time, in their nation, should be poured out on the ground. The Cherokee tribe of Indians have passed a law that all spirituous liquors found at any time, in their nation, should be poured out on the ground. A letter from Cairo states that the Pacha of Egypt, with a view of putting down the slave-trade, has laid a heavy tax upon the sale of slaves in his dominions, this being the only way in which he can attack the traffick, as it is tolerated by the Mahometan religion, and vindicated by the Ulemas. A letter from Cairo states that the Pacha of Egypt, with a view of putting down the slave-trade, has laid a heavy tax upon the sale of slaves in his dominions, this being the only way in which he can attack the traffick, as it is tolerated by the Mahometan religion, and vindicated by the Ulemas. Mr. Graham, keeper of the Cornucopia, at Philadelphia, died in that city on Monday, from injuries received by a fall from a rail-road car on the previous day. Mr. Graham, keeper of the Cornucopia, at Philadelphia, died in that city on Monday, from injuries received by a fall from a rail-road car on the previous day. Mrs. Blennerhasset, whose personal charms in early life have been rendered enduring by the eloquence of Mr. Wirt, in the famous passage of his defence of her husband, died in New-York on Friday last, aged 70 years. Mrs. Blennerhasset, whose personal charms in early life have been rendered enduring by the eloquence of Mr. Wirt, in the famous passage of his defence of her husband, died in New-York on Friday last, aged 70 years. Corn was selling at Pittsburg last week, at 30 cents per bushel. Corn was selling at Pittsburg last week, at 30 cents per bushel. Another Murder.— We learn that a horrid murder, was committed on Saturday evening, in South Scituate, in Plymouth county, by a monster named Isaac Leavitt, who with a club and schythe murdered the wife of Otis Knapp. Mrs. K, we understand, has left a large family of children. Rum was the cause of this atrocious act; the murderer having drank a plat of that immediately the commission of the crime. Another Another  Murder. Murder. — We learn that a horrid murder, was committed on Saturday evening, in South Scituate, in Plymouth county, by a monster named Isaac Leavitt, who with a club and schythe murdered the wife of Otis Knapp. Mrs. K, we understand, has left a large family of children. Rum was the cause of this atrocious act; the murderer having drank a plat of that immediately the commission of the crime. Suicide.— Capt. Sandin, of the Swedish brig Skellepteo, committed suicide this morning on the T wharf, by shooting himself with a rifle. Suicide. Suicide. — Capt. Sandin, of the Swedish brig Skellepteo, committed suicide this morning on the T wharf, by shooting himself with a rifle. Previously to committing the deed, he wrote a letter to his wife, and to the owners of the brig at Gottenburg— Transcript. Previously to committing the deed, he wrote a letter to his wife, and to the owners of the brig at Gottenburg— Transcript Transcript . AN INSURRECTION. The Opelousas (La.) Gazette speaks of a contemplated Incurrection among the negroes of the parish of St. Landry. A negro man and a negro woman in Plaquemine, who were overheard discussing the matter, have been placed under arrest. AN INSURRECTION. The Opelousas (La.) Gazette speaks of a contemplated Incurrection among the negroes of the parish of St. Landry. A negro man and a negro woman in Plaquemine, who were overheard discussing the matter, have been placed under arrest. We have the melancholy duty of announcing the death of the Hon. Wm. S. Hastings, an estimable and highly respected member of the House of Representatives from the State of Massachusetts. He died a few days ago at the Sulphur Springs of Virginia, whither he had gone for the benefit of his health, which had for some time previously been in a declining state.— Nat. Intelligencer. We have the melancholy duty of announcing the death of the Hon. Wm. S. Hastings, an estimable and highly respected member of the House of Representatives from the State of Massachusetts. He died a few days ago at the Sulphur Springs of Virginia, whither he had gone for the benefit of his health, which had for some time previously been in a declining state.— Nat. Intelligencer. Nat. Intelligencer. 

 Humanity respected. Humanity respected. Humanity respected. ON and after Monday, March 14, the passenger trains will run as follows, viz: ON and after Monday, March 14, the passenger trains will run as follows, viz: Leave Boston at 7, A.M., 11, A.M.; 2 and 5 3-4, P.M. Leave Boston at 7, A.M., 11, A.M.; 2 and 5 3-4, P.M. Leave Lowell at 7, A.M., 11, A.M.; 2 and 5 3-4, P.M. Leave Lowell at 7, A.M., 11, A.M.; 2 and 5 3-4, P.M. The morning and evening trains will stop for way passengers at the usual stations. The morning and evening trains will stop for way passengers at the usual stations. CHARLES S. STORROW, CHARLES S. STORROW, Agent Boston and Lowell Railroad Company. Agent Boston and Lowell Railroad Company. 

 DIED— In Holliston, on Wednesday, 22d inst. Mrs. Aseneth M. Colburn, wife of B.W. Colburn, aged 23. She was a warm friend of the anti-slavery cause. DIED— In Holliston, on Wednesday, 22d inst. Mrs. Aseneth M. Colburn, wife of B.W. Colburn, aged 23. She was a warm friend of the anti-slavery cause. 

 A vile complexional distinction, enforced by brutal assaults. 'Hail Columbia, happy land'! A vile complexional distinction, enforced by brutal assaults. 'Hail Columbia, happy land'! A vile complexional distinction, enforced by brutal assaults. 'Hail Columbia, happy land'!  SUMMER ARRANGEMENT. ON and after Tuesday, March 15, the passenger trains will run as follows: ON and after Tuesday, March 15, the passenger trains will run as follows: The United States Mail Train will leave Boston daily, Sundays excepted, at 5 o'clock, P.M.; and Providence daily, Mondays excepted, on the arrival of the mail train from Stonington. The United States Mail Train will leave Boston daily, Sundays excepted, at 5 o'clock, P.M.; and Providence daily, Mondays excepted, on the arrival of the mail train from Stonington. Leave Boston for Providence, Dedham, Taunton, and New Bedford, daily, Sundays excepted, at 7 A.M. and 4 P.M. Leave Boston for Providence, Dedham, Taunton, and New Bedford, daily, Sundays excepted, at 7 A.M. and 4 P.M. Leave Providence for Boston, Taunton, New Bedford and Dedham, daily, Sundays excepted, at 7 A.M. and 4 P.M. Leave Providence for Boston, Taunton, New Bedford and Dedham, daily, Sundays excepted, at 7 A.M. and 4 P.M. Leave New Bedford for Boston and Providence, daily, Sundays excepted, at 6 1-2 A.M., and 3 1-2 P.M. Leave New Bedford for Boston and Providence, daily, Sundays excepted, at 6 1-2 A.M., and 3 1-2 P.M. Leave Taunton for Boston and Providence, daily, Sundays excepted at 7 1-4 A.M. and 4 1-4 P.M. Leave Taunton for Boston and Providence, daily, Sundays excepted at 7 1-4 A.M. and 4 1-4 P.M. W. RAYMOND LEE, Sep't. W. RAYMOND LEE, Sep't. 

 ON and after Monday, March 14, passenger trains will run daily, (Sundays excepted,) as follows, viz: ON and after Monday, March 14, passenger trains will run daily, (Sundays excepted,) as follows, viz: Leave Boston at 7 and 11 A.M. and 5 P.M., for Andover, Haverhill, Exeter, Newmarket and Dover. Leave Boston at 7 and 11 A.M. and 5 P.M., for Andover, Haverhill, Exeter, Newmarket and Dover. Leave Dover at 5 and 10 1-2 o'clock, A.M., and 4 P.M., for Exeter, Haverhill, Andover, Boston, Lowell and Nashua. Leave Dover at 5 and 10 1-2 o'clock, A.M., and 4 P.M., for Exeter, Haverhill, Andover, Boston, Lowell and Nashua. Passengers can be conveyed from Nashua and Lowell to the stations on this road, by the trains which leave Lowell at 7 and 11 A.M. and 2 P.M.; and to Lowell and Nashua, by all the trains from Dover. Passengers can be conveyed from Nashua and Lowell to the stations on this road, by the trains which leave Lowell at 7 and 11 A.M. and 2 P.M.; and to Lowell and Nashua, by all the trains from Dover. The Depot in Boston is on Lowell street, and passengers taking the cars of this railroad are subject to no detention by change of conveyance. The Depot in Boston is on Lowell street, and passengers taking the cars of this railroad are subject to no detention by change of conveyance. Stages leave Exeter or Dover on the arrival of the morning train from Boston, for nearly all parts of Maine, and the northern and eastern parts of New Hampshire. Stages leave Exeter or Dover on the arrival of the morning train from Boston, for nearly all parts of Maine, and the northern and eastern parts of New Hampshire. Merchandise trains run daily between Boston and Dover. Merchandise trains run daily between Boston and Dover. CHARLES MINOT, Superintendent. CHARLES MINOT, Superintendent. 

 No exclusiveness. No exclusiveness. No exclusiveness.  THE accommodation trains run daily, except Sun days, as follows, viz: THE accommodation trains run daily, except Sun days, as follows, viz: Leave Boston at 7, A.M., 1, P.M., and 3, P.M. Leave Boston at 7, A.M., 1, P.M., and 3, P.M. The first and last trains connect with the Western Railroad. The first and second with the Norwich Railroad. The first and last trains connect with the Western Railroad. The first and second with the Norwich Railroad. Leave Worcester at 6 A.M., half past 9 A.M., and 4 P.M. Leave Worcester at 6 A.M., half past 9 A.M., and 4 P.M. The second and last trains connect with the Western and Norwich Railroads. The second and last trains connect with the Western and Norwich Railroads. will leave Boston at 4 o'clock, P.M. every day, (Sundays excepted,) stopping at Framingham, Worcester, &c. will leave Boston at 4 o'clock, P.M. every day, (Sundays excepted,) stopping at Framingham, Worcester, &c. A mail train on Sunday will leave Worcester at 6 A.M.; Boston at 1 P.M. A mail train on Sunday will leave Worcester at 6 A.M.; Boston at 1 P.M. All baggage at the risk of the owner. All baggage at the risk of the owner. WILLIAM PARKER, Superintendent WILLIAM PARKER, Superintendent 

 ON and after April 25th, Trains leave BOSTON, For Newburyport and Portsmouth, at 7, 10 1-4 AM., 5 PM. For Newburyport and Portsmouth, at 7, 10 1-4 AM., 5 PM. For Lynn and Salem, at 7, 8 1-2, 10 1-4, AM, 12 1-4, 3 1-2, 5, 7 PM. For Lynn and Salem, at 7, 8 1-2, 10 1-4, AM, 12 1-4, 3 1-2, 5, 7 PM. For Newburyport, Salem and Boston, at 7 AM, 12 1-2 PM, 4 PM, or on the arrival of the Boat from Kennebec. For Newburyport, Salem and Boston, at 7 AM, 12 1-2 PM, 4 PM, or on the arrival of the Boat from Kennebec. For Salem and Boston, at 8 AM, 1 1-2, 5 PM. For Salem and Boston, at 8 AM, 1 1-2, 5 PM. For Portsmouth, at 9 AM, 12 M, 6 3-4 PM. For Portsmouth, at 9 AM, 12 M, 6 3-4 PM. For Lynn and Boston, at 7 1-4, 9, 11 AM, 5 3-4 PM. For Lynn and Boston, at 7 1-4, 9, 11 AM, 5 3-4 PM. For Newburyport and Portsmouth, 8, 11 AM, 5 3-4PM. For Newburyport and Portsmouth, 8, 11 AM, 5 3-4PM. Table  Table  JOHN KINSMAN, JOHN KINSMAN, Master Transportation. Master Transportation. 

 Equality of privileges. Equality of privileges. Equality of privileges.  ON and after Monday, May 2, 1841, passenger trains run daily, (Sundays excepted,) from the Depot of the Boston and Worcester Railroad, as follows: ON and after Monday, May 2, 1841, passenger trains run daily, (Sundays excepted,) from the Depot of the Boston and Worcester Railroad, as follows: Leave Boston at 6 12AM, and 3 1-4 PM, for Albany. Leave Boston at 6 12AM, and 3 1-4 PM, for Albany. Leave Albany at 6 A.M., and 7 P.M.; for Boston. Leave Albany at 6 A.M., and 7 P.M.; for Boston. Leave Springfield at 2 1-2 and 6 1-4 A.M. and 1 1-2 P.M., for Boston. Leave Springfield at 2 1-2 and 6 1-4 A.M. and 1 1-2 P.M., for Boston. Leave Worcester at 6 1-4 and 9 A M., and 5 3-4 P.M., for Springfield. Leave Worcester at 6 1-4 and 9 A M., and 5 3-4 P.M., for Springfield. The morning train from Boston arrive at Springfield at 11 3-4 A.M., at Pittsfield 3, at Chatham 4 1-2, and at Albany, 5 3-4 P.M. Fare through, $5 00. The morning train from Boston arrive at Springfield at 11 3-4 A.M., at Pittsfield 3, at Chatham 4 1-2, and at Albany, 5 3-4 P.M. Fare through, $5 00. The cars leave Albany for Utica at 7 P.M. The steamboats leave Albany for New York at 7 P.M. arrive at New York at 5 A.M. The cars leave Albany for Utica at 7 P.M. The steamboats leave Albany for New York at 7 P.M. arrive at New York at 5 A.M. The evening train from Boston arrives at Springfield 8 1-2 P.M., leave next morning at 6, arrive at Pittsfield 9, at Chatham 10 1-2 A.M., and at Albany 11 3-4 A.M. The evening train from Boston arrives at Springfield 8 1-2 P.M., leave next morning at 6, arrive at Pittsfield 9, at Chatham 10 1-2 A.M., and at Albany 11 3-4 A.M. The morning train from Albany arrives at Chatham 7 1-4, at Pittsfield 8, A.M., at Springfield 11 3-4 P.M., and Boston 6 3-4 P.M. The morning train from Albany arrives at Chatham 7 1-4, at Pittsfield 8, A.M., at Springfield 11 3-4 P.M., and Boston 6 3-4 P.M. The evening train from Albany arrives at Chatham at 8 1-4, at Pittsfield 10 P.M., at Springfield 1 1-2 A.M.; and at Boston 8 A.M. The evening train from Albany arrives at Chatham at 8 1-4, at Pittsfield 10 P.M., at Springfield 1 1-2 A.M.; and at Boston 8 A.M. The cars of the Hudson and Berkshire Railroad will run between Chatham and Hudson, in connection with the above trains. The cars of the Hudson and Berkshire Railroad will run between Chatham and Hudson, in connection with the above trains. For Greenfield, Hanover and Haverhill.— Stages leave Springfield daily, at 9 P.M., for Haverhill, via Northampton, Greenfield, Brattleboro', Hanover, &c. Passengers leaving Boston at 3 P.M., may take this line. For Greenfield, Hanover and Haverhill. For Greenfield, Hanover and Haverhill. — Stages leave Springfield daily, at 9 P.M., for Haverhill, via Northampton, Greenfield, Brattleboro', Hanover, &c. Passengers leaving Boston at 3 P.M., may take this line. G.W. WHISTLER, Engineer, G.W. WHISTLER, Engineer, 

