 The following thrilling story was related at a lecture by a distinguished abolitionist. A worthy apostle of liberty, J.M. Spear, touched me on the shoulder, and observed, 'this would be a fine subject for your Muse.' I have made an attempt to comply with the suggestion, but can find no language that will do justice to the tale as related by the eloquent Remond. The following thrilling story was related at a lecture by a distinguished abolitionist. A worthy apostle of liberty, J.M. Spear, touched me on the shoulder, and observed, 'this would be a fine subject for your Muse.' I have made an attempt to comply with the suggestion, but can find no language that will do justice to the tale as related by the eloquent Remond. Who is it that flies like the rush of the wind,O'er briar and brake, with the hunters behind?With looks of wild terror through forest and fanHe springs o'er the cataract deep in the glen.The hounds are at fault— he has baffled the snare!—Securely he lies in the catamount's lair.There panting, and thirsty, and hungry, and worn,Lies the fugitive slave who to freedom was born,*Concealed till the shadows of evening appear,When again through the forest he springs like the deer.He follows no path, but the bright Northern StarIs his lanthorn and guide on his journey afar.Victoria! he looks for protection to thee,While his heart is determined to die or live free.Oh Thou who art mighty to rescue and save,Give wing to the feet of the fugitive slave!The morning had dawn'd, e'er the bright lake he view'd,As panting for breath, by his hunters pursued,He sprang to the boat where the ferryman stood,But fainting, and speechless, and streaming with blood'The boatman, astonish'd, obey'd the mute sign:He sprang to his oars— he pull'd hard for the line;But hark! there's a cry from the land of the slave!Two horsemen are calling aloud e'er the wave.—'Return, on your life! you've our chattel on board!'But the boatman pull'd stronger, nor answer'd a word.He read his warm thanks in the fugitive's eye,As his boat skim'd the wave like a bird in the sky. Huzza for the slave! the keel strikes— he is free!Bless'd land! as he touch'd thee, he sank on his knee—His heart rose to heaven, his lips kiss'd the sod—'For freedom I thank thee, my Saviour, my God!' Who is it that flies like the rush of the wind,O'er briar and brake, with the hunters behind?With looks of wild terror through forest and fanHe springs o'er the cataract deep in the glen.The hounds are at fault— he has baffled the snare!—Securely he lies in the catamount's lair.There panting, and thirsty, and hungry, and worn,Lies the fugitive slave who to freedom was born,*Concealed till the shadows of evening appear,When again through the forest he springs like the deer.He follows no path, but the bright Northern StarIs his lanthorn and guide on his journey afar.Victoria! he looks for protection to thee,While his heart is determined to die or live free.Oh Thou who art mighty to rescue and save,Give wing to the feet of the fugitive slave!The morning had dawn'd, e'er the bright lake he view'd,As panting for breath, by his hunters pursued,He sprang to the boat where the ferryman stood,But fainting, and speechless, and streaming with blood'The boatman, astonish'd, obey'd the mute sign:He sprang to his oars— he pull'd hard for the line;But hark! there's a cry from the land of the slave!Two horsemen are calling aloud e'er the wave.—'Return, on your life! you've our chattel on board!'But the boatman pull'd stronger, nor answer'd a word.He read his warm thanks in the fugitive's eye,As his boat skim'd the wave like a bird in the sky.                             Huzza for the slave! Huzza for the slave! the keel strikes— he is free! free! Bless'd land! as he touch'd thee, he sank on his knee—His heart rose to heaven, his lips kiss'd the sod—'For freedom I thank thee, my Saviour, my God!'    * All men are born free and equal.— Jefferson. * All men are born free and equal.— Jefferson. Jefferson. 

 The late storm was uncommonly violent at Philadelphia, and farther South, commencing there on Saturday afternoon, and causing an immense destruction of property, and great loss of life. The rain began in Philadelphia with great violence, a little before 7 o'clock, and continued, with unabated fury, until a late hour at night. A short time had only elapsed, after it had begun falling in this manner, before the streets presented a flood of water, extending, north, and south, east and west. In some places where the currents met, high streams were thrown up to the height of four or five feet. In others, the water rushed onward in its impetuous course, sweeping every thing before it— overflowing cellars, and in some instances half filling rooms which were on a level with the street. A violent tornado occurred at the same time. The late storm was uncommonly violent at Philadelphia, and farther South, commencing there on Saturday afternoon, and causing an immense destruction of property, and great loss of life. The rain began in Philadelphia with great violence, a little before 7 o'clock, and continued, with unabated fury, until a late hour at night. A short time had only elapsed, after it had begun falling in this manner, before the streets presented a flood of water, extending, north, and south, east and west. In some places where the currents met, high streams were thrown up to the height of four or five feet. In others, the water rushed onward in its impetuous course, sweeping every thing before it— overflowing cellars, and in some instances half filling rooms which were on a level with the street. A violent tornado occurred at the same time. 

 Our readers will recollect that three weeks since we published a short extract of a letter from Alvan Stewart to the editor of the Liberty Press, in which Mr. S. expressed the hope, that voting abolitionists would not spend their time and money on amending the 'one hundred conventions' which Messrs. Collins, Remond, Douglass, and their coadjutors are advertised to hold, during the summer, in New-York and the Western States, because, from the well-known character of these men, and of the flag under which they fight, no good to the Liberty party would result from these Conventions. Mr. Stewart's letter has provoked the ire of Abby Kelley and she employs nearly two columns of the Liberty Press in giving vent thereto. She is especially indignant at him for saying of the gentlemen above-mentioned, that 'they are secretly opposed to voting and petitioning government to abolish slavery;' and she says the statement is entirely without foundation. We think this denial of Miss Kelley would astonish thousands in Massachusetts who have heard John A. Collins labor long and ingeniously to prove that all civil governments which recognized the principle of physical force, were of the devil, and that he who deposited a vote in an American ballot-box, was guilty of a crime worthy to be classed with slaveholding and murder— and who have heard Charles Lenox Remond struggle by the hour to prove that no abolitionist could consistently and innocently take office under the Constitution of the United States, and, therefore, no abolitionist could conscientiously vote to place a man in a position where he must necessarily commit that sin. We say, those who know these, and hundreds of similar facts, might have cause for astonishment at the denial of Miss Kelley— though some of us have become so accustomed to the chameleon, [ ] faced policy of certain 'non-voting abolitionists,' that we are not astonished at any attempt on their part to impose on the credulity of their hearers or readers. Indeed, such large draughts have been made on our astonishment by the sayings and doings of some of these non-voters, that our capital in the respect is clean gone, used up; and, therefore, of William Lloyd Garrison should assert that he had declared that voting was a sin of the deepest dye— or Wendell Phillips should affirm that he had never attempted to prove that the abolitionist should take office under the United States Constitution would be a dishonest man, and must commence his official career by committing perjury— or if John A. Collins, and C.L. Remond, and Federick Douglass, should asseverate that they had not asserted, and labored to prove to the satisfaction of scores of audiences in Massachusetts, that the Liberty party was immeasurably more wicked and corrupt than either the Whig or Democratic parties and that they would prefer Henry Clay or John C. Calhoun for President of the United States, is J.G. Birney— or, if either or all of these gentlemen should certify that nearly half the time of their Conventions in Massachusetts was not employed in denouncing the Liberty party, as a whole, and villifying particular members of it— or, if these gentlemen should unite with Miss Kelley in affirming that the abolitionists of Massachusetts who oppose the liberty party, have never been guilty of doubledealing; have never professed cordial friendship for the Liberty party in one section of the country, and in another dealt out their fierce anathemas against it; have never, in this particular, consulted the local public sentiment, and if found to be charged with poisonous virulence towards the Liberty party, added vigor to that poison by infusing into that public sentiment a deadly hatred of the objects and motives of leading men in that party— or if, on the other hand, the public mind in that vicinity should happen to be considerably impregnated with liberty, then so spread the sails of the no-government ship as to catch the favoring gale— or if these non-voters should deny that the chief object of the 'one hundred Conventions' is to cripple, and, if possible, destroy the Liberty party in New-York and the Western States, by engendering discord and division in the ranks of anti-slavery men, and thus, by preaching no-government, no-voting, no-property, no-clergy, no-church, no-Sabbath, no-Bible from abolition platforms, continue to grind the axe of universal reform, (to borrow Mr. Stewart's figure,) on the anti-slavery grindstone, with the Liberty party to turn— we say, if all these men and women should stoutly reform all these things, we should not be astonished— for Solomon long ago said, 'there is nothing new under the sun'— and who would be astonished at the repetition of an old trick? Our readers will recollect that three weeks since we published a short extract of a letter from Alvan Stewart to the editor of the Liberty Press, in which Mr. S. expressed the hope, that voting abolitionists would not spend their time and money on amending the 'one hundred conventions' which Messrs. Collins, Remond, Douglass, and their coadjutors are advertised to hold, during the summer, in New-York and the Western States, because, from the well-known character of these men, and of the flag under which they fight, no good to the Liberty party would result from these Conventions. Mr. Stewart's letter has provoked the ire of Abby Kelley and she employs nearly two columns of the Liberty Press in giving vent thereto. She is especially indignant at him for saying of the gentlemen above-mentioned, that 'they are secretly secretly opposed to voting and petitioning government to abolish slavery;' and she says the statement is entirely without foundation. We think this denial of Miss Kelley would astonish thousands in Massachusetts who have heard John A. Collins labor long and ingeniously to prove that all civil governments which recognized the principle of physical force, were of the devil, and that he who deposited a vote in an American ballot-box, was guilty of a crime worthy to be classed with slaveholding and murder— and who have heard Charles Lenox Remond struggle by the hour to prove that no abolitionist could consistently and innocently take office under the Constitution of the United States, and, therefore, no abolitionist could conscientiously vote to place a man in a position where he must necessarily commit that sin. We say, those who know these, and hundreds of similar facts, might have cause might have cause for astonishment at the denial of Miss Kelley— though some of us have become so accustomed to the chameleon, [ ] faced policy of certain 'non-voting abolitionists,' that we are not astonished at any attempt on their part to impose on the credulity of their hearers or readers. Indeed, such large draughts have been made on our astonishment by the sayings and doings of some of these non-voters, that our capital in the respect is clean gone, used up; and, therefore, of William Lloyd Garrison should assert that he had declared that voting was a sin of the deepest dye— or Wendell Phillips should affirm that he had never attempted to prove that the abolitionist should take office under the United States Constitution would be a dishonest man, and must commence his official career by committing perjury— or if John A. Collins, and C.L. Remond, and Federick Douglass, should asseverate that they had not asserted, and labored to prove to the satisfaction of scores of audiences in Massachusetts, that the Liberty party was immeasurably more wicked and corrupt than either the Whig or Democratic parties and that they would prefer Henry Clay or John C. Calhoun for President of the United States, is J.G. Birney— or, if either or all of these gentlemen should certify that nearly half the time of their Conventions in Massachusetts was not employed in denouncing the Liberty party, as a whole, and villifying particular members of it— or, if these gentlemen should unite with Miss Kelley in affirming that the abolitionists of Massachusetts who oppose the liberty party, have never been guilty of doubledealing; have never professed cordial friendship for the Liberty party in one section of the country, and in another dealt out their fierce anathemas against it; have never, in this particular, consulted the local public sentiment, and if found to be charged with poisonous virulence towards the Liberty party, added vigor to that poison by infusing into that public sentiment a deadly hatred of the objects and motives of leading men in that party— or if, on the other hand, the public mind in that vicinity should happen to be considerably impregnated with liberty, then so spread the sails of the no-government ship as to catch the favoring gale— or if these non-voters should deny that the chief object of the 'one hundred Conventions' is to cripple, and, if possible, destroy the Liberty party in New-York and the Western States, by engendering discord and division in the ranks of anti-slavery men, and thus, by preaching no-government, no-voting, no-property, no-clergy, no-church, no-Sabbath, no-Bible from abolition platforms, continue to grind the axe of universal reform, (to borrow Mr. Stewart's figure,) on the anti-slavery grindstone, with the Liberty party to turn— we say, if all these men and women should stoutly reform all these things, we we should not be astonished— for Solomon long ago said, 'there is nothing new under the sun'— and who would be astonished at the repetition of an old trick? A word about axes. We do not deny the right of Messrs. Collins, et. id omne genus, to push their no-government and no-property schemes, with all the vigor they can honorably command. But we deny that it is honest towards abolitionists, or generous towards the slave, to use anti-slavery Conventions called in apparent good faith, and attended by thousands in entire good faith, to the promotion of objects, either directly or indirectly, which were never disclosed in the call, but, on the contrary, are subversive of its avowed ends and aims. It was this kind of bad faith which created the necessity for the division in the ranks of Massachusetts abolitionists, which took place in 1839. Those of us who were toiling with singleness of purpose for the slave's redemption, turned the abolition grindstone with patience and perseverance, till the axes to be ground so increased in number and hardness, that we protested against their introduction upon the anti-slavery premises. Our protests being unheeded, when forbearance ceased to be a virtue, we abandoned this universal grindstone, purchased one of the old stamp, and have since done a fair business. The universal grinders, having become insolvent in Massachusetts, have migrated westward with their machinery. And we can assure our Liberty friends of that region, that if they consent to do the drudgery for their Eastern visitors, they will not only have an abundance of strange axes to grind, but, as a compensation for their labor, will be very apt, by and bye, to find their own noses in an uncomfortable proximity to the grindstone. A word about axes. We do not deny the right of Messrs. Collins, et. id omne genus, et. id omne genus, to push their no-government and no-property schemes, with all the vigor they can honorably command. But we deny that it is honest towards abolitionists, or generous towards the slave, to use anti-slavery Conventions called in apparent good faith, and attended by thousands in entire good faith, to the promotion of objects, either directly or indirectly, which were never disclosed in the call, but, on the contrary, are subversive of its avowed ends and aims. It was this kind of bad faith which created the necessity for the division in the ranks of Massachusetts abolitionists, which took place in 1839. Those of us who were toiling with singleness of purpose for the slave's redemption, turned the abolition grindstone with patience and perseverance, till the axes to be ground so increased in number and hardness, that we protested against their introduction upon the anti-slavery premises. Our protests being unheeded, when forbearance ceased to be a virtue, we abandoned this universal grindstone, purchased one of the old stamp, and have since done a fair business. The universal grinders, having become insolvent in Massachusetts, have migrated westward with their machinery. And we can assure our Liberty friends of that region, that if they consent to do the drudgery for their Eastern visitors, they will not only have an abundance of strange axes to grind, but, as a compensation for their labor, will be very apt, by and bye, to find their own noses in an uncomfortable proximity to the grindstone. Miss Kelley, speaking of the men who are to conduct these Conventions, says: Miss Kelley, speaking of the men who are to conduct these Conventions, says: 'He (Mr. S.) certainly is acquainted with the fact that George Bradburn stands among the first legislators in Massachusetts. His able reports and eloquent pleadings for crushed humanity, in the Massachusetts Legislature, have been long before Mr. Stewart. And to whom more than perhaps to many others, does Massachusetts owe the mammoth petitions she rolled up last winter to her State Legislature and to Congress To Collins, Remond, Douglass, and Monroe.' 'He (Mr. S.) certainly is acquainted with the fact that George Bradburn stands among the first legislators in Massachusetts. His able reports and eloquent pleadings for crushed humanity, in the Massachusetts Legislature, have been long before Mr. Stewart. And to whom more than perhaps to many others, does Massachusetts owe the mammoth petitions she rolled up last winter to her State Legislature and to Congress To Collins, Remond, Douglass, and Monroe.' The Board of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, in sketching the character and services of the men who are to manage the one hundred Conventions, says: The Board of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, in sketching the character and services of the men who are to manage the one hundred Conventions, says: 'George Bradburn, to whose uncompromising advocacy of the cause in the Legislature of Massachusetts, much of its progress in that body is to be ascribed,' &c. 'George Bradburn, to whose uncompromising advocacy of the cause in the Legislature of Massachusetts, much of its progress in that body is to be ascribed,' &c. Now, we take issue with Miss Kelley and the Board, on these assertions. We deny that George Bradburn 'stands among the first legislators of Massachusetts,' or that it is to his advocacy that the cause of the slave owes much of its progress in our Legislature. While we concede that Mr. B. possesses strong powers of mind, yet all know that his legislative career was so disfigured with exhibitions of doggedness, acerbity, dogmatism and arrogance, as to entirely destroy his influence in that body, and hazard the success of any measure which was so unfortunate as to receive his advocacy. Moreover, 'the cause' obtained not only a firm footing, but more than one signal victory in the Massachusetts Legislature, before Mr. B. was a member, and before he was heard of as an abolitionist. The error of the Board in this respect, is to be accounted for on the principle of the old adage, that 'some people's kittens are always catamounts.' Now, we take issue with Miss Kelley and the Board, on these assertions. We deny that George Bradburn 'stands among the first legislators of Massachusetts,' or that it is to his advocacy that the cause of the slave owes much of its progress in our Legislature. While we concede that Mr. B. possesses strong powers of mind, yet all know that his legislative career was so disfigured with exhibitions of doggedness, acerbity, dogmatism and arrogance, as to entirely destroy his influence in that body, and hazard the success of any measure which was so unfortunate as to receive his advocacy. Moreover, 'the cause' obtained not only a firm footing, but more than one signal victory in the Massachusetts Legislature, before Mr. B. was a member, and before he was heard of as an abolitionist. The error of the Board in this respect, is to be accounted for on the principle of the old adage, that 'some people's kittens are always catamounts.' Miss Kelley's compliment to Collins, Remond, Douglass, and Monroe, concerning the Latimer petitions, is bestowed at the expense of both truth and generosity. Collins, Remond, Douglass, and Monroe, the men to whom we are indebted for 'the mammoth petitions'! Preposterous! Sooner say that Virginia Gray was their author! So far as the nation is indebted to men for that outbreak of generous sympathy towards the hunted fugitive, which shook New-England to its centre, and made the Old Dominion quake, it is to BOWDITCH, CHANNING, and CABOT, the self-denying and even vigilant LATIMER COMMITTEE, that that debt is due; and that man or that woman who, to subserve the unholy purposes of a troublesome faction, would tear the laurels from their brows, deserves the reprehension of every honest and magnanimous mind. Miss Kelley's compliment to Collins, Remond, Douglass, and Monroe, concerning the Latimer petitions, is bestowed at the expense of both truth and generosity. Collins, Remond, Douglass, and Monroe, the men to whom we are indebted for 'the mammoth petitions'! Preposterous! Sooner say that Virginia Gray was their author! So far as the nation is indebted to men men for that outbreak of generous sympathy towards the hunted fugitive, which shook New-England to its centre, and made the Old Dominion quake, it is to BOWDITCH, CHANNING, and CABOT, the self-denying and even vigilant LATIMER COMMITTEE, that that debt is due; and that man or that woman who, to subserve the unholy purposes of a troublesome faction, would tear the laurels from their brows, deserves the reprehension of every honest and magnanimous mind. 

 High on a rock lashed by the plaintive wave,From far the mariner discerns a grave,Time has not yet the narrow stone defaced;But thorns and ivy have their tendrils bound,Beneath the verdant covering woven round,A broken sceptre's traced. High on a rock lashed by the plaintive wave,From far the mariner discerns a grave,Time has not yet the narrow stone defaced;But thorns and ivy have their tendrils bound,Beneath the verdant covering woven round,A broken sceptre's traced.      Here lies— without a name his relics rest,But 'tis in characters of blood impressedOn every conquered region of the world,On bronze and marble, on each bosom brave,And on the heart of every trembling slaveBeneath his chariot hurled. Here lies— without a name his relics rest,But 'tis in characters of blood impressedOn every conquered region of the world,On bronze and marble, on each bosom brave,And on the heart of every trembling slaveBeneath his chariot hurled.      Three little steps may measure the low mound,And not a murmur from the grave resound;The warrior may be spurned by rival's feet;Insects may buzz around that lofty brow;For his imperial shade hears only nowThe surge unceasing beat. Three little steps may measure the low mound,And not a murmur from the grave resound;The warrior may be spurned by rival's feet;Insects may buzz around that lofty brow;For his imperial shade hears only nowThe surge unceasing beat.      Proudly disdaining what the world admired,Dominion only his stern soul required;All obstacles, all foes his might o'ercame;Straight to the goal, swift as the winged dartFlew his command through a friend's warm heart,And reached its deadly aim. Proudly disdaining what the world admired,Dominion only his stern soul required;All obstacles, all foes his might o'ercame;Straight to the goal, swift as the winged dartFlew his command through a friend's warm heart,And reached its deadly aim.      Never to cheer him was the banquet spread,Nor wine all crimson in the goblet shed;Streams of another purple pleased his eye;Fixed as the soldier watching braced in arms,He had no smiles for gentle beauty's charms,Nor for her tears a sigh. Never to cheer him was the banquet spread,Nor wine all crimson in the goblet shed;Streams of another purple pleased his eye;Fixed as the soldier watching braced in arms,He had no smiles for gentle beauty's charms,Nor for her tears a sigh.      His joys were clang of arms, the battle-peal,The flash of morning on the polished steel;His hand alone caressed his war-horse fleet,Whilst like a wind the white descending maneFurrowed the bloody dust, and all the slainLay crushed beneath his feet. His joys were clang of arms, the battle-peal,The flash of morning on the polished steel;His hand alone caressed his war-horse fleet,Whilst like a wind the white descending maneFurrowed the bloody dust, and all the slainLay crushed beneath his feet.      To be the thought and life of a whole age;To blunt the poignard— enmity assuage—To shake, and then establish tottering state;And by the lightning his own cannons pour,To win the game of empires o'er and o'er,—Proud dream!— resplendent fate! To be the thought and life of a whole age;To blunt the poignard— enmity assuage—To shake, and then establish tottering state;And by the lightning his own cannons pour,To win the game of empires o'er and o'er,—Proud dream!— resplendent fate!      'Tis said that in his last long dying moan,Before eternity subdued alone,A troubled glance did up to Heaven ascendThat mercy's sign had touched the scornful man,That his proud life a holy name began,Began— but dared not end! 'Tis said that in his last long dying moan,Before eternity subdued alone,A troubled glance did up to Heaven ascendThat mercy's sign had touched the scornful man,That his proud life a holy name began,Began— but dared not end!      Complete the word!— pronounce the sacred Name;Our deeds and heroes are not weighed the same.God pardons or condemns, He crowns, He reigns;Speak without dread,— He comprehends thy thought,Tyrants or slaves each to account are broughtFor sceptres, or for chains! Complete the word!— pronounce the sacred Name;Our deeds and heroes are not weighed the same.God pardons or condemns, He crowns, He reigns;Speak without dread,— He comprehends thy thought,Tyrants or slaves each to account are broughtFor sceptres, or for chains!      

 We learn from the Liberator that Anti-Slavery Conventions and Social Reform Conventions are to be held in Ohio, as follows. We place them in parallel columns. We learn from the Liberator that Anti-Slavery Conventions and Social Reform Conventions are to be held in Ohio, as follows. We place them in parallel columns. (Then follows an elaborate comparison of the appointments of the Conventions by the Ohio and American, or rather Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Societies, and a list of appointments of inquiry and reform meetings, showing that, in a few instances, the same persons who are prominent advocates of the abolition of slavery, are also of opinion that other reforms are needed, and have called Conventions in the same towns in which anti-slavery Conventions are appointed. ('Must'nt enter our rural parishes.'— Ukase of the pro-slavery ministry)) (Then follows an elaborate comparison of the appointments of the Conventions by the Ohio and American, or rather Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Societies, and a list of appointments of inquiry and reform meetings, showing that, in a few instances, the same persons who are prominent advocates of the abolition of slavery, are also of opinion that other reforms are needed, and have called Conventions in the same towns in which anti-slavery Conventions are appointed. ('Must'nt enter our rural parishes.'— Ukase of the pro-slavery ministry Ukase of the pro-slavery ministry )) There is now lying before us, in letter form, a long and earnest circular appeal to abolitionists for FUNDS to sustain Messrs. COLLINS, FERRIS, and others, while holding the anti-slavery Conventions in Ohio, and elsewhere. The appeal is signed by six prominent abolitionists of Boston, in behalf of the Board of Managers of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. It pronounces a high eulogium on 'the great executive ability and noble disinteredness of our General Agent, JOHN A. COLLINS,' and assures all who shall read the appeal, that 'the well-known energy and experience of Mr. Collins is a sufficient guaranty of the manner in which the Conventions will be got up,' &c. It compliments JACOB FERRIS as the man 'who has done so much by the devotion of his great powers to advance the cause in Western New-York,' &c. The appeal says, 'We especially urge upon you to collect immediately, as much as you can, and remit it, if it be but a single dollar. We must have money at once to get the agents into the field,' &c. There is now lying before us, in letter form, a long and earnest circular appeal to abolitionists for FUNDS to sustain Messrs. COLLINS, FERRIS, and others, while holding the anti-slavery Conventions in Ohio, and elsewhere. The appeal is signed by six prominent abolitionists of Boston, in behalf of the Board of Managers of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. It pronounces a high eulogium on 'the great executive ability and noble disinteredness of our General Agent, JOHN A. COLLINS,' and assures all who shall read the appeal, that 'the well-known energy and experience of Mr. Collins is a sufficient guaranty of the manner in which the Conventions will be got up of the manner in which the Conventions will be got up ,' &c. It compliments JACOB FERRIS as the man 'who has done so much by the devotion of his great powers to advance the cause in Western New-York,' &c. The appeal says, 'We especially urge upon you to collect immediately, immediately, as much as you can, and remit it, if it be but a single dollar. We must have money at once to get the agents into the field,' &c. Now, it strikes us as rather queer, that while Messrs. Collins and Ferris are holding Conventions in New-York and Ohio, to disprove the right of 'individual property,' prominent abolitionists in Boston should appeal most earnestly to our citizens to place in their hands 'property' to pay the salaries and defray the expenses of the said Collins and Ferris, while holding the aforesaid Conventions. We can conceive of only one thing queerer; and that is, that there should be found men and women, believing in the right . . . contribute money for such a purpose, after becoming acquainted with the objects to which it is devoted. Now, it strikes us as rather queer, rather queer, that while Messrs. Collins and Ferris are holding Conventions in New-York and Ohio, to disprove the right of 'individual property,' prominent abolitionists in Boston should appeal most earnestly to our citizens to place in their hands 'property' to pay the salaries and defray the expenses of the said Collins and Ferris, while holding the aforesaid Conventions. We can conceive of only one thing queerer; queerer; and that is, that there should be found men and women, believing in the right . . . contribute money for such a purpose, after becoming acquainted with the objects to which it is devoted. 

 Jesus, there is no dearer name than thine,Which Time has blazoned on his ample scroll:No wreaths nor garlands ever did entwineSo fair a Temple, or so vast a Soul.Ay, every angel set his comely sealUpon thy brow, and gave each human grace,In a sweet copy Heaven to reveal,And stamp perfection on a mortal face.Once on the earth, before dull mortal eyes,Which could not half thy sacred radiance see,(E'en as the emmet cannot read the skies,)For our weak orbs reach not Immensity,Once on the earth wast THOU a living shrine,Where shone the Good, the Lovely, the Divine. Jesus, there is no dearer name than thine,Which Time has blazoned on his ample scroll:No wreaths nor garlands ever did entwineSo fair a Temple, or so vast a Soul.Ay, every angel set his comely sealUpon thy brow, and gave each human grace,In a sweet copy Heaven to reveal,And stamp perfection on a mortal face.Once on the earth, before dull mortal eyes,Which could not half thy sacred radiance see,(E'en as the emmet cannot read the skies,)For our weak orbs reach not Immensity,Once on the earth wast THOU a living shrine,Where shone the Good, the Lovely, the Divine.              

 How does it become us, as men and as Christians, to honor our fathers and the great principles they asserted? Is it by peals of artillery? by military displays? by vaingloriously dwelling upon our privileges, withought a thought of our obligations? Shall we unite in the boast, so glaringly false, that this is a land of universal freedom? Shall we shut our eyes to the fact that nearly as many human beings as this country contained sixty-seven years ago are now living on our soil in a state of bondage and ignorance, so entire, that it is continually asserted of them that they prefer chains to freedom? Away with this gross self-delusion! Our false and hollow declamations are an insult to freedom. Our hymns of National rejoicing are a mockery and a blasphemy in her ears, and our consciences are seared, if we are not cut to the heart, at the contemplation of this gross inconsistency. What claim has that to be honored as patriotism, which can consent that our country should be disgraced by the exhibition of such a flagrant insensibility to common justice and humanity? If with a manly honesty we look upon our country as it is; if, while we gaze upon its glory, which is great, we do not turn away our eyes from its shame, which is also great; if we remember how its beauty is marred, and its influence among the nations abridged by the foul blot of slavery, then we honor the sacred principles which we would commemorate— How does it become us, as men and as Christians, to honor our fathers and the great principles they asserted? Is it by peals of artillery? by military displays? by vaingloriously dwelling upon our privileges, withought a thought of our obligations? Shall we unite in the boast, so glaringly false, that this is a land of universal freedom? Shall we shut our eyes to the fact that nearly as many human beings as this country contained sixty-seven years ago are now living on our soil in a state of bondage and ignorance, so entire, that it is continually asserted of them that they prefer chains to freedom? Away with this gross self-delusion! Our false and hollow declamations are an insult to freedom. Our hymns of National rejoicing are a mockery and a blasphemy in her ears, and our consciences are seared, if we are not cut to the heart, at the contemplation of this gross inconsistency. What claim has that to be honored as patriotism, which can consent that our country should be disgraced by the exhibition of such a flagrant insensibility to common justice and humanity? If with a manly honesty we look upon our country as it is; if, while we gaze upon its glory, which is great, we do not turn away our eyes from its shame, which is also great; if we remember how its beauty is marred, and its influence among the nations abridged by the foul blot of slavery, then we honor the sacred principles which we would commemorate— I. By gratitude to God that the principle has been so solemnly avowed by our fathers. Yes, my friends, let us thank God for the Declaration of Independence. We have reason to believe that it was drawn up in an honest love of liberty. For in the original draft of it, it was expressly set down as one reason justifying a secession from the British crown, that the mother country had forced slavery upon our soil. It is true, this item of complaint was stricken out, and it does not appear in the Declaration which was adopted and proclaimed. Still, that it was originally introduced, shows what the spirit of that day was. And although the Declaration has been, and still is, to a melancholy degree, a dead letter; yet for the letter we may well be thankful. That is something to be grateful for. By it we are irretrievably committed to the cause of universal emancipation. The country has given to the world its written bond and pledge; and it professes, by every annual celebration of the publication of that pledge, to glory in it. We may repudiate our commercial obligations, and resolve to face the dishonor. But the word we have given to the holy cause of liberty, we must redeem. In tones growing every year and every day more and more loud, the world is holding us to our word. Through the ten thousand avenues of the press, by the united voices of all literature, and religion, and civilization, the inconsistency of which we are guilty is charged home upon us; and as God liveth, we shall feel it ourselves more and more, until we can endure it no longer, or we must tear the great Declaration into atoms, and obliterate its remembrance from the minds of men. Thank God! the country is beginning to feel it. Wise and good men have been raised with the spirit which the country so boastfully professes to honor, 'the spirit of 76,' and eloquent voices have been heard, and eloquent pens busy, in behalf of the sacred principle of the Declaration of Independence; and the spirit by which they are inspired, they have diffused; and the friends of a broad and consistent freedom, who hope, and pray, and labor, for the abolition of slavery, are now numbered by thousands and tens of thousands; and State Legislatures, which a little while ago would not entertain the subject, have made deliberate and full protests against the great disgrace and sin of the land. At all events, the subject is up. Public attention is in the slow, but steady process of being concentrated upon it. And is not this a thing to be grateful for? For how else, but through the awakened intellect, and conscience, and will of the whole country, is this confessedly sore evil to be got rid of? There is no other way of deliverance under heaven, and here is a way; the human will, honestly and bravely put to the effort, will, with the blessing of Heaven, insure a final and glorious triumph; and I say it becomes us, in view of the approaching festival, to thank God for the declaration of human rights made by our fathers. Blinded by love of ease and self-interest, and long familiarity with the great evil, we may be dull and slow of heart to take in the full import, and admit the full application of that noble declaration, yet the public opinion of the world, expressed through all the abounding facilities of the press, will ring it by and by in our ears, with a voice to awake the dead. I. By gratitude to God that the principle has been so solemnly avowed by our fathers. Yes, my friends, let us thank God for the Declaration of Independence. We have reason to believe that it was drawn up in an honest love of liberty. For in the original draft of it, it was expressly set down as one reason justifying a secession from the British crown, that the mother country had forced slavery upon our soil. It is true, this item of complaint was stricken out, and it does not appear in the Declaration which was adopted and proclaimed. Still, that it was originally introduced, shows what the spirit of that day was. And although the Declaration has been, and still is, to a melancholy degree, a dead letter; yet for the letter we may well be thankful. That is something to be grateful for. By it we are irretrievably committed to the cause of universal emancipation. The country has given to the world its written bond and pledge; and it professes, by every annual celebration of the publication of that pledge, to glory in it. We may repudiate our commercial obligations, and resolve to face the dishonor. But the word we have given to the holy cause of liberty, we must redeem. In tones growing every year and every day more and more loud, the world is holding us to our word. Through the ten thousand avenues of the press, by the united voices of all literature, and religion, and civilization, the inconsistency of which we are guilty is charged home upon us; and as God liveth, we shall feel it ourselves more and more, until we can endure it no longer, or we must tear the great Declaration into atoms, and obliterate its remembrance from the minds of men. Thank God! the country is beginning to feel it. Wise and good men have been raised with the spirit which the country so boastfully professes to honor, 'the spirit of 76,' and eloquent voices have been heard, and eloquent pens busy, in behalf of the sacred principle of the Declaration of Independence; and the spirit by which they are inspired, they have diffused; and the friends of a broad and consistent freedom, who hope, and pray, and labor, for the abolition of slavery, are now numbered by thousands and tens of thousands; and State Legislatures, which a little while ago would not entertain the subject, have made deliberate and full protests against the great disgrace and sin of the land. At all events, the subject is up. Public attention is in the slow, but steady process of being concentrated upon it. And is not this a thing to be grateful for? For how else, but through the awakened intellect, and conscience, and will of the whole country, is this confessedly sore evil to be got rid of? There is no other way of deliverance under heaven, and here is a way; the human will, honestly and bravely put to the effort, will, with the blessing of Heaven, insure a final and glorious triumph; and I say it becomes us, in view of the approaching festival, to thank God for the declaration of human rights made by our fathers. Blinded by love of ease and self-interest, and long familiarity with the great evil, we may be dull and slow of heart to take in the full import, and admit the full application of that noble declaration, yet the public opinion of the world, expressed through all the abounding facilities of the press, will ring it by and by in our ears, with a voice to awake the dead. II. With gratitude to God for the day and the deed which we celebrate, it becomes us at this season to approach the altar of our country with new proffers of service, new vows of self-consecration to the cause of human freedom. But here I am instantly met with the Inquiry, 'But what have we to do with slavery? We have no slaves here.' My friends, you err. There are slaves here. There are slaves here, do I say? Where shall we find a freeman? Where shall we find a man who fully deserves to be entitled free? 'He who committeth sin, is the servant, the slave of sin.' We are in bondage— none the less grievous because we are insensible of it— to our selfish passions, to our wilful prejudices, to our low and worldly inclinations. By these we are imprisoned, tortured, fettered; and the clanking of our chains, although they are invisible to us, is heard by the angels. It sounds in the ear of God. And it is not the domestic slavery of the South, but the domestic, personal slavery at the North, which we have an immediate concern in abolishing. It is to this point that I would now direct your attention. II. With gratitude to God for the day and the deed which we celebrate, it becomes us at this season to approach the altar of our country with new proffers of service, new vows of self-consecration to the cause of human freedom. But here I am instantly met with the Inquiry, 'But what have we to do with slavery? We have no slaves here.' My friends, you err. There are slaves here. There are slaves here, do I say? Where shall we find a freeman? Where shall we find a man who fully deserves to be entitled free? 'He who committeth sin, is the servant, the slave of sin.' We are in bondage— none the less grievous because we are insensible of it— to our selfish passions, to our wilful prejudices, to our low and worldly inclinations. By these we are imprisoned, tortured, fettered; and the clanking of our chains, although they are invisible to us, is heard by the angels. It sounds in the ear of God. And it is not the domestic slavery of the South, but the domestic, personal slavery at the North, which we have an immediate concern in abolishing. It is to this point that I would now direct your attention. It is true, were we really free here at the North, were there no chains upon our minds, upon our souls, there would be none on the body of the southern slave. And I do not mean to imply, that if we were free, we should instantly march to the liberation of the slaves at the South. No, my friends; we should not stir from the spot. The holy spirit of freedom, glowing over all the North, would catch and kindle the heart of every slaveholder at the South, and he himself would instantly break the rod of oppression, and let the oppressed go free. The spirit of opposition to slavery, which is now beginning to appear at the North, has not, indeed, yet had this effect upon the South, because it is faint and small, and is not yet understood. It is misrepresented; and they who are most prominent in expressing and awakening this spirit, are confounded with enthusiasts and fanatics. But the world has always been slow to recognize its true friends. It has always treated them at first as its enemies. But the time of recognition will come— nothing can stop it— when truth, and humanity, and the holy love of freedom, shall be seen as they are; and then all hearts will be captivated by their divine majesty, and all, in whose bosoms the least ingenuousness still lingers, will leap to lift up those whom they have oppressed, and to break the chains which they themselves have forged. It is true, were we really free here at the North, were there no chains upon our minds, upon our souls, there would be none on the body of the southern slave. And I do not mean to imply, that if we were free, we should instantly march to the liberation of the slaves at the South. No, my friends; we should not stir from the spot. The holy spirit of freedom, glowing over all the North, would catch and kindle the heart of every slaveholder at the South, and he himself would instantly break the rod of oppression, and let the oppressed go free. The spirit of opposition to slavery, which is now beginning to appear at the North, has not, indeed, yet had this effect upon the South, because it is faint and small, and is not yet understood. It is misrepresented; and they who are most prominent in expressing and awakening this spirit, are confounded with enthusiasts and fanatics. But the world has always been slow to recognize its true friends. It has always treated them at first as its enemies. But the time of recognition will come— nothing can stop it— when truth, and humanity, and the holy love of freedom, shall be seen as they are; and then all hearts will be captivated by their divine majesty, and all, in whose bosoms the least ingenuousness still lingers, will leap to lift up those whom they have oppressed, and to break the chains which they themselves have forged. As it is, the North stands guardian and protector of the slavery of the South. Being ourselves in bondage to a host of ignorant prejudices and fallacies, we throw a broad shield of extenuation over this horrible wrong. We do all we can to soften and hide its worst features. We condemn it in the abstract, but in fact, we justify it; and the prevailing feeling among us is, that not the plea of right, but the plea of necessity, not God, but fate, is omnipotent. The influence of the North sides with slavery. And thus we are guilty of a positive and unauthorized interference with the South. We interfere with the sacred rights of humanity. The public opinion of the North goes between the master and the slave; and we help to defraud the latter of his property— his property in himself— his inalienable rights. We have yet to learn the principle of non-interference. Let us labor first and chiefly, then, for our own emancipation. I do not ask you to liberate the southern slave. Let us free ourselves; and then, by the steady, almost involuntary force of reason, truth, and freedom, illustrated in our words, and in our whole manner of [ ], the masters will become free, and, as an instant and certain consequences, their slaves. As it is, the North stands guardian and protector of the slavery of the South. Being ourselves in bondage to a host of ignorant prejudices and fallacies, we throw a broad shield of extenuation over this horrible wrong. We do all we can to soften and hide its worst features. We condemn it in the abstract, but in fact, we justify it; and the prevailing feeling among us is, that not the plea of right, but the plea of necessity, not God, but fate, is omnipotent. The influence of the North sides with slavery. And thus we are guilty of a positive and unauthorized interference with the South. We interfere with the sacred rights of humanity. The public opinion of the North goes between the master and the slave; and we help to defraud the latter of his property— his property in himself— his inalienable rights. We have yet to learn the principle of non-interference. Let us labor first and chiefly, then, for our own emancipation. I do not ask you to liberate the southern slave. Let us free ourselves; and then, by the steady, almost involuntary force of reason, truth, and freedom, illustrated in our words, and in our whole manner of [ ], the masters will become free, and, as an instant and certain consequences, their slaves. Let me mention some of the fallacies by which our minds are fettered, and we are defrauded of our liberty. Let me mention some of the fallacies by which our minds are fettered, and we are defrauded of our liberty. In the first place, we continually allow ourselves to talk and argue as if there were such a thing as a right of property in human flesh; as if one human being could belong to another, as his horse or his dog belongs to him. But there is no more ground for such a right, than there is for a right to steal, or commit murder. The law may assert such a right; but all the laws of man cannot make that right, which is wrong by the law of God. Can it be right to appropriate to ourselves another man's money? But his personal liberty is a possession indescribably sacred; and shall we claim a right of property in that? So careful were the framers of the Constitution of these United States in this particular, that Mr. Madison tells us that particular pains were taken so to frame the language of that instrument, that it should not appear, in the remotest manner, to give countenance to the idea of a moral right of property in man. We are in bondage to a vague and false idea of the authority of human institutions, when we allow them to make of none effect the commandment of God written on the heart, and declared by our fathers as the fundamental law of national independence. We may question, and argue, and entangle ourselves in all manner of sophistry, but still every man knows in his soul that he has a right, given him by his Maker, to himself, which cannot be claimed by another man, and of which he cannot be justly deprived, through the mere accident of his color, or his birth. And if one man has this right, all other men have it. We are not free, so long as our recognition of this right is not clear, deep, and habitual. In the first place, we continually allow ourselves to talk and argue as if there were such a thing as a right of property in human flesh; as if one human being could belong to another, as his horse or his dog belongs to him. But there is no more ground for such a right, than there is for a right to steal, or commit murder. The law may assert such a right; but all the laws of man cannot make that right, which is wrong by the law of God. Can it be right to appropriate to ourselves another man's money? But his personal liberty is a possession indescribably sacred; and shall we claim a right of property in that? So careful were the framers of the Constitution of these United States in this particular, that Mr. Madison tells us that particular pains were taken so to frame the language of that instrument, that it should not appear, in the remotest manner, to give countenance to the idea of a moral right of property in man. We are in bondage to a vague and false idea of the authority of human institutions, when we allow them to make of none effect the commandment of God written on the heart, and declared by our fathers as the fundamental law of national independence. We may question, and argue, and entangle ourselves in all manner of sophistry, but still every man knows in his soul that he has a right, given him by his Maker, to himself, which cannot be claimed by another man, and of which he cannot be justly deprived, through the mere accident of his color, or his birth. And if one man has this right, all other men have it. We are not free, so long as our recognition of this right is not clear, deep, and habitual. Do not suppose, that when I pronounce the laws unjust and immoral, which pretend to give a right of property in man, that I mean to advocate their violation by force. I declare only that we are bound to obey God rather than man; and obedience to God's law never requires us to break human laws by violence. It is true, our fathers, whom we honor, maintained the right of forcible resistance to unjust and oppressive laws. They were, in this respect, no wiser than their time. But Christianity condemns the use of all weapons but those of reason and of right; and in these we may repose a boundless confidence. Do not suppose, that when I pronounce the laws unjust and immoral, which pretend to give a right of property in man, that I mean to advocate their violation by force. I declare only that we are bound to obey God rather than man; and obedience to God's law never requires us to break human laws by violence. It is true, our fathers, whom we honor, maintained the right of forcible resistance to unjust and oppressive laws. They were, in this respect, no wiser than their time. But Christianity condemns the use of all weapons but those of reason and of right; and in these we may repose a boundless confidence. But again. Another chain upon our souls is the idea, so widely entertained, and so often expressed, that it is a violation of the Constitution even so much as to discuss the subject of slavery. My friends, what is the main purpose of the Constitution, but to secure personal freedom, and especially the liberty of opinion and speech? So sacredly does it regard these principles, that it does expressly provide for alterations of itself, and directs the way and manner in which alterations may be effected. 'Ah!' but it is said, 'alter the Constitution, if you wish to get rid of slavery; but do not discuss and agitate the subject.' But what mockery is this! to talk about altering the Constitution, without previously attempting to alter the public mind! The Constitution is the expression of the mind and will of the country. And a change must be wrought in the opinions and sentiments of the country, before any change of the Constitution can be attempted. And how is the public mind to be influenced, but by discussion, by freedom of opinion and speech? In a case like this, in which the most sacred moral principles are involved— the great social law of Christianity— you may justly look to the Church to be forward in the formation of an enlightened, christian public opinion. It is its plain duty. But we all help to make up public opinion. The mother, in her still, domestic retreat, is daily and hourly forming the men of the next generation, and she has a duty to discharge which she cannot evade— a duty which she owes not only to herself and her children, but to the Constitution itself— the spirit of which is grossly violated, so long as we remain wilfully ignorant and insensible in reference to this momentous subject of slavery. But again. Another chain upon our souls is the idea, so widely entertained, and so often expressed, that it is a violation of the Constitution even so much as to discuss the subject of slavery. My friends, what is the main purpose of the Constitution, but to secure personal freedom, and especially the liberty of opinion and speech? So sacredly does it regard these principles, that it does expressly provide for alterations of itself, and directs the way and manner in which alterations may be effected. 'Ah!' but it is said, 'alter the Constitution, if you wish to get rid of slavery; but do not discuss and agitate the subject.' But what mockery is this! to talk about altering the Constitution, without previously attempting to alter the public mind! The Constitution is the expression of the mind and will of the country. And a change must be wrought in the opinions and sentiments of the country, before any change of the Constitution can be attempted. And how is the public mind to be influenced, but by discussion, by freedom of opinion and speech? In a case like this, in which the most sacred moral principles are involved— the great social law of Christianity— you may justly look to the Church to be forward in the formation of an enlightened, christian public opinion. It is its plain duty. But we all help to make up public opinion. The mother, in her still, domestic retreat, is daily and hourly forming the men of the next generation, and she has a duty to discharge which she cannot evade— a duty which she owes not only to herself and her children, but to the Constitution itself— the spirit of which is grossly violated, so long as we remain wilfully ignorant and insensible in reference to this momentous subject of slavery. Another palpable error which has long held despotic away over the mind of the North, is the idea that the discussion of this subject endangers the continuance of our glorious Union; that Union which the father of our country has so earnestly enjoined upon us to cherish. My brethren, it is the existence of slavery that endangers the Union. Endangers the Union! It has already all but destroyed the Union, which exists now only in name. The South shows how abhorrent to all the principles of our civil fabric is the slavery which she harbors in her bosom; and she watches over it with a keen and jealous eye; and there is now a great gulf of suspicion and distrust between the two great portions of our land. There is no affection or confidence. This dread curse hangs over the country, and poisons the fountains of our social intercourse, and obstructs the righteous administration of affairs, and brings the worth of our institutions into question. The Church trembles and bows before it. It dishonors the hall of our national legislature. It has led to gross and reiterated violations of the Constitution. Another palpable error which has long held despotic away over the mind of the North, is the idea that the discussion of this subject endangers the continuance of our glorious Union; that Union which the father of our country has so earnestly enjoined upon us to cherish. My brethren, it is the existence of slavery that endangers the Union. Endangers the Union! It has already all but destroyed the Union, which exists now only in name. The South shows how abhorrent to all the principles of our civil fabric is the slavery which she harbors in her bosom; and she watches over it with a keen and jealous eye; and there is now a great gulf of suspicion and distrust between the two great portions of our land. There is no affection or confidence. This dread curse hangs over the country, and poisons the fountains of our social intercourse, and obstructs the righteous administration of affairs, and brings the worth of our institutions into question. The Church trembles and bows before it. It dishonors the hall of our national legislature. It has led to gross and reiterated violations of the Constitution. In the fourth place, we are deluded and kept in bondage by the false and unworthy notion that the physical comfort and apparent contentment of the enslaved, compensate them for the loss of their inalienable rights as men. How can we bear to hear the matter argued thus; to hear those who profess to be freemen, and the sons of freemen, insisting that slaves are comfortable and happy? What if they are happy? Are they not slaves? And if they are content to be slaves, are they not degraded to the uttermost? If we are free, we should never dream of thinking that any amount of physical comfort could atone for the loss of personal freedom. Our fathers looked upon a trifling tax as an intolerable wrong, because it was the infringement of a sacred principle; and the faintest show of injustice and oppression they resisted unto blood, holding life and all its comforts hateful, without personal freedom. As we venerate their memory, let us break the chain which an inordinate love of bodily ease has fastened upon our understandings and our hearts; and let us no more be heard speaking as if it were of no importance whether men be free, if they are only comfortably provided for, and have enough to eat and drink. Such a mode of speaking indicates the very spirit of a slave; and the political liberties of that people are worthless, who show that they consider physical well-being the highest good of life. They are ready to put on the chains of any master who will promise to keep them well fed. In the fourth place, we are deluded and kept in bondage by the false and unworthy notion that the physical comfort and apparent contentment of the enslaved, compensate them for the loss of their inalienable rights as men. How can we bear to hear the matter argued thus; to hear those who profess to be freemen, and the sons of freemen, insisting that slaves are comfortable and happy? What if they are happy? Are they not slaves? And if they are content to be slaves, are they not degraded to the uttermost? If we are free, we should never dream of thinking that any amount of physical comfort could atone for the loss of personal freedom. Our fathers looked upon a trifling tax as an intolerable wrong, because it was the infringement of a sacred principle; and the faintest show of injustice and oppression they resisted unto blood, holding life and all its comforts hateful, without personal freedom. As we venerate their memory, let us break the chain which an inordinate love of bodily ease has fastened upon our understandings and our hearts; and let us no more be heard speaking as if it were of no importance whether men be free, if they are only comfortably provided for, and have enough to eat and drink. Such a mode of speaking indicates the very spirit of a slave; and the political liberties of that people are worthless, who show that they consider physical well-being the highest good of life. They are ready to put on the chains of any master who will promise to keep them well fed. Once more, we betray our spiritual bondage, when we urge against the cry for instant justice to the injured, for instant mercy to the oppressed, that the victims of oppression must first be prepared for freedom— that they must be first educated. The suggestion involves a gross absurdity. It is as if a man had kept another human being bound hand and foot from his birth, on the floor of his house, and his neighbor were to go in and beg him for mercy's sake to unbind the poor creature, and he were to reply, 'How can I loosen the cords which bind him? He does not know how to use his limbs. If his limbs were set free, he might toss them about in such a way as to injure himself and us. No; he must be taught how to use his arms and his feet, before they are unbound.' As if such a thing were possible! Freedom is the preparation, indispensable . . . cannot educate men, unless they are first treated as men, as responsible beings. You must give them the motives of men, if they are to be inspired with the ambition of moral and intellectual improvement. Once more, we betray our spiritual bondage, when we urge against the cry for instant justice to the injured, for instant mercy to the oppressed, that the victims of oppression must first be prepared for freedom— that they must be first educated. The suggestion involves a gross absurdity. It is as if a man had kept another human being bound hand and foot from his birth, on the floor of his house, and his neighbor were to go in and beg him for mercy's sake to unbind the poor creature, and he were to reply, 'How can I loosen the cords which bind him? He does not know how to use his limbs. If his limbs were set free, he might toss them about in such a way as to injure himself and us. No; he must be taught how to use his arms and his feet, before they are unbound.' As if such a thing were possible! Freedom is the preparation, indispensable . . . cannot educate men, unless they are first treated as men, as responsible beings. You must give them the motives of men, if they are to be inspired with the ambition of moral and intellectual improvement. And this leads me to remark that men talk of the emancipation of the enslaved, as if this were the last boon that we could bestow on them— as if by the bestowment of this gift, our obligations to them were cancelled, and we had nothing more to do. My friends, this is but the first step in the path of justice and mercy. The simple fact is, that there is in the bosom of our land a large multitude of human beings, in a state of abject bondage; and they are so through our influence, through the force of the public opinion of the land, which authorises and justifies the continuance of this evil— which positively resists every effort towards its removal, and will scarcely permit it to be discussed. Our plain duty, then, is to draw back the hands which are extended to support and protect this great injustice; to cease from our interference with the most sacred right of property; to arrest the current of opinion and sentiment, which, coming from the North, upholds the lawfulness of holding men in bondage. Let us only do this— let us only be true to the sacred dictates of justice and humanity, and how soon would all chains vanish from our land! But further, we profess a religion which en[ ]joins all offices of mercy as the first and highest of duties. Christianity came to liberate the captive— to bring glad tidings to the poor. And it is the indispensable qualification of a disciple of Christ, that he should cherish the same spirit. The ignorant and degraded must be enlightened and lifted up. And this leads me to remark that men talk of the emancipation of the enslaved, as if this were the last boon that we could bestow on them— as if by the bestowment of this gift, our obligations to them were cancelled, and we had nothing more to do. My friends, this is but the first step in the path of justice and mercy. The simple fact is, that there is in the bosom of our land a large multitude of human beings, in a state of abject bondage; and they are so through our influence, through the force of the public opinion of the land, which authorises and justifies the continuance of this evil— which positively resists every effort towards its removal, and will scarcely permit it to be discussed. Our plain duty, then, is to draw back the hands which are extended to support and protect this great injustice; to cease from our interference with the most sacred right of property; to arrest the current of opinion and sentiment, which, coming from the North, upholds the lawfulness of holding men in bondage. Let us only do this— let us only be true to the sacred dictates of justice and humanity, and how soon would all chains vanish from our land! But further, we profess a religion which en[ ]joins all offices of mercy as the first and highest of duties. Christianity came to liberate the captive— to bring glad tidings to the poor. And it is the indispensable qualification of a disciple of Christ, that he should cherish the same spirit. The ignorant and degraded must be enlightened and lifted up. To what a glorious office of christian charity does the providence of God summon the people of this land! At this season, when the glorious recollections of the past gather round us; when we are carried back to that period which saw men rising above all considerations of personal ease, pledging their lives, and fortunes, and sacred honor, to the support of a great principle, may we not hope that that good old time will come again? And then, too, when the principle of right is honored and applied among us, and the poorest and most abject rejoice under its broad protection, how like a star, how like a sun, shall this country shine and burn, sending the light of hope and freedom across the earth! It shall be as the mount of God, the excellency and joy of the whole world. O God, lead on that day of heaven! Let thy kingdom come in our hearts, the dominion of truth, of holiness, of freedom, and thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven! To what a glorious office of christian charity does the providence of God summon the people of this land! At this season, when the glorious recollections of the past gather round us; when we are carried back to that period which saw men rising above all considerations of personal ease, pledging their lives, and fortunes, and sacred honor, to the support of a great principle, may we not hope that that good old time will come again? And then, too, when the principle of right is honored and applied among us, and the poorest and most abject rejoice under its broad protection, how like a star, how like a sun, shall this country shine and burn, sending the light of hope and freedom across the earth! It shall be as the mount of God, the excellency and joy of the whole world. O God, lead on that day of heaven! Let thy kingdom come in our hearts, the dominion of truth, of holiness, of freedom, and thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven! 

 The following exquisite little gem of poetry was written for a recent celebration in Boston, by M.H. WETHERBEE, a hard-working stone-cutter: The following exquisite little gem of poetry was written for a recent celebration in Boston, by M.H. WETHERBEE, a hard-working stone-cutter: God' spirit smiles in flowers,And in soft summer showersHe sends his love.Each dew-drop speaks His praise,And bubbling fount displays,In all their lucid rays,Light from above. God' spirit smiles in flowers,And in soft summer showersHe sends his love.Each dew-drop speaks His praise,And bubbling fount displays,In all their lucid rays,Light from above.       The tiny waves that creepAlong the ravines steep,Obey His nod.The golden orb of day,And ocean's crested spray,To Him due homage pay,Creation's God. The tiny waves that creepAlong the ravines steep,Obey His nod.The golden orb of day,And ocean's crested spray,To Him due homage pay,Creation's God.       Thus Friendship wears its bloom,And smiles beyond the tombIn its own light.O may that Love be ours,Which guides life's darkest ours,Cheering like smiling flowersHope's deepest night. Thus Friendship Friendship wears its bloom,And smiles beyond the tombIn its own light.O may that    Love Love be ours,Which guides life's darkest ours,Cheering like smiling flowersHope's deepest night.    

 A Quaker friend of ours, who recently travelled extensively in the Island of Jamaica, and other British West India Islands, with a view to learn, from his own observation, the practical workings of the new system, came to the following conclusions: A Quaker friend of ours, who recently travelled extensively in the Island of Jamaica, and other British West India Islands, with a view to learn, from his own observation, the practical workings of the new system, came to the following conclusions: 1. Wherever the emancipated negroes are fairly, kindly, and wisely treated, there they are working well on the properties of their old masters, and that the existing instances of a contrary description must be ascribed to causes which class under slavery, and not under freedom. 1. Wherever the emancipated negroes are fairly, kindly, and wisely treated, there they are working well on the properties of their old masters, and that the existing instances of a contrary description must be ascribed to causes which class under slavery, and not under freedom. 2. An increased quantity of work thrown upon the market, is, of course, followed by the cheapening of labor. 2. An increased quantity of work thrown upon the market, is, of course, followed by the cheapening of labor. 3. Real property has risen and is rising in value. 3. Real property has risen and is rising in value. 4. The personal comforts of the laboring population, under freedom, are multiplied tenfold. 4. The personal comforts of the laboring population, under freedom, are multiplied tenfold. 5. Lastly, the moral and religious improvement of the negroes, under freedom, is more than equal to the increase of their comforts. For, in the first place, there has been a rapid increase and vast extent of elementary and Christian education, schools for infants, young persons and adults, multiplying in every direction; and secondly, the gradual but decided diminution of crime, amounting in many country districts almost to its extinction; and thirdly the happy change of the general and almost universal practise of concubinage, for the equally general adoption of marriage. 5. Lastly, the moral and religious improvement of the negroes, under freedom, is more than equal to the increase of their comforts. For, in the first place, there has been a rapid increase and vast extent of elementary and Christian education, schools for infants, young persons and adults, multiplying in every direction; and secondly, the gradual but decided diminution of crime, amounting in many country districts almost to its extinction; and thirdly the happy change of the general and almost universal practise of concubinage, for the equally general adoption of marriage. 

 Hail Temperance, divinely fair!How precious all thy blessings are;How rich, and yet how free!Sure all the world will soon thee love,And prize thy blessings far aboveThe treasures of the sea. Hail Temperance, divinely fair!How precious all thy blessings are;How rich, and yet how free!Sure all the world will soon thee love,And prize thy blessings far aboveThe treasures of the sea.      

 Negro Hatred.— At the Sabbath school celebration on the fourth of July, at Detroit, Michigan, a formal vote of the Committee of Arrangements, excluded the colored Sabbath schools from the celebration. So miserably yet do Christians understand the great law of their own religion. Negro Hatred. Negro Hatred. — At the Sabbath school celebration on the fourth of July, at Detroit, Michigan, a formal vote of the Committee of Arrangements, excluded the colored Sabbath schools from the celebration. So miserably yet do Christians understand the great law of their own religion. 

 WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: The only great institutional change ever effected in this country was made through the agency of brute force. The oppressed opposed a physical-force resistance to a physical-force tyranny. It was a contest of flesh and blood with flesh and blood— a collision of matter with matter. Such may be again the fact with respect to other countries, to France, for example, or England, but from America the better course of effecting reform by moral and intellectual means is more trustingly expected. The only great institutional change ever effected in this country was made through the agency of brute force. The oppressed opposed a physical-force resistance to a physical-force tyranny. It was a contest of flesh and blood with flesh and blood— a collision of matter with matter. Such may be again the fact with respect to other countries, to France, for example, or England, but from America the better course of effecting reform by moral and intellectual means is more trustingly expected. It is now known that every thing which is false in American institutions, every thing in American government which is at enmity with religious peace, social unity and personal freedom, is a direct consequence of the error, the crime which was committed by the actors in the revolution of opposing force to force, of seeking moral ends by immoral means, of consenting to a course which might and did involve the necessity to shed blood. Notwithstanding the large measure of virtue which must be conceded to these men, they were so regardless of duty, or so ignorant of the real nature of that which they were permitted to do, as to mingle passion where religion and reason alone had to decide. They mixed up anger and revenge with what was at first a pure inbreathing of Divine Love, and ultimately, mistaking their own for the providential will, defeated, so far as they could, the grand aim of the revolution. The setting aside of human government, and the reassembling of scattered humanity to be governed by God as the sole King and Governor, was the true end of the revolution. The patriots and constitution makers of that period saw but dimly the end, and, instead of leaving their successors free from the prescriptions of human coercion, these find themselves bound by a compact which it is criminal not to violate, and parties to a government which has fraud written on its forehead, and the will to shed blood oozing out at every pore on its surface. It is now known that every thing which is false in American institutions, every thing in American government which is at enmity with religious peace, social unity and personal freedom, is a direct consequence of the error, the crime which was committed by the actors in the revolution of opposing force to force, of seeking moral ends by immoral means, of consenting to a course which might and did involve the necessity to shed blood. Notwithstanding the large measure of virtue which must be conceded to these men, they were so regardless of duty, or so ignorant of the real nature of that which they were permitted to do, as to mingle passion where religion and reason alone had to decide. They mixed up anger and revenge with what was at first a pure inbreathing of Divine Love, and ultimately, mistaking their own for the providential will, defeated, so far as they could, the grand aim of the revolution. The setting aside of human government, and the reassembling of scattered humanity to be governed by God as the sole King and Governor, was the true end of the revolution. The patriots and constitution makers of that period saw but dimly the end, and, instead of leaving their successors free from the prescriptions of human coercion, these find themselves bound by a compact which it is criminal not to violate, and parties to a government which has fraud written on its forehead, and the will to shed blood oozing out at every pore on its surface. The great defect of the revolution has become known to those who are, at the present crisis, the chief expositors of the reform idea, and from their zeal and faithfulness it is reasonable to hope that no such abuse will be made of the occasions for reform that are now offered. Their task is precisely the same as that which was assigned to their fathers. The duty of reformers is, indeed, the same at all times, and in all countries. They are commanded to deny and repudiate all human government, and invited to obey only the instinct of Good which is within, and never, except, perhaps, in the case of the most abandoned, deserts them. That men have not been obedient in this matter is, alas, too true— that they may and sometimes will be faithful to the love-monition all prophecy, scriptured and living, warrant us in believing. There is no necessity, but what they themselves create, for the poverty-stricken millions of Great Britain continuing under the domination of a cruel and selfish aristocracy. The people of France and of continental European countries have no need, save what springs from untamed passions, to be every now and again at drawn daggers with their rulers, and continually failing in their attempts to overthrow bad government. Nor is there any other cause for public wrong in America. The great defect of the revolution has become known to those who are, at the present crisis, the chief expositors of the reform idea, and from their zeal and faithfulness it is reasonable to hope that no such abuse will be made of the occasions for reform that are now offered. Their task is precisely the same as that which was assigned to their fathers. The duty of reformers is, indeed, the same at all times, and in all countries. They are commanded to deny and repudiate all human government, and invited to obey only the instinct of Good which is within, and never, except, perhaps, in the case of the most abandoned, deserts them. That men have not been obedient in this matter is, alas, too true— that they may and sometimes will be faithful to the love-monition all prophecy, scriptured and living, warrant us in believing. There is no necessity, but what they themselves create, for the poverty-stricken millions of Great Britain continuing under the domination of a cruel and selfish aristocracy. The people of France and of continental European countries have no need, save what springs from untamed passions, to be every now and again at drawn daggers with their rulers, and continually failing in their attempts to overthrow bad government. Nor is there any other cause for public wrong in America. The people of the United States occupy a position which those of no other country, perhaps, have reached. They stand, it is believed, in different and superior relations, individually and collectively, to the people of any other country. Their revolution sprung, as do all reformatory revolutions, from enlarged Being, and their institutions are, therefore, so far less obstructive than those of the country from which they separated. There is then here, unless the people are deteriorated, abundant elements for progress, and a field of action comparatively free from those obstacles which so impede reform elsewhere. If the people have really . . . in them the big hearts and bursting life of their sires but just-departed, there is no hope for them, and but little for humanity elsewhere. But such, we are assured, is not the fact, nay, is the very reverse of the fact. The checks and impediments every now and again thrown with giant force in the way of those who would heedlessly drag the nation into the old ruts of political error, the sudden arrestation, by the strong popular arm, under the guidance of common sense, of schemes for class or sectarian elevation, the immediate and complete withdrawal of popular favor from individuals when the lack of integrity or devotion becomes apparent in the favored, the rapid extension of really liberal and humane views, and the progress of the people in the rectification of personal errors and habitudes prove, incontestibly, that the Good spirit which, at first, actuated their fathers, actuates also them. The Good spirit in which the people are, and the accident of a freer Constitution, (for to the living that Constitution is but an accident,) offer a guarantee of something to be done for men and for man. We ourselves, the denizens of this noble country, will be the better of that spirit, and mankind ought to be and shall be benefitted by a reflective participation. The people of the United States occupy a position which those of no other country, perhaps, have reached. They stand, it is believed, in different and superior relations, individually and collectively, to the people of any other country. Their revolution sprung, as do all reformatory revolutions, from enlarged Being, and their institutions are, therefore, so far less obstructive than those of the country from which they separated. There is then here, unless the people are deteriorated, abundant elements for progress, and a field of action comparatively free from those obstacles which so impede reform elsewhere. If the people have really . . . in them the big hearts and bursting life of their sires but just-departed, there is no hope for them, and but little for humanity elsewhere. But such, we are assured, is not the fact, nay, is the very reverse of the fact. The checks and impediments every now and again thrown with giant force in the way of those who would heedlessly drag the nation into the old ruts of political error, the sudden arrestation, by the strong popular arm, under the guidance of common sense, of schemes for class or sectarian elevation, the immediate and complete withdrawal of popular favor from individuals when the lack of integrity or devotion becomes apparent in the favored, the rapid extension of really liberal and humane views, and the progress of the people in the rectification of personal errors and habitudes prove, incontestibly, that the Good spirit which, at first, actuated their fathers, actuates also them. The Good spirit in which the people are, and the accident of a freer Constitution, (for to the living that Constitution is but an accident,) offer a guarantee of something to be done for men and for man. We ourselves, the denizens of this noble country, will be the better of that spirit, and mankind ought to be and shall be benefitted by a reflective participation. The government of the United States, like that of every other country, is founded on coercive principles, and by coercion is maintained in existence. To compel by physical force, to obtain conformity by rewards, and deter from innovation by punishments, is descriptive of its action. To enforce at the South a labor which degrades, it uses the whip, and for the same end at the North enacts laws of trespass and property. Its laws are maintained at home by functionaries whose executors are jailors and hangmen, and abroad and on the high seas, it has agents to threaten and armaments to strike whenever passion impels to the one or the other. The fabric of political order in this country stands on the assumption that blows may be struck, that blood may be shed, that life may be sacrificed. The government is in the practice of shedding blood. It is, habitually, a man-killing government. The command to do no murder is disobeyed by it, the injunction to love our brethren disregarded. Such a government, so standing and so acting, must be deposed, at all hazards. It is, in fact, being deposed. The laborer is beginning to find in it the embodiment of all which renders his labor oppressive and unproductive, and its results insecure. The philanthropist more than suspects it to be a disuniting influence, separating man from man, and arraying them against each other, instead of helping to bind all of the human family in one holy brotherhood, whilst the truly religious man or woman, convinced that it is a concentration of every thing that is evil in the land, has already withdrawn from it his support, and is bent on its downfall. The government of the United States, like that of every other country, is founded on coercive principles, and by coercion is maintained in existence. To compel by physical force, to obtain conformity by rewards, and deter from innovation by punishments, is descriptive of its action. To enforce at the South a labor which degrades, it uses the whip, and for the same end at the North enacts laws of trespass and property. Its laws are maintained at home by functionaries whose executors are jailors and hangmen, and abroad and on the high seas, it has agents to threaten and armaments to strike whenever passion impels to the one or the other. The fabric of political order in this country stands on the assumption that blows may be struck, that blood may be shed, that life may be sacrificed. The government is in the practice of shedding blood. It is, habitually, a man-killing government. The command to do no murder is disobeyed by it, the injunction to love our brethren disregarded. Such a government, so standing and so acting, must be deposed, at all hazards. It is, in fact, being deposed. The laborer is beginning to find in it the embodiment of all which renders his labor oppressive and unproductive, and its results insecure. The philanthropist more than suspects it to be a disuniting influence, separating man from man, and arraying them against each other, instead of helping to bind all of the human family in one holy brotherhood, whilst the truly religious man or woman, convinced that it is a concentration of every thing that is evil in the land, has already withdrawn from it his support, and is bent on its downfall. The fact is palpable enough, that there exists a party to whom the government is a wrong and an oppression, and who condemn it chiefly from high moral and religious considerations. Of this party it may, perhaps, without impropriety, be asked, The fact is palpable enough, that there exists a party to whom the government is a wrong and an oppression, and who condemn it chiefly from high moral and religious considerations. Of this party it may, perhaps, without impropriety, be asked, Are you fully cognizant that the public or political wrong-doing is but a representation of the vices of the individuals who compose the nation? and, Are you fully cognizant that the public or political wrong-doing is but a representation of the vices of the individuals who compose the nation? and, How far do you abstain, and counsel to abstinence from Being and Doing that which you condemn in the government? How far do you abstain, and counsel to abstinence from Being and Doing that which you condemn in the government? To the clear-sighted, conscientious and peace-loving persons of whom this party is constituted, it is unnecessary to re-urge in any general statement the nature of the connexion which subsists between national and individual acts and character— that the former is, in fact, in no case better or worse than the latter; but they will not, it is presumed, regard as superfluous an attempt to point out the hidden link by which many, if not most of them are bound to the government, contribute to its numerous offences, and become really responsible for its criminality. To the clear-sighted, conscientious and peace-loving persons of whom this party is constituted, it is unnecessary to re-urge in any general statement the nature of the connexion which subsists between national and individual acts and character— that the former is, in fact, in no case better or worse than the latter; but they will not, it is presumed, regard as superfluous an attempt to point out the hidden link by which many, if not most of them are bound to the government, contribute to its numerous offences, and become really responsible for its criminality. No one who has attended to the minute and almost imperceptible changes which mark our progress from one state of being to another, will deny that great results, if they come at all, must come from apparently trifling causes. Our ultimate complete withdrawal from good, so far as it can be complete, is preceded, at first, by the smallest possible aberration of feeling and thought, and, in returning to the path of duty, the sensations which are of an opposite character are, no doubt, also, at first, as indefinite and inappreciable. As we advance, however, we become more sensible of the spirit which is in us, and our actions more palpably indicative of what we are. We discover the precise point of our defection or its limit, and our consequent redemption. It is then that we are in that position of Being when we may declare from the intimate cause what ultimate effects proceed or trace these back to their root. No one who has attended to the minute and almost imperceptible changes which mark our progress from one state of being to another, will deny that great results, if they come at all, must come from apparently trifling causes. Our ultimate complete withdrawal from good, so far as it can be complete, is preceded, at first, by the smallest possible aberration of feeling and thought, and, in returning to the path of duty, the sensations which are of an opposite character are, no doubt, also, at first, as indefinite and inappreciable. As we advance, however, we become more sensible of the spirit which is in us, and our actions more palpably indicative of what we are. We discover the precise point of our defection or its limit, and our consequent redemption. It is then that we are in that position of Being when we may declare from the intimate cause what ultimate effects proceed or trace these back to their root. Now all acts have their measure and significance in the spirit which produces them. They are either good or evil; and as they are one or the other, tend to the conservation of life or to its subversion. The most perfect gift of God is life and its attributes. Life is, therefore, to be held sacred, and as revocable only by the infinite Giver. To sport with life is demoniacal; to respect and hallow it a simple if not the simplest and first duty, to an infraction of which there should not be the remotest idea of approaching. We protest against the act of taking human life. Have we the right to take life at all? Is not the spirit which impels us to take the life of an inferior animal, that which prompts us to homicide? If we refrained from the apparently lesser sin, should we ever commit the greater? Is it not, in brief, because of our violation of this great law towards the inferior creation, that we sink to the fearful state of human butchery? We will venture to answer this question affirmatively, and to maintain that by no other course than that of abstaining from taking the lives of the inferior animals, shall we ever bring to an end the horrible scene of national war, or the not less revolting one of a people solemnly binding each other to punish with death individuals who violate their necessarily imperfect, and sooner or later to become obsolete laws. Society arrogates the right to take human life, and the foundation for this master-sin, the root out of which it grows, is to be found in the practice of slaying the inferior creation, which every where prevails. Before our public places can be clean, and the national character without reproach, we must dry up the red stains on our hearths, sheath the murderous knife, now so frequently employed, almost in sheer wantonness, and learn to be content with that provision which the all-wise and bounteous Provider prepares for us. Of such provision there is abundance. Nature need not be outraged that man may live. The earth teems with vegetable productions, which we reject, preferring to wallow in fifth, and feed on corruption. What ought to have resulted from such perversity, if not an accumulation of evil, which should, by its very enormity, frighten us back to virtue? Some such result has indeed taken place. Now all acts have their measure and significance in the spirit which produces them. They are either good or evil; and as they are one or the other, tend to the conservation of life or to its subversion. The most perfect gift of God is life and its attributes. Life is, therefore, to be held sacred, and as revocable only by the infinite Giver. To sport with life is demoniacal; to respect and hallow it a simple if not the simplest and first duty, to an infraction of which there should not be the remotest idea of approaching. We protest against the act of taking human life. human life. Have we the right to take life at all? Is not the spirit which impels us to take the life of an inferior animal, that which prompts us to homicide? If we refrained from the apparently lesser sin, should we ever commit the greater? Is it not, in brief, because of our violation of this great law towards the inferior creation, that we sink to the fearful state of human butchery? Is it not, in brief, because of our violation of this great law towards the inferior creation, that we sink to the fearful state of human butchery? We will venture to answer this question affirmatively, and to maintain that by no other course than that of abstaining from taking the lives of the inferior animals, shall we ever bring to an end the horrible scene of national war, or the not less revolting one of a people solemnly binding each other to punish with death individuals who violate their necessarily imperfect, and sooner or later to become obsolete laws. Society arrogates the right to take human life, and the foundation for this master-sin, the root out of which it grows, is to be found in the practice of slaying the inferior creation, which every where prevails. Before our public places can be clean, and the national character without reproach, we must dry up the red stains on our hearths, sheath the murderous knife, now so frequently employed, almost in sheer wantonness, and learn to be content with that provision which the all-wise and bounteous Provider prepares for us. Of such provision there is abundance. Nature need not be outraged that man may live. The earth teems with vegetable productions, which we reject, preferring to wallow in fifth, and feed on corruption. What ought to have resulted from such perversity, if not an accumulation of evil, which should, by its very enormity, frighten us back to virtue? Some such result has indeed taken place. Scarcely is hushed the din of a war which had nearly half the globe for its theatre and millions of human beings for its victims, than the better feelings of our nature assert most powerfully their supremacy, and we resolve to become, and are purer and more truth-loving. Most auspicious, indeed, is the present period. Let us submit ourselves, unreservedly, to the Spirit's regenerative influence, now so potently operating, and the latter half of the 19th century will be as memorable for good as that portion of it which is already spent has been prolific of evil. Too long has the world been a field of carnage, and man the victim. Let us detect, if we may, the causes of his misery. Something has been done to clear the head. Let us have clensed, also, the heart. Let us have good feeling along with right thinking,— humanity along with intellectual charity. If the butcher be disarmed of his knife, the soldier cannot long retain his sword,— if we can rid the kitchen of its horrors and keep our tables free from the mangled corse, private and public manslaying will soon become absolute, and in place of the . . . and miseries, now everywhere heard of, union, good fellowship and happiness may be found wherever human beings are congregated together. Scarcely is hushed the din of a war which had nearly half the globe for its theatre and millions of human beings for its victims, than the better feelings of our nature assert most powerfully their supremacy, and we resolve to become, and are purer and more truth-loving. Most auspicious, indeed, is the present period. Let us submit ourselves, unreservedly, to the Spirit's regenerative influence, now so potently operating, and the latter half of the 19th century will be as memorable for good as that portion of it which is already spent has been prolific of evil. Too long has the world been a field of carnage, and man the victim. Let us detect, if we may, the causes of his misery. Something has been done to clear the head. Let us have clensed, also, the heart. Let us have good feeling along with right thinking,— humanity along with intellectual charity. If the butcher be disarmed of his knife, the soldier cannot long retain his sword,— if we can rid the kitchen of its horrors and keep our tables free from the mangled corse, private and public manslaying will soon become absolute, and in place of the . . . and miseries, now everywhere heard of, union, good fellowship and happiness may be found wherever human beings are congregated together. SAMUEL BOWER. SAMUEL BOWER. Leominster, Aug. 9th, 1843. Leominster, Aug. 9th, 1843. 

 (The following pungent speech, delivered by ABBY KELLEY, at Little Falls, N.Y. a few months since, appears in the last number of the Mohawk Mirror.) (The following pungent speech, delivered by ABBY KELLEY, at Little Falls, N.Y. a few months since, appears in the last number of the Mohawk Mirror.) A man is known by the company he keeps. The receiver is as bad as the thief.— Old Proverbs. A man is known by the company he keeps. The receiver is as bad as the thief.— Old Proverbs. Old Proverbs. Mr. S.S. Foster, (of Canterbury, N.H.,) being present, and having read the impressive words of Christ contained in Matt. xxv. ver. 31 to 46— 'When the Son of Man shall come in his glory,' &c. Miss KELLEY earnestly invited any one disposed to make remarks, to occupy the stand; but none doing so, she then took up the oft-repeated question, 'What has the North to do with slavery?' Mr. S.S. Foster, (of Canterbury, N.H.,) being present, and having read the impressive words of Christ contained in Matt. xxv. ver. 31 to 46— 'When the Son of Man shall come in his glory,' &c. Miss KELLEY earnestly invited any one disposed to make remarks, to occupy the stand; but none doing so, she then took up the oft-repeated question, 'What has the North to do with slavery?' What has the North to do? Why, what has one half to do with the whole? or what has the right ventricle of my heart to do with the left? It seems to me no one could rationally ask such a question, even were slavery only known upon 'the farthest verge of the green earth.' What has the North North to do? Why, what has one half to do with the whole? or what has the right ventricle of my heart to do with the left? It seems to me no one could rationally ask such a question, even were slavery only known upon 'the farthest verge of the green earth.' When the brave Pole arose in arms against his proud oppressor, and when the patriotic Greek, waked from the slumber of ages, lighted the torch of liberty, our northern orators and bards cheered them in language such as this: When the brave Pole arose in arms against his proud oppressor, and when the patriotic Greek, waked from the slumber of ages, lighted the torch of liberty, our northern orators and bards cheered them in language such as this: 'Strike till, the last armed foe expires!Strike, for your altars and your fires!Strike, for the green graves of your sires,God and your native land!' 'Strike till, the last armed foe expires!  Strike, for your altars and your fires!  Strike, for the green graves of your sires,  God and your native land!' Yes! money, arms and warlike stores, with shipload after ship-load of clothing and provisions, were sent from hence to aid those distant nations in their strife for freedom; while no one thought of asking, 'What has the North to do with Poland or with Greece?' Yes! money, arms and warlike stores, with shipload after ship-load of clothing and provisions, were sent from hence to aid those distant nations in their strife for freedom; while no one thought of asking, 'What has the North to do with Poland Poland or with Greece?' Greece?' Our missionaries are not confined to northern limits; and while they traverse the vast western plains without the bounds of our republic, ascend the Rocky Mountains, and sound the news of 'peace on earth and good will to men' to farthest Oregon— nay, penetrate the Burmese jungles, and preach to the antipodes of China and Japan, who dreams of offering such a query in respect to them? Yet the oppression of the Poles, and gloom of moral night enveloping the Hindoo and Chinese, compare not with the misery and darkness of millions in our own south-west. Our missionaries are not confined to northern northern limits; and while they traverse the vast western plains without the bounds of our republic, ascend the Rocky Mountains, and sound the news of 'peace on earth and good will to men' to farthest Oregon— nay, penetrate the Burmese jungles, and preach to the antipodes of China and Japan, who dreams of offering such a query in respect to them? them? Yet the oppression of the Poles, and gloom of moral night enveloping the Hindoo and Chinese, compare not with the misery and darkness of millions in our own south-west. It is again demanded, 'What has the North to do with the South?' It is because the South is to the North what Russia is to Poland— what Turkey is to Greece. But the inquiry is not only selfish— it is equivalent to asking, 'Am I MY BROTHER'S keeper?' the interrogatory of the primal murderer, Cain. The answer, however, is so long, that we might also say 'the world itself could not contain the books that should be written.' We are, in fact, wound and bound up in slavery: but time will not admit of copious details, and I can only now allude to some important points. It is again demanded, 'What has the North to do with the South?' It is because the South is to the North what Russia is to Poland— what Turkey is to Greece. But the inquiry is not only selfish— it is equivalent to asking, 'Am I MY BROTHER'S keeper? keeper? ' the interrogatory of the primal murderer, murderer, Cain. The answer, however, is so long, that we might also say 'the world itself could not contain the books that should be written.' We are, in fact, wound and bound up in slavery: bound up in slavery: but time will not admit of copious details, and I can only now allude to some important points. She holds the reins of power by our consent, through various social, commercial, and political relations. First, socially. True, at this distance, we can with difficulty feel our own participation in her crimes. Time was, when I, too, writhed beneath THE TRUTH; but I now think it for the highest interest of all to find the truth— and having found, to embrace and hold it fast. Keep the distinction then, in mind, between slaveholders and slave claimants; and we shall find ourselves, as well as our southern neighbors, extensively involved in guilt. She holds the reins of power by our consent, our consent, through various social, commercial, and political relations. First, socially. socially. True, at this distance, we can with difficulty feel our own participation in her crimes. Time was, when I, too, writhed beneath THE TRUTH; but I now think it for the highest interest of all to find the truth— and having found, to embrace and hold it fast. Keep the distinction then, in mind, between slaveholders slaveholders and slave claimants; claimants; and we shall find ourselves, as well as our southern neighbors, extensively involved in guilt. Is it within the bounds of possibility for two hundred and fifty thousand slaveholders to retain, without assistance [ ] three million slaves? Three millions— an ominous number! for three millions were led out of Egypt, and three millions once successfully opposed the prowess of Great Britain. I ask again, if 250,000 are capable of holding such a number, when, in the coarse language of another, three millions 'might eat them, and then scarcely have a full meal?' No; the reverse is clearly shown by southern testimony. Is it within the bounds of possibility for two hundred and fifty thousand slaveholders to retain, without assistance [ ] three million three million slaves? Three millions— an ominous number! for three millions were led out of Egypt, and three millions once successfully opposed the prowess of Great Britain. I ask again, if 250,000 are capable of holding such a number, when, in the coarse language of another, three millions 'might eat eat them, and then scarcely have a full meal?' No; the reverse is clearly shown by southern testimony. When JOHN Q. ADAMS, nobly contending for the right of petition upon any subject, presented the request of his constituents for a dissolution of the Union, a southern Congressman observed, that 'this would break up slavery;' whereas the South were always wont to threaten, in case of abolition, to dissolve as a remedy. 'In such an event,' said he, 'a million of slaves stood ready at the tap of the drum!' Yes, they were prepared, like Washington, to strike for liberty! When JOHN Q. ADAMS, nobly contending for the right of petition upon any any subject, presented the request of his constituents for a dissolution of the Union, a southern Congressman observed, that 'this would break up slavery;' whereas the South were always wont to threaten, in case of abolition, to dissolve as a remedy. 'In such an event,' said he, 'a million of slaves stood ready at the tap of the drum!' Yes, they were prepared, like Washington, to strike for liberty! liberty! The editor of the Maysville Intelligencer says, 'We are surrounded with a dangerous class— only restrained from insurrection by the fear of death.' But we need not travel to Kentucky to show that the North are slaveholders. The social cord which binds the slave is strong— the political still stronger— but the ecclesiastical cord is strongest. The editor of the Maysville Intelligencer says, 'We are surrounded with a dangerous class— only restrained from insurrection by the fear of death.' But we need not travel to Kentucky to show that the North are slaveholders. The social social cord which binds the slave is strong— the political political still stronger— but the ecclesiastical ecclesiastical cord is strongest. I will here announce, that meetings on this subject will be held again to-morrow, (Sunday,) at the usual hours of service in the morning, afternoon and evening. The slave— alas! he has no Sabbath but beyond the tomb; and too many of our clergy are like those whom prophets styled 'dumb dogs:' they will not open their mouths for the oppressed. I will here announce, that meetings on this subject will be held again to-morrow to-morrow , (Sunday,) at the usual hours of service in the morning, afternoon and evening. The slave— alas! he has no Sabbath but beyond the tomb; and too many of our clergy are like those whom prophets styled 'dumb dogs:' they will not open their mouths for the oppressed. Priestly allows, that people are never better than their laws, while many are far worse! and as the public sentiment makes laws, let us observe its operation at the North. Suppose a horde of bandits occupying the Green Mountains, and subsisting by the plunder of the farmers of Vermont: would not those who go and stay among them as lawyers, doctors or merchants, become participators in their crimes? So with our own citizens who go to the South, who mingle with slaveholders, and share the profits of ill-gotton gain. And what, to the all-seeing Eye, is that man's guilt, who steals his neighbor's horse, his cattle or his corn, compared with him who takes the helpless infant from the cradle, the wife, the daughter, or the eldest son, and bears them into bondage everlasting— perpetual servitude of body, and hopeless night of the immortal mind! Priestly allows, that people are never better than their laws, while many are far worse! worse! and as the public sentiment makes laws, let us observe its operation at the North. Suppose a horde of bandits occupying the Green Mountains, and subsisting by the plunder of the farmers of Vermont: would not those who go and stay among them as lawyers, doctors or merchants, become participators in their crimes? So with our own citizens who go to the South, who mingle with slaveholders, and share the profits of ill-gotton gain. And what, to the all-seeing Eye, is that man's guilt, who steals his neighbor's horse, his cattle or his corn, compared with him who takes the helpless infant from the cradle, the wife, the daughter, or the eldest son, and bears them into bondage everlasting— perpetual servitude of body, and hopeless night of the immortal mind! immortal mind! What kind of morals do we teach? For often, when a northern youth appears averse to honest labor, although we would not bid him take to stealing sheep, we send him to the South; where, if expert enough in whipping out a proper quantity of rice, or cotton, or tobacco, as a negro overseer, to purchase a plantation for himself, we call him smart and enterprising. Next, to be counted pious, a church, erected by his bounty, is finished with 'the price of blood'— a place where statedly the hired apologist of crime may stand, What kind of morals morals do we teach? For often, when a northern youth appears averse to honest labor, although we would not bid him take to stealing sheep stealing sheep , we send him to the South; where, if expert enough in whipping whipping out a proper quantity of rice, or cotton, or tobacco, as a negro overseer, to purchase a plantation for himself, we call him smart smart and enterprising. enterprising. Next, to be counted pious pious , a church, erected by his bounty, is finished with 'the price of blood'— a place where statedly the hired apologist of crime may stand, 'And in his tasselled pulpit thank the Lord,That, from the toiling bondman's utter need,He piles his own full board!' 'And in his tasselled pulpit thank the Lord,  That, from the toiling bondman's utter need,  He piles his own full board!' And would our youthful nabob seek a partner in his clustering honors and his piety, he needs but enter, ruffian-like, the cabin door of a defenceless vassal— to clutch a child or two, and turn the proceeds for a superb beaver, watch, and suit of clothes— sell off the father or the mother, or consign the trembling grown-up daughter to the pimp of a seraglio at New-Orleans; soon he is enabled to support a glittering coach-and-four— and dashing hither to the North, 'astonishes the natives' as he comes! And would our youthful nabob seek a partner in his clustering honors and his piety, he needs but enter, ruffian-like, the cabin door of a defenceless vassal— to clutch a child or two, and turn the proceeds for a superb beaver, watch, and suit of clothes— sell off the father or the mother, or consign the trembling grown-up daughter to the pimp of a seraglio at New-Orleans; soon he is enabled to support a glittering coach-and-four— and dashing hither to the North, 'astonishes the natives' as he comes! It is the morn of a New-England Sabbath, when lot a Carolina retinue appears, stops at the house of God, and the best pew is opened to receive our wealthy and religious guest; while Jim, his sable body-guard, is beckoned to 'sit yonder in a lower place.' Anon, communion is announced; and though the humble pilferer of lambs might in such case be pushed aside, this wholesale thief of MEN is courteously invited to the ordinance— bows to the symbols of a Saviour's passion, and takes the sacred elements with a piety at which the fiends of Pandemonium might chuckle and grow fat! It is the morn of a New-England Sabbath, when lot a Carolina retinue appears, stops at the house of God, and the best pew is opened to receive our wealthy and religious religious guest; while Jim Jim , his sable body-guard, is beckoned to 'sit yonder in a lower place.' Anon, communion is announced; and though the humble pilferer of lambs lambs might in such case be pushed aside, this wholesale thief of MEN is courteously invited to the ordinance— bows to the symbols of a Saviour's passion, and takes the sacred elements with a piety piety at which the fiends of Pandemonium might chuckle and grow fat! And not unfrequently do such deceptive 'pomp and circumstance' ensnare the northern female into a life participation in the slaveholder's guilt. Not so the shrewder maid, whom Whittier describes as spurning every proffer of his crimsoned hand. And not unfrequently do such deceptive 'pomp and circumstance' ensnare the northern female into a life participation in the slaveholder's guilt. Not so the shrewder maid, whom Whittier describes as spurning every proffer of his crimsoned hand. 'Go back, haughty Southron! thy treasures of goldAre dim with the blood of the hearts thou hast sold;Thy home may be lovely, but round it I hearThe crack of the whip, and the footsteps of fear! 'Go back, haughty Southron! thy treasures of gold  Are dim with the blood of the hearts thou hast sold;  Thy home may be lovely, but round it I hear  The crack of the whip, and the footsteps of fear! Full low at thy bidding thy negroes may kneel,With the iron of bondage on spirit and heel;But know that the Yankee girl, sooner would beIn fetters with them, than in freedom with thee!' Full low at thy bidding thy negroes may kneel,  With the iron of bondage on spirit and heel;  But know that the Yankee girl, sooner would be  In fetters with them, them, than in freedom with thee! thee! ' Upon the compensation question abolitionists are asked, 'What! would you take men's property without a fair equivalent?' O no; I think with Gen. Hayne, that 'he who digs the soil is first entitled to its products.' I therefore go the whole for compensation TO THE SLAVE for every day of his hard toil; nay, and if this be not enough to satisfy the advocates for compensation, I would demand full payment for the labor of his father and grandfather before him! Upon the compensation compensation question abolitionists are asked, 'What! would you take men's property property without a fair equivalent?' O no; I think with Gen. Hayne, that 'he who digs the soil is first entitled to its products.' I therefore go the whole the whole for compensation TO THE SLAVE for every day of his hard toil; nay, and if this be not enough to satisfy the advocates for compensation, I would demand full payment for the labor of his father father and grandfather grandfather before him! If flesh and bone are made, (as some anatomists affirm,) from what we eat, the human system being renewed in seven years; and if Hayne's maxim in regard to title be correct. Calhoun and Clay's component parts, for instance, will be found to consist of stolen bread and butter, and these slaveholding candidates for the highest office in the gift of FREEMEN, eight times the property of their own diggers of the soil! And should stern justice reinstate the lawful owners in possession of the premises for which they have so often paid, we might have cause to apprehend that hordes of former masters, (a lily-fingered race, too idly reared to work,) would, stroll this way, and plunder us in person, as we have long suffered them to do by indirect means; for verily, the North deserve some punishment for the craven part which they have always acted in this matter. But emancipation would at least make peace where now there is no peace; it would bind up broken hearts, and bring together scattered, families; and Heaven, perhaps, might overlook the sins of centuries, and pity, and forgive. If flesh and bone are made, (as some anatomists affirm,) from what we eat, the human system being renewed in seven years; and if Hayne's maxim in regard to title title be correct. Calhoun and Clay's component parts, for instance, will be found to consist of stolen stolen bread and butter, and these slaveholding candidates for the highest office in the gift of FREEMEN, eight times eight times the property of their own diggers of the soil! And should stern justice reinstate the lawful owners in possession of the premises for which they have so often paid, we might have cause to apprehend that hordes of former masters, masters, (a lily-fingered race, too idly reared to work,) would, stroll this way, and plunder us in person, as we have long suffered them to do by indirect means; for verily, the North deserve some punishment for the craven part which they have always acted in this matter. But emancipation would at least make peace where now there is no peace; there is no peace; it would bind up broken hearts, and bring together scattered, families; and Heaven, perhaps, might overlook the sins of centuries, and pity, and forgive. forgive. The slaves, as is well known, were chiefly introduced by northern mariners; and some of my own ancestors were probably engaged in this abominable trade; for many a Bay State vessel went to Africa, applied the torch at midnight to the native's peaceful dwelling— and by its lurid glare bore off the hapless inmates— thrust them into the infernal slave ship, and brought them here— their lasting monument of sin and shame! The slaves, as is well known, were chiefly introduced by northern northern mariners; and some of my own ancestors were probably engaged in this abominable trade; for many a Bay State vessel went to Africa, applied the torch at midnight to the native's peaceful dwelling— and by its lurid glare bore off the hapless inmates— thrust them into the infernal slave ship, and brought them here— their lasting monument of sin and shame! See our political connexion with this Heaven-daring crime, in the congressional act for the benefit of soul-drivers, passed in 1793; when in defiance of the laws of God, 'Thou shall not deliver to his master the servant that is escaped to thee,' northern with southern representatives whispering, 'WE WILL!' empowered the slavocrat to enter the free States, and by the aid of 'a convenient witness,' to take his human property wherever he could find it. Thus did the total North become the planter's hunting-ground; and every person here who is not out-and-out an abolitionist, stands pledged to be a blood-hound, and bark upon the track of the poor fugitive at his proud master's beck. A law of your own State, indeed, awards her citizens the privilege of trial by jury in cases of contested claims; but as the southern planters boast that they 'can bribe a Yankee Justice for a shilling,' means of evasion will be found; and slavery is therefore still sustained by New-York, until by a declarative law her soil is rendered absolutely FREE. See our political political connexion with this Heaven-daring crime, in the congressional act for the benefit of soul-drivers, soul-drivers, passed in 1793; when in defiance of the laws of God, 'Thou shall not shall not deliver to his master the servant that is escaped to thee,' northern with southern representatives whispering, 'WE WILL!' empowered the slavocrat to enter the free States, and by the aid of 'a convenient witness,' to take his human property property wherever he could find it. Thus did the total North become the planter's hunting-ground; and every person here who is not out-and-out an abolitionist, stands pledged to be a blood-hound, and bark upon the track of the poor fugitive at his proud master's beck. A law of your own State, indeed, awards her citizens the privilege of trial by jury in cases of contested claims; but as the southern planters boast that they 'can bribe a Yankee Justice for a shilling a shilling ,' means of evasion will be found; and slavery is therefore still sustained by New-York, until by a declarative declarative law her soil is rendered absolutely FREE. Blackstone directs that where a legal instrument is ambiguous, the side of MERCY should prevail; and by this rule, our supposed obligation to bayonet the slave in case of insurrection may be interpreted another way. For as the Constitution only binds us to suppress domestic violence, and [ ] is notoriously so, the patriotic abolitionist preserves his true allegiance to the spirit of our national compact, while by the ballot-box and every lawful means, he strives to put this system of domestic violence down. Blackstone directs that where a legal instrument is ambiguous, the side of MERCY should prevail; and by this rule, our supposed obligation to bayonet the slave in case of insurrection may be interpreted another way. For as the Constitution only binds us to suppress domestic violence, and [ ] is notoriously so, the patriotic abolitionist preserves his true allegiance to the spirit of our national compact, while by the ballot-box and every lawful means, he strives to put this system of domestic violence system of domestic violence down. 

 We take the following from the Boston Transcript, the editor of which is an Episcopalian: We take the following from the Boston Transcript, the editor of which is an Episcopalian: What is Puseyism? What is a Puseyite? These are questions we are frequently asked by many persons of good sense, too, who take little interest in sectarian controversy, but who, from the frequent application of the above terms, have been led to make an inquiry into their meaning. For sometime, the doctrine and discussion was confined to the mother country, but symptoms— strong ones, too,— having lately been discovered in our Churches at the South, a lively curiosity has been excited in various quarters, and fresh desire felt to be informed as to the troubles of the Church, which seem to have developed themselves under the nomenclature of Puseyism. An interest, amounting almost to intensity, being now manifested on this subject, we give below a brief statement of the circumstances under which it originated in England, and the position it now occupies in that country. In the United States its positive existence is so uncertain, that we deem it hazardous at present to venture any remarks upon it. What is Puseyism? What is a Puseyite? These are questions we are frequently asked by many persons of good sense, too, who take little interest in sectarian controversy, but who, from the frequent application of the above terms, have been led to make an inquiry into their meaning. For sometime, the doctrine and discussion was confined to the mother country, but symptoms— strong ones, too,— having lately been discovered in our Churches at the South, a lively curiosity has been excited in various quarters, and fresh desire felt to be informed as to the troubles of the Church, which seem to have developed themselves under the nomenclature of Puseyism. Puseyism. An interest, amounting almost to intensity, being now manifested on this subject, we give below a brief statement of the circumstances under which it originated in England, and the position it now occupies in that country. In the United States its positive existence is so uncertain, that we deem it hazardous at present to venture any remarks upon it. In the year 1833, the late Rev. Dr. Rose, of King's College, the Rev. Mr. Perceval, Dr. Pusey, and two or three other clergymen, met in the house of the first named gentleman, when, talking over the progress of Dissent and the unpopularity and even practical neglect into which High Church principles had fallen of late years, they came to a resolution of form themselves into a society, though without any formal organization, to use their utmost efforts to revive and bring into practical recognition the class of principles to which we have referred. The celebrated 'Tracts for the Times' had their origin in the meeting in question. These tracts appeared at irregular intervals, and were published at prices, varying according to the quantity of matter, from twopence to sixpence. The tracts soon attracted general attention, from the startling doctrines they advanced; and as the tendency of all of them was to exalt the authority of the Church, and increase the importance of the clergy, by investing them with a special sacredness of character, the new class of opinions made rapid progress among them. Every successive tract became bolder and bolder in its tone, and approached nearer and nearer the doctrines of the Church of Rome. The principal writers were Dr. Pusey, the Rev. Mr. Ward, the Rev. Mr. Williams, the Rev. Mr. Newman, and one or two others. The series proceeded until it reached No. 80, which so openly and strenuously advocated Popish principles, that the Bishop of Oxford felt called upon to interpose his authority, and put an end to the further publication of the tracts. The last of the series, No. 90, created a deep sensation, especially as it was soon discovered that it had contributed to make several individuals go openly over the Church of Rome. The doctrines now held by Puseyites, who are sometimes called Tractarians, so closely resemble the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, that there can hardly be said, on most points, to be any essential difference between them. Among the points to which the Puseyites attach a special importance, is the assumption that all the clergy of the Church of England, in common with the Church of Rome, have descended in a direct line from the Apostles. This is what is called apostolical succession. They also maintain, that all children, baptized by the established clergy, are regenerated when the water is sprinkled upon them; but they refuse to recognize the baptism of the ministers of other denominations, as baptism at all. They hold that there is no hope of salvation for those who are without the pale of the Church. They denounce the reformation, and look forward with eager desire to a union between the Church of England and the Church of Rome. They maintain that the Church has an authority above that of the State; and the Sovereign and the Senate are bound to submit to the dictum of the Church. They lay but little stress on those doctrinal matters which the evangelical clergy in the Establishment regard as essential to salvation. They attach much greater importance to the writings of the Fathers than to the narratives of the inspired evangelists and the epistles of the apostles. They hold, indeed, that the scriptures ought not to be read at all by the laity, unless accompanied by the exposition of their meaning to be found in the Book of Common Prayer. They virtually reject the atonement, and set aside as fanaticism what is regarded by other parties as the religion of the heart. They look upon religion as mainly consisting in the observance of forms and ceremonies. They maintain that the bread and wine in the sacrament are converted, and consecrated by the clergy, into the actual flesh and blood of Christ, and that the sacrament constitutes a kind of continuation of the atonement of Christ on the cross. It is for maintaining these two latter points, in the cathedral of Oxford recently, that Dr. Pusey has been convicted of Popish heresy by a board of divines, and sentenced by the Vice-Chancellor to two years' prohibition from preaching within the precincts of the university. In the year 1833, the late Rev. Dr. Rose, of King's College, the Rev. Mr. Perceval, Dr. Pusey, and two or three other clergymen, met in the house of the first named gentleman, when, talking over the progress of Dissent and the unpopularity and even practical neglect into which High Church principles had fallen of late years, they came to a resolution of form themselves into a society, though without any formal organization, to use their utmost efforts to revive and bring into practical recognition the class of principles to which we have referred. The celebrated 'Tracts for the Times' had their origin in the meeting in question. These tracts appeared at irregular intervals, and were published at prices, varying according to the quantity of matter, from twopence to sixpence. The tracts soon attracted general attention, from the startling doctrines they advanced; and as the tendency of all of them was to exalt the authority of the Church, and increase the importance of the clergy, by investing them with a special sacredness of character, the new class of opinions made rapid progress among them. Every successive tract became bolder and bolder in its tone, and approached nearer and nearer the doctrines of the Church of Rome. The principal writers were Dr. Pusey, the Rev. Mr. Ward, the Rev. Mr. Williams, the Rev. Mr. Newman, and one or two others. The series proceeded until it reached No. 80, which so openly and strenuously advocated Popish principles, that the Bishop of Oxford felt called upon to interpose his authority, and put an end to the further publication of the tracts. The last of the series, No. 90, created a deep sensation, especially as it was soon discovered that it had contributed to make several individuals go openly over the Church of Rome. The doctrines now held by Puseyites, who are sometimes called Tractarians, so closely resemble the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, that there can hardly be said, on most points, to be any essential difference between them. Among the points to which the Puseyites attach a special importance, is the assumption that all the clergy of the Church of England, in common with the Church of Rome, have descended in a direct line from the Apostles. This is what is called apostolical succession. They also maintain, that all children, baptized by the established clergy, are regenerated when the water is sprinkled upon them; but they refuse to recognize the baptism of the ministers of other denominations, as baptism at all. They hold that there is no hope of salvation for those who are without the pale of the Church. They denounce the reformation, and look forward with eager desire to a union between the Church of England and the Church of Rome. They maintain that the Church has an authority above that of the State; and the Sovereign and the Senate are bound to submit to the dictum of the Church. They lay but little stress on those doctrinal matters which the evangelical clergy in the Establishment regard as essential to salvation. They attach much greater importance to the writings of the Fathers than to the narratives of the inspired evangelists and the epistles of the apostles. They hold, indeed, that the scriptures ought not to be read at all by the laity, unless accompanied by the exposition of their meaning to be found in the Book of Common Prayer. They virtually reject the atonement, and set aside as fanaticism what is regarded by other parties as the religion of the heart. They look upon religion as mainly consisting in the observance of forms and ceremonies. They maintain that the bread and wine in the sacrament are converted, and consecrated by the clergy, into the actual flesh and blood of Christ, and that the sacrament constitutes a kind of continuation of the atonement of Christ on the cross. It is for maintaining these two latter points, in the cathedral of Oxford recently, that Dr. Pusey has been convicted of Popish heresy by a board of divines, and sentenced by the Vice-Chancellor to two years' prohibition from preaching within the precincts of the university. 

 A learned D.D., otherwise REV. Dr. Hill, of Virginia, at the late New School Presbyterian General Assembly in Philadelphia, in remarks in reference to abolitionists, said: A learned D.D., otherwise REV. Dr. Hill, of Virginia, at the late New School Presbyterian General Assembly in Philadelphia, in remarks in reference to abolitionists, said: 'There had been some abolitionists in his neighborhood, endeavoring to incite the slaves to insubordination; but, fortunately, they were interrupted in their infamous purposes, and some of them were lynched. AND HE [ ]RELIEVED THEY DESERVED IT!! He was no advocate for lynching; but he did believe there were extreme cases that called for extreme measures; and this was one of them.' 'There had been some abolitionists in his neighborhood, endeavoring to incite the slaves to insubordination; but, fortunately, they were interrupted in their infamous purposes, and some of them were lynched. AND HE [ ]RELIEVED THEY DESERVED IT!! He was no advocate for lynching; but he did believe there were extreme cases that called for extreme measures; and this was one of them.' A proper nice man, this, to preach the gospel from the book that denounces oppression and the oppressor, that says, do as ye would be done by— that says, remember those in bonds as being bound with them— and that denounces wickedness in every form. For such a man to preach is a little like light shining from a dark place. Bacchus preaching temperance, a robber or pirate preaching honesty, or a liar preaching truth. A proper nice man, this, to preach the gospel from the book that denounces oppression and the oppressor, that says, do as ye would be done by— that says, remember those in bonds as being bound with them— and that denounces wickedness in every form. For such such a man to preach is a little like light shining from a dark place. Bacchus preaching temperance, a robber or pirate preaching honesty, or a liar preaching truth. A more ATHEISTICAL doctrine could scarcely be proclaimed to the world than that which justifies wrong under certain circumstances, and which, if carried out, annihilates all distinctions between right and wrong. The Rev. atheist is 'no advocate for lynching, but he did believe that there were extreme cases that called for extreme measures,' that is, lynching, for he says the abolitionists 'deserved it.' Now, why may not the greatest liars, the blackest villains, the most outrageous murderers, or even the meanest grogsellers avail themselves of the glorious benefits of such a doctrine? They have as good reasons for doing so as Rev. Dr. Hill has for lynch law, and they would make just as good Christians as he, if they had R-e-v. prefixed to their names. The liar might plead that 'extreme cases' justified his lying; the villain in the same way could sanctify his black-hearted atrocities, while the murderer can point to REV. Dr. Hill, of Virginia, as a justifier of his crimes, provided he can bring them under the head of 'extreme cases.' 'Like priest, like people;' no wonder there is so much wickedness among the people when such characters profess to teach them morals and religion. A more ATHEISTICAL doctrine could scarcely be proclaimed to the world than that which justifies wrong under certain circumstances, and which, if carried out, annihilates all distinctions between right and wrong. The Rev. atheist is 'no advocate for lynching, but he did believe that there were extreme cases that called for extreme measures,' that is, lynching, for he says the abolitionists 'deserved it.' Now, why may not the greatest liars, the blackest villains, the most outrageous murderers, or even the meanest grogsellers avail themselves of the glorious benefits of such a doctrine? They have as good reasons for doing so as Rev. Dr. Hill has for lynch law, and they would make just as good Christians as he would make just as good Christians as he , if they had R-e-v. prefixed to their names. The liar might plead that 'extreme cases' justified his lying; the villain in the same way could sanctify his black-hearted atrocities, while the murderer can point to REV. Dr. Hill, of Virginia, as a justifier of his crimes, provided he can bring them under the head of 'extreme cases.' 'Like priest, like people;' no wonder there is so much wickedness among the people when such characters profess to teach them morals and religion. Both the Old and New School Assemblies resolved to have nothing to do with slavery; that is, against it. Let it alone, and attend to the conversion of souls, is to be their future policy. Would such a gospel prevent any wickedness that could be conceived? Yet these very men will pray with long faces and uplifted hands, for righteousness and peace to cover the earth, and, of course, for the extermination of the man of sin! Both the Old and New School Assemblies resolved to have nothing to do with slavery; that is, against it. Let it alone, and attend to the conversion of souls, is to be their future policy. Would such such a gospel prevent any wickedness that could be conceived? Yet these very men will pray with long faces and uplifted hands, for righteousness and peace to cover the earth, and, of course, for the extermination of the man of sin! Among others who attended the Old School Assembly, was a certain Mr. Smith, a native of this country, but who became a reverend, and had 'a call' to Alabama, whither he went, and married some 15 or 20 slaves, 'with a woman attached.' This fellow must be a good Hillite, for he tried to justify slavery with all his might. He took a slave woman with him part of the way to the Assembly, as is believed, fearing to leave her with his father in this country while he was gone to Philadelphia to attend to the spiritual concerns of the church! Verify, if the General Assemblies are made up of such choice spirits, well might Mr. Finney exclaim, as he is said to have done, 'Hell holds a jubilee every time the General Assembly meets!' But all are very far from being as bad as these specimens. Among others who attended the Old School Assembly, was a certain Mr. Smith, a native of this country, but who became a reverend reverend , and had 'a call' to Alabama, whither he went, and married some 15 or 20 slaves, 'with a woman attached.' This fellow must be a good Hillite Hillite , for he tried to justify slavery with all his might. He took a slave woman with him part of the way to the Assembly, as is believed, fearing to leave her with his father in this country while he was gone to Philadelphia to attend to the spiritual concerns of the church! Verify, if the General Assemblies are made up of such such choice spirits, well might Mr. Finney exclaim, as he is said to have done, ' Hell holds a jubilee every time the General Assembly meets! Hell holds a jubilee every time the General Assembly meets! ' But all are very far from being as bad as these specimens. Would not such a man as Smith justify lynch law in 'extreme cases?' There is little doubt of it. Any man who is mean enough to rob a woman of her rights, because the law PERMITS him to do so— for the very meanest of the slave laws do not say any one shall hold slaves, that I am aware of— would do other things too, if the law did not forbid him. Suppose some of the Rev. Smiths or Joneses were to steal fifteen sheep or chickens; would the General Assembly sit with them? No! the index fingers of Reverends Hill and Smith would point at them, and call them sheep-thieves or poachers. Would not such a man as Smith justify lynch law in 'extreme cases?' There is little doubt of it. Any man who is mean enough to rob a woman of her rights, because the law PERMITS him to do so— for the very meanest of the slave laws do not say any one shall shall hold slaves, that that I am aware of— would do other things too, if the law did not forbid him. Suppose some of the Rev. Smiths or Joneses were to steal fifteen sheep or chickens; would the General Assembly sit with them? No! the index fingers of Reverends Hill and Smith would point at them, and call them sheep-thieves or poachers. 

 'They are the most ungrateful beings in the world.' 'They are the most ungrateful beings in the world.' A lady in England, about the year 1832, had left her, by a relative, a small legacy in the island of Antigua. It consisted of ten slaves, to be divided between herself and her brother, who was the overseer of a large plantation in the island. Her share consisted of a man, two women, and two children. A lady in England, about the year 1832, had left her, by a relative, a small legacy in the island of Antigua. It consisted of ten slaves, to be divided between herself and her brother, who was the overseer of a large plantation in the island. Her share consisted of a man, two women, and two children. Many would have said, 'Now I have an addition to my property!' But this good woman heard only the voice of God in this bequest, saying, 'Here are five of my poor. I have sent them to you that you may deliver them from the hand of the oppressor.' Her resolution was instantly taken; no doubts, no thoughts of wealth or inheritance clouded her vision; but how shall she proceed? Shall she trust her brother? Alas! she knew him too well. To hire an agent, here means were not sufficient, and she took the heroic resolution that she would be herself the instrument of their deliverance. With her babe in her arms, she crossed the ocean at an inclement season of the year, and arrived at Antigua only to meet the reproaches of a brother, and the sneers and insults of almost the whole population. They told her of dangers and fears, but she went calmly on. They could not prevent her purpose, and the liberated slaves poured out their blessings and thanks amid tears of gratitude and joy. Many would have said, 'Now I have an addition to my property!' But this good woman heard only the voice of God in this bequest, saying, 'Here are five of my poor. I have sent them to you that you may deliver them from the hand of the oppressor.' Her resolution was instantly taken; no doubts no doubts , no thoughts of wealth or inheritance clouded her vision; but how shall she proceed? Shall she trust her brother? Alas! she knew knew him too well. To hire an agent, here means were not sufficient, and she took the heroic resolution that she would be herself the instrument of their deliverance. With her babe in her arms, she crossed the ocean at an inclement season of the year, and arrived at Antigua only to meet the reproaches of a brother, and the sneers and insults of almost the whole population. They told her of dangers and fears, but she went calmly on. They could not prevent her purpose, and the liberated slaves poured out their blessings and thanks amid tears of gratitude and joy. About six months after this event, a young missionary was about returning to England for his health, and was desirous of taking with him some preserves, shells, &c., as presents to his friends. They happened to be very scarce at that time: at last, he heard of two women who had a very fine stock. He went to their hut, and they willingly displayed their little store. 'Well, now,' said he, 'name your price.' 'We no want to sell them, massa,' was the reply. 'Why? I will give a large price for them, as I must sail to-morrow.' Still the reply was, 'We cannot sell them, massa.' His curiosity was excited, and when they could no longer with courtesy refuse to give a reason, they said, with a pathos and sweetness which thrilled the young man's heart, 'You no hear about our good missis, massa; how she came over the great sea, with her little picaninny in her arms, and all to make us free: and how all the buckra massas and her brother mad with her 'bout we: and you think we ever forget her? No! massa, never. And so we getting these things, massa, to send to our kind missis!' About six months after this event, a young missionary was about returning to England for his health, and was desirous of taking with him some preserves, shells, &c., as presents to his friends. They happened to be very scarce at that time: at last, he heard of two women who had a very fine stock. He went to their hut, and they willingly displayed their little store. 'Well, now,' said he, 'name your price.' 'We no want to sell them, massa,' was the reply. 'Why? I will give a large price for them, as I must sail to-morrow.' Still the reply was, 'We cannot cannot sell them, massa.' His curiosity was excited, and when they could no longer with courtesy refuse to give a reason, they said, with a pathos and sweetness which thrilled the young man's heart, 'You no hear about our good missis, massa; how she came over the great sea, with her little picaninny in her arms, and all to make us free: and how all the buckra massas and her brother mad with her 'bout we: and you think we ever forget her? No! massa, never. And so we getting these things, massa, to send to our kind missis!' Oh! why will not mankind learn that love wins with peace and sweetness, what force labors in vain to compel? Oh! why will not mankind learn that love love wins with peace and sweetness, what force force labors in vain to compel? 

 In the beginning, abolitionists thought only of abolishing slavery. With one heart and mind they united for the accomplishment of that object. They aimed not to create or increase a sect or party; nor to promote any narrow, selfish, or temporary interest. There was no envy, jealousy, or fear of one another. None balanced whether he should work with all men, and with all his might, for the common object of all. Each did in freedom and with zeal whatever work he found to do. None wearied of his task, or vaunted his sacrifices, or carped at his coadjutors. We were few, but we were felt, because we pulled one way. The people, while they sorely tried us, were edified at the temper of the steel, and many who were sceptical of human disinterestedness, and therefore hopeless of the human race, had the grace to regret that our plan was but a pleasant vision. This auspicious progress was interrupted by the attempts of some to subject the opinions and the action of their brethren to tests of their own contrivance. They sought, by astute interpretations, to narrow our platform, and to monopolize anti-slavery truth, not reflecting that truth monopolized is error, as light when confined, becomes darkness. Such schemes, conceived in the very spirit of slaveholding, and revived from time to time in varying forms, it was the duty and the privilege of primitive abolitionists to meet and resist, 'with hearts of controversy.' It was nor that they loved harmony less, but that they loved truth, the soul of harmony, more. Let us endeavor to put a finger upon the precise source of these discords. It was an attempt to wield prejudice against free inquiry, to control the operations of mind by the mechanical power of organization; to trammel up thought, lest in its free range it should hit institutions, and jostle down dogmas hitherto deemed sacred. These attempts were probably made with good motives. The Inquisition originated in the best of motives. In the beginning, abolitionists thought only of abolishing slavery. With one heart and mind they united for the accomplishment of that object. They aimed not to create or increase a sect or party; nor to promote any narrow, selfish, or temporary interest. There was no envy, jealousy, or fear of one another. None balanced whether he should work with all men, and with all his might, for the common object of all. Each did in freedom and with zeal whatever work he found to do. None wearied of his task, or vaunted his sacrifices, or carped at his coadjutors. We were few, but we were felt, because we pulled one way. The people, while they sorely tried us, were edified at the temper of the steel, and many who were sceptical of human disinterestedness, and therefore hopeless of the human race, had the grace to regret that our plan was was but a pleasant vision. This auspicious progress was interrupted by the attempts of some to subject the opinions and the action of their brethren to tests of their own contrivance. They sought, by astute interpretations, to narrow our platform, and to monopolize anti-slavery truth, not reflecting that truth monopolized is error, as light when confined, becomes darkness. Such schemes, conceived in the very spirit of slaveholding, and revived from time to time in varying forms, it was the duty and the privilege of primitive abolitionists to meet and resist, 'with hearts of controversy.' It was nor that they loved harmony less, but that they loved truth, the soul of harmony, more. Let us endeavor to put a finger upon the precise source of these discords. It was an attempt to wield prejudice against free inquiry, to control the operations of mind by the mechanical power of organization; to trammel up thought, lest in its free range it should hit institutions, and jostle down dogmas hitherto deemed sacred. These attempts were probably made with good motives. The Inquisition originated in the best of motives. Conservative abolitionists had an undoubted right to disclaim any views falsely imputed to them, or to the society, which they represented. They did so; and had they stopped there, all would have been well. They issued a declaration that they did not endorse the opinions of Henry C. Wright, on non-resistance, and the legitimacy of human governments. If this was done to arrest the propagation or check the progress of those opinions, it was wrong, and a palpable abuse of organized action, and of their delegated power; inasmuch as the Executive Committee was constituted the organ of the anti-slavery association for the purpose of promoting abolition, and warring against slavery; and not to set as an inquisition to determine the orthodoxy or heterodoxy or anybody's opinions on any other subject. The disclaimer of views falsely imputed to the Society, was right; first, as a simple homage to truth— and secondly, to enable the public to understand clearly what they encouraged, when they gave their money to anti-slavery, and what they embraced when they subscribed their names. When, however, the 'lords brethren' went so far as to deal in excommunications, and to employ the power and the press of the whole anti-slavery association for proscribing a part, denying them at the same time the common privilege of being heard through that press, and before the whole tribunal from which judgment against them was demanded, those brethren manifested a spirit, to which we should hesitate to entrust the physical power that enacted the tragedies of Rome, Constance, and Geneva. This spirit was the true cause of the schism which rent our original Society in twain, shook the confidence of the people in anti-slavery organization, and dried up, in a great measure, the well-springs of benevolence which had opened, and were opening, for the relief of the slave. A majority of mankind, in any condition in which they have yet existed, do not investigate deeply the merits of the greatest controversies. They have not time for it, nor the means of minute analysis, and comparison. When they saw abolitionists split into parties, both containing men hitherto considered wise and faithful friends of freedom, and heard their mutual denunciations, they knew not what to believe; and determined to suspend their co-operation with either, until 'by their fruits' they should know which had the right. Thus it has happened, that while the amount of anti-slavery feeling and conviction has increased in this country more than tenfold, the contributions to both sections of the anti-slavery association have been less than half what they were when we were one, and the accession of new societies and new members has been null, and is no longer looked for. The schism, therefore, was a severe blow to the prosperity and power of anti-slavery organization. The strength and [ ] of voluntary organizations is the material means of carrying out the conceptions of individuals. If these means are delayed, organization is troubled; if withdrawn, it dies. Conservative abolitionists had an undoubted right to disclaim any views falsely imputed to them, or to the society, which they represented. They did so; and had they stopped there, all would have been well. They issued a declaration that they did not endorse the opinions of Henry C. Wright, on non-resistance, and the legitimacy of human governments. If this was done to arrest the propagation or check the progress of those opinions, it was wrong, and a palpable abuse of organized action, and of their delegated power; inasmuch as the Executive Committee was constituted the organ of the anti-slavery association for the purpose of promoting abolition, and warring against slavery; and not to set as an inquisition to determine the orthodoxy or heterodoxy or anybody's opinions on any other subject. The disclaimer of views falsely imputed to the Society, was right; first, as a simple homage to truth— and secondly, to enable the public to understand clearly what they encouraged, when they gave their money to anti-slavery, and what they embraced when they subscribed their names. When, however, the 'lords brethren' went so far as to deal in excommunications, and to employ the power and the press of the whole anti-slavery association for proscribing a part, denying them at the same time the common privilege of being heard through that press, and before the whole tribunal from which judgment against them was demanded, those brethren brethren manifested a spirit, to which we should hesitate to entrust the physical power that enacted the tragedies of Rome, Constance, and Geneva. Geneva. This spirit was the true cause of the schism which rent our original Society in twain, shook the confidence of the people in anti-slavery organization, and dried up, in a great measure, the well-springs of benevolence which had opened, and were opening, for the relief of the slave. A majority of mankind, in any condition in which they have yet existed, do not investigate deeply the merits of the greatest controversies. They have not time for it, nor the means of minute analysis, and comparison. When they saw abolitionists split into parties, both containing men hitherto considered wise and faithful friends of freedom, and heard their mutual denunciations, they knew not what to believe; and determined to suspend their co-operation with either, until 'by their fruits' they should know which had the right. Thus it has happened, that while the amount of anti-slavery feeling and conviction has increased in this country more than tenfold, the contributions to both sections of the anti-slavery association have been less than half what they were when we were one, and the accession of new societies and new members has been null, and is no longer looked for. The schism, therefore, was a severe blow to the prosperity and power of anti-slavery organization. The strength and [ ] of voluntary organizations is the material means of carrying out the conceptions of individuals. If these means are delayed, organization is troubled; if withdrawn, it dies. The greatest mischief wrought by 'the regulators' of opinion, the compellers of conformity, was not the impairing of public confidence in us all, and drying up the sources of vitality to both organizations. There has been another consequence, much more serious. The greatest mischief wrought by 'the regulators' of opinion, the compellers of conformity, was not the impairing of public confidence in us all, and drying up the sources of vitality to both organizations. There has been another consequence, much more serious. The new organization had gone off on the avowed ground that they could not, scripturally and conscientiously remain in an association where women were deemed to be 'persons,' and to have a voice. This will soon seem as wonderful as the witch delusion. With this, and with no other distinctive and avowed principle, did new organization start. They soon saw that they could make nothing of it; and that as a party, they must expire under general odium, 'for their false clamor,' unless 'they got up a new issue.' This they did, by voting that they were 'the liberty party,' and nominating themselves for all the great offices in the country. This Liberty party is not, therefore, a form of political action, emanating from principle, but arising from the necessity of their position. The party came into existence not for the sake of the principle, but the principle for the sake of the party. It is nothing genuine— it is artificial, factitious; in short, it is a sham. It has hatched a whole brood of shams. The most notable of these is the dogma that an abolitionist cannot, without betraying the bleeding slave, retain a connexion with either of the political parties, but is bound to COME OUT from them. This is a cunning device for driving men into their own ranks. But to make the operation doubly sure, and render escape from their toils impossible, a subsidiary sham was wanted. This was supplied by the sudden discovery that it is the bounden duty of every abolitionist to go to the polls, at all elections, and put in his vote. Thus, out of the sin of voting with either of the great parties, and the sin of not voting at all, they have made up scarecrows enough to turn all the terrified sinners in the country from their old accomplices to the third party. The new organization had gone off on the avowed ground that they could not, scripturally and conscientiously remain in an association where women were deemed to be 'persons,' and to have a voice. This will soon seem as wonderful as the witch delusion. With this, and with no other distinctive and avowed principle, did new organization start. They soon saw that they could make nothing of it; and that as a party, they must expire under general odium, 'for their false clamor,' unless 'they got up a new issue.' This they did, by voting that they were ' the the liberty party,' and nominating themselves for all the great offices in the country. This Liberty party is not, therefore, a form of political action, emanating from principle, but arising from the necessity of their position. The party came into existence not for the sake of the principle, but the principle for the sake of the party. It is nothing genuine— it is artificial, factitious; in short, it is a sham. It has hatched a whole brood of shams. The most notable of these is the dogma that an abolitionist cannot, without betraying the bleeding slave, retain a connexion with either of the political parties, but is bound to COME OUT from them. This is a cunning device for driving men into their own ranks. But to make the operation doubly sure, and render escape from their toils impossible, a subsidiary sham was wanted. This was supplied by the sudden discovery that it is the bounden duty of every abolitionist to go to the polls, at all elections, and put in his vote. Thus, out of the sin of voting with either of the great parties, and the sin of not voting at all, they have made up scarecrows enough to turn all the terrified sinners in the country from their old accomplices to the third party. The American Anti-Slavery Society, the original organization, saw that these were mere pretenses got up to get money and gain adherents; and this they proceeded to demonstrate, by applying the following test: 'If (said they) it be a sin to remain in connexion with political parties on account of their bro-slavery character and measures, much more is it sin to remain, as you are doing, in churches which write on their brow, "Holiness to the Lord," and yet fellowship slavery, "the sum of all villanies," and invite it into their pulpits— churches which your own political chief has shown to be "the bulwark of American slavery."' This is perfectly unanswerable as an argument to third party politicians, who remain in connexion with pro-slavery churches, but it is applicable to no other class. It ought to drive them out of those churches, or out of their party; or they ought to be set down as men who are insincere, and have sinister purposes. Honest and well-meaning men cannot be inconsistent. We do not assert that there are no honest men, or that there are not sincere abolitionists in the Liberty party. We know, as certainly as we can know anything of the hearts of men, that there are such. There were always pious and benevolent Jesuits; but this did not rescue the character of the sect. The American Anti-Slavery Society, the original organization, saw that these were mere pretenses got up to get money and gain adherents; and this they proceeded to demonstrate, by applying the following test: 'If (said they) it be a sin to remain in connexion with political parties on account of their bro-slavery character and measures, much more is it sin to remain, as you are doing, in churches which write on their brow, "Holiness to the Lord," and yet fellowship slavery, "the sum of all villanies," and invite it into their pulpits— churches which your own political chief has shown to be "the bulwark of American slavery."' This is perfectly unanswerable as an argument to third party politicians, who remain in connexion with pro-slavery churches, but it is applicable to no other class. It ought to drive them them out of those churches, or out of their party; or they ought to be set down as men who are insincere, and have sinister purposes. Honest and well-meaning men cannot be inconsistent. We do not assert that there are no honest men, or that there are not sincere abolitionists in the Liberty party. We know, as certainly as we can know anything of the hearts of men, that there are such. There were always pious and benevolent Jesuits; but this did not rescue the character of the sect. The old abolitionists did not succeed in shaming new organization into consistency, but they did succeed in subjecting themselves to the tyranny of shams. As they called upon their opponents 'to come out' of the pro-slavery churches, as well as the pro-slavery parties, some of them imagined that they themselves could in consistency do no less than come out of both; whereas, the argument against the consistency and sincerity of the politico-abolition party stood in all its force as against them, without our giving into their original sham, or into that with which, for the sake of argument merely, we had matched it. Some of our friends, however, thought otherwise, and acted accordingly. We bring no impeachment against them on that account, knowing that they thought and acted for what they believed to be the best. But we do affirm, as a historical fact, most instructive and important in itself, that from this snarl of shams, COME-OUTER-ISM had its birth. Third party was its real father, though they deny the paternity, and have refused it aliment. The old abolitionists did not succeed in shaming new organization into consistency, but they did succeed in subjecting themselves to the tyranny of shams. As they called upon their opponents 'to come out' of the pro-slavery churches, as well as the pro-slavery parties, some of them imagined that they themselves could in consistency do no less than come out of both; both; whereas, the argument against the consistency and sincerity of the politico-abolition party stood in all its force as against them, them, without our giving into their original sham, or into that with which, for the sake of argument merely, we had matched it. Some of our friends, however, thought otherwise, and acted accordingly. We bring no impeachment against them on that account, knowing that they thought and acted for what they believed to be the best. But we do affirm, as a historical fact, most instructive and important in itself, that from this snarl of shams, COME-OUTER-ISM had its birth. Third party was its real father, though they deny the paternity, and have refused it aliment. We are far from saying or believing that it is never right for an abolitionist to dissolve his connexion with political or ecclesiastical bodies which are found or supposed to be incorrigibly wedded to slavery. It may be very proper for those who are brought by inward convictions and outward circumstances to the conclusion that they can do most good by coming out, and setting forth the causes of their separation; but as a system of organized action, as a test to be applied to all, it is just as foreign from our Constitution, just as offensive to individual freedom, just as destructive to our platform, as the assumption that a non-resistant, or one in favor of women's rights, ought to come out from among those who sympathise and think with him on those subjects, before he can take the name, or perform the duties of an abolitionist. Some may say that the cases are not parallel, inasmuch as in the one, the renunciation would be of that which the renouncer deems true and good; but in the other, of that which is acknowledged by all abolitionists to be false and evil. We believe the distinction to be well founded, and that all enlightened and true abolitionists admit it; still, we say that there are multitudes of such abolitionists, who believe that churches may be made better, and that it is their mission to make them so; and they do not think it expedient or right to take away missionaries from ground where there is need of sending more. Then as to political parties; they do not think it creditable to new organization to be less wise than a woman, and to be taking the leaven out of a heap of dough-faces, when they ought to be putting it in, if it were not there. For ourselves, we must say that we think the doctrine of repudiating all connexion with those bodies from which our converts are to be made, and have been made, by whose accession to our ranks the great victory we hope for is to be achieved, however proper and useful it may be for individuals in particular circumstances and states of mind, is erroneous, as a principle of organized action, a departure from primitive abolitionism, a narrowing of the platform, an infringement of freedom, as unjust and schismatical when attempted to be imposed on the anti-slavery body by any number of its members, as it would be if that body assumed to interdict it to those individuals who see their way clear to embrace it. 'Stand fast, therefore, in the liberty where with Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.' We are far from saying or believing that it is never right for an abolitionist to dissolve his connexion with political or ecclesiastical bodies which are found or supposed to be incorrigibly wedded to slavery. It may be very proper for those who are brought by inward convictions and outward circumstances to the conclusion that they can do most good by coming out, and setting forth the causes of their separation; but as a system of organized action, as a test to be applied to all, it is just as foreign from our Constitution, just as offensive to individual freedom, just as destructive to our platform, as the assumption that a non-resistant, or one in favor of women's rights, ought to come out from among those who sympathise and think with him on those subjects, before he can take the name, or perform the duties of an abolitionist. Some may say that the cases are not parallel, inasmuch as in the one, the renunciation would be of that which the renouncer deems true and good; but in the other, of that which is acknowledged by all abolitionists to be false and evil. We believe the distinction to be well founded, and that all enlightened and true abolitionists admit it; still, we say that there are multitudes of such abolitionists, who believe that churches may be made better, and that it is their mission to make them so; and they do not think it expedient or right to take away missionaries from ground where there is need of sending more. Then as to political parties; they do not think it creditable to new organization to be less wise than a woman woman , and to be taking the leaven out of a heap of dough-faces, when they ought to be putting it in, if it were not there. For ourselves, we must say that we think the doctrine of repudiating all connexion with those bodies from which our converts converts are to be made, and have been made, by whose accession to our ranks the great victory we hope for is to be achieved, however proper and useful it may be for individuals in particular circumstances and states of mind, is erroneous, as a principle of organized action, a departure from primitive abolitionism, a narrowing of the platform, an infringement of freedom, as unjust and schismatical when attempted to be imposed on the anti-slavery body by any number of its members, as it would be if that body assumed to interdict it to those individuals who see their way clear to embrace it. 'Stand fast, therefore, in the liberty where with Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again again with the yoke of bondage.' The honorable and venerable Seth Sprague has seen fit to renounce his connexion with the Methodist Episcopal church for its pro-slavery corruption, and its recreancy to the requirements of its own discipline; and he has published an admirable exposition of his reasons for so doing. We doubt not that he has thereby done great good, whether more or less than he would have done by maintaining his connexion, and exerting his great power to convince and convert his late church brethren, is known unto the All-wise alone. Abolitionists differ in opinion upon this point. That it was right, however, for him, 'being persuaded in his own mind,' to act as he did, no man can doubt. But it would be just as lawful and reasonable to require him to go back as a penitent to that church, as it would be to require others to come out of theirs. This is a lesson we must learn, or there will be an and of all uniform, efficient, and general organized action. We may have organizations, as numerous as sects, as fruitful of controversy, and as powerless for good; but they would not have the confidence of the people; they would have no vitality, and no useful result. The honorable and venerable Seth Sprague has seen fit to renounce his connexion with the Methodist Episcopal church for its pro-slavery corruption, and its recreancy to the requirements of its own discipline; and he has published an admirable exposition of his reasons for so doing. We doubt not that he has thereby done great good, whether more or less than he would have done by maintaining his connexion, and exerting his great power to convince and convert his late church brethren, is known unto the All-wise alone. Abolitionists differ in opinion upon this point. That it was right, however, for him, 'being persuaded in his own mind,' to act as he did, no man can doubt. But it would be just as lawful and reasonable to require him to go back as a penitent to that church, as it would be to require others to come out of theirs. This is a lesson we must learn, or there will be an and of all uniform, efficient, and general organized action. We may have organizations, as numerous as sects, as fruitful of controversy, and as powerless for good; but they would not have the confidence of the people; they would have no vitality, and no useful result. From these observations, our position in respect to a variety of other reforms, some of which have been started since the Anti-Slavery Society came into existence, will be readily understood. In our associated capacity, we have, and can have nothing to do with them, unless it be to declare our total disconnexion from them. In ascending one height, other heights become visible. Every discovery in science, and every social improvement, leads unavoidably to the discernment of ulterior truth, and of new and distant moral elevations, which of course a desire arises within us to reach. Abolitionism demands of no man that he should shut his eyes, because she has sharpened his vision. The human mind once awakened to a keen sense of the misery and despair of large masses of our species, cannot choose what aspects of wrong, or modes of redress it will discern, any more than the astronomer, who observes the heavens with a telescope, can choose what he will discover there. The Inquisition shuts him in a dungeon, because he finds a planet running against a dogma; but that does not arrest the planet in its course. As abolitionists, we make no more distinction on account of creed, than of color. Unitarianism, Calvinism, Catholicism, Deism, Judaism, Mahometanism, Atheism, Socialism, Fourierism, Foster-and-Beachism, are all equal on the anti-slavery platform. Of course, as individuals, we have our opinions of all these things: but we have no right to intrude these opinions upon the abolition platform, any more than abolitionists have to require us to suppress them elsewhere. An individual has no right to use the time, the meetings, the newspapers, the funds, or the influence of the American Anti-Slavery Society, to propagate or recommend his views of any general or other particular reform, however interesting, desirable, and feasible, it may seem to him to be. If any one thinks with the Fourierists, that their scheme will abolish slavery of every kind, and is alone adequate to that end, let him join the Fourierists. If he thinks that putting an end to all violence will effect that result, and that non-resistance is the way to work out the problem, let him join the non-resistants. Or if he believes that abstaining from slave labor produce will do it, let him so abstain, or join the Free Produce Association. His abolition character will not be blemished by any or all of these things, nor his rights as a member of our Society destroyed or impaired. It is related that Charles V. when his attention was drawn by a meddling priest to a new case of heresy, and he was urged to bring back the heresiarch, by the convincing method of fire and faggot to conformity, answered, 'In God's name, let him set up his ladder, and go to heaven in his own way.' Let abolitionists work every one in his own way. In that, though not the best, he will work the best. If any man thinks that it is his duty to deliver our heavenly message by interrupting, in the manner of George Fox, the regular exercises of religious societies in their own houses, let him do it. We will not interfere with him, unless it be to set ourselves and those we represent, right before the public by a disclaimer, in the same manner as we should do in respect to Socialism, Whiggism, or egotism, if the calumnies of colonizationists, or, what is more likely, of the Liberty party, should render such disclaimer necessary. The life of old organized abolition is to be reached by destroying public confidence in our sincerity and singleness of purpose. Our duty to the slave, to the country, and to our own character, demands that we should not permit the car of the public to be abused, to the paralyzing of the only direct moral agency now in existence for the rescue of our country from contempt, and our countrymen from chains. From these observations, our position in respect to a variety of other reforms, some of which have been started since the Anti-Slavery Society came into existence, will be readily understood. In our associated capacity, we have, and can have nothing to do with them, unless it be to declare our total disconnexion from them. In ascending one height, other heights become visible. Every discovery in science, and every social improvement, leads unavoidably unavoidably to the discernment of ulterior truth, and of new and distant moral elevations, which of course a desire arises within us to reach. Abolitionism demands of no man that he should shut his eyes, because she has sharpened his vision. The human mind once awakened to a keen sense of the misery and despair of large masses of our species, cannot choose what aspects of wrong, or modes of redress it will discern, any more than the astronomer, who observes the heavens with a telescope, can choose what he will discover there. The Inquisition shuts him in a dungeon, because he finds a planet running against a dogma; but that does not arrest the planet in its course. As abolitionists, we make no more distinction on account of creed, than of color. Unitarianism, Calvinism, Catholicism, Deism, Judaism, Mahometanism, Atheism, Socialism, Fourierism, Foster-and-Beachism, are all equal on the anti-slavery platform. Of course, as individuals, we have our opinions of all these things: but we have no right to intrude these opinions upon the abolition platform, any more than abolitionists have to require us to suppress them elsewhere. An individual has no right to use the time, the meetings, the newspapers, the funds, or the influence of the American Anti-Slavery Society, to propagate or recommend his views of any general or other particular reform, however interesting, desirable, and feasible, it may seem to him to be. If any one thinks with the Fourierists, that their scheme will abolish slavery of every every kind, and is alone adequate to that end, let him join the Fourierists. If he thinks that putting an end to all violence will effect that result, and that non-resistance is the way to work out the problem, let him join the non-resistants. Or if he believes that abstaining from slave labor produce will do it, let him so abstain, or join the Free Produce Association. His abolition character will not be blemished by any or all of these things, nor his rights as a member of our Society destroyed or impaired. It is related that Charles V. when his attention was drawn by a meddling priest to a new case of heresy, and he was urged to bring back the heresiarch, by the convincing method of fire and faggot to conformity, answered, 'In God's name, let him set up his ladder, and go to heaven in his own way.' Let abolitionists work every one in his own way. In that, though not the best, he will work the best. If any man thinks that it is his duty to deliver our heavenly message by interrupting, in the manner of George Fox, the regular exercises of religious societies in their own houses, let him do it. We will not interfere with him, unless it be to set ourselves and those we represent, right before the public by a disclaimer, in the same manner as we should do in respect to Socialism, Whiggism, or egotism, if the calumnies of colonizationists, or, what is more likely, of the Liberty party, should render such disclaimer necessary. The life of old organized abolition is to be reached by destroying public confidence in our sincerity and singleness of purpose. Our duty to the slave, to the country, and to our own character, demands that we should not permit the car of the public to be abused, to the paralyzing of the only direct moral agency now in existence for the rescue of our country from contempt, and our countrymen from chains. We stick to the old landmarks. We mean not to surrender a particle of our own liberty, nor to trespass upon that of our associates, but only to fight (with weapons of heavenly temper,) for the liberty of the slave. We have confidence in the general honesty and ultimate righting of human society; albeit it is necessary to cut away some of the old spars and rigging. We believe in the omnipotence of truth, and 'the foolishness of preaching;' we believe in political action, and the power of the ballotbox; but we believe in it as a shadow which will follow the substance, but cannot be caught by running after it. We heartily approve of presenting respectful and well-considered interrogatories to the candidates of both political parties for important offices. These interrogatories, framed from year to year, represent happily the progress of the cause, and indicate objects of action; while the answers furnish precious materials for anti-slavery argument and reproof; and, what is not less important, for slaveholding accusation. If old abolitionists could stand the sneers of new organization a little while, and adhere manfully to their 'catechising and scatteration,' they would scatter slavery and third party too, to the four winds. In perfect consistency, as we believe, with these general principles, we are in favor, (if local causes do as they may require it,) of making independent nominations, and sustaining them with the most determined energy; but never, if either of the parties offer a candidate who will do our anti-slavery work. It is clean work, work which any honest man, any sincere and independent Democrat, or any high-minded Whig may do, and which every true patriot sooner or later must do. This we would make the test: will they in Congress, or elsewhere, if elected, do our anti-slavery work? It will be for anti-slavery committees and individuals, in their interrogatories, to lay out this work. We stick to the old landmarks. We mean not to surrender a particle of our own liberty, nor to trespass upon that of our associates, but only to fight (with weapons of heavenly temper,) for the liberty of the slave. We have confidence in the general honesty and ultimate righting righting of human society; albeit it is necessary to cut away some of the old spars and rigging. We believe in the omnipotence of truth, and 'the foolishness of preaching;' we believe in political action, and the power of the ballotbox; but we believe in it as a shadow which will follow the substance, but cannot be caught by running after it. We heartily approve of presenting respectful and well-considered interrogatories to the candidates of both political parties for important offices. These interrogatories, framed from year to year, represent happily the progress of the cause, and indicate objects of action; while the answers furnish precious materials for anti-slavery argument and reproof; and, what is not less important, for slaveholding accusation. If old abolitionists could stand the sneers of new organization a little while, and adhere manfully to their 'catechising and scatteration,' they would scatter slavery and third party too, to the four winds. In perfect consistency, as we believe, with these general principles, we are in favor, (if local causes do as they may require it,) of making independent nominations, and sustaining them with the most determined energy; but never, if either of the parties offer a candidate who will do our anti-slavery work. will do our anti-slavery work. It is clean work, work which any honest man, any sincere and independent Democrat, or any high-minded Whig may do, and which every true patriot sooner or later must do. every true patriot sooner or later must do. This we would make the test: will they in Congress, or elsewhere, if elected, do our anti-slavery work? It will be for anti-slavery committees and individuals, in their interrogatories, to lay out this work. to lay out this work. Never were the people of any country more ripe for a good work. We have marked, with surprise and delight, during the few weeks that we have been in full communion with the press, the vast change which has taken place in public sentiment within five years. Then it was difficult to get an anti-slavery paragraph into any political or religious paper. We have ourselves run the gauntlet of the New-York presses in vain. Now, the Standard cannot contain a tithe of the anti-slavery matter poured out by what is called the pro-slavery pres. 'Now's the day, and now's the hour,' if we only had the men. 'The harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few.' Never were the people of any country more ripe for a good work. We have marked, with surprise and delight, during the few weeks that we have been in full communion with the press, the vast change which has taken place in public sentiment within five years. Then it was difficult to get an anti-slavery paragraph into any political or religious paper. We have ourselves run the gauntlet of the New-York presses in vain. Now, the Standard cannot contain a tithe of the anti-slavery matter poured out by what is called the pro-slavery pres. 'Now's the day, and now's the hour,' if we only had the men. men. 'The harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few.' 

 By statements recently made to us by a gentleman from Massachusetts, who derived his information at Fall River, it appears that the whole terrible calamity that has recently fallen upon that village, was the result of Sabbath-breaking. The fire was kindled by some idle boys, who were amusing themselves with India crackers. But this is not all. The mills there were furnished with hose, attached to force pumps, operated by the machinery of the mills, by which water, in any quantity, could be thrown upon any part of the village, at a moment's warning; and the fire when first discovered could have been extinguished with perfect ease. But the ponds were drawn off, so that the machinery could not be put in motion. This fact has been publicly stated, but it has not been publicly stated why they were drawn off. The fact, as stated to us, was, one of the companies wished to make some additional excavations in the bed of the pond; and, as they could not afford to have the mills stand still on a week day, the pond was drawn off to afford them an opportunity to do it on the . . . in blasting rocks, at the time the fire was discovered. But the innocent suffer with the guilty— and therefore we hope the fountains of public sympathy will not be dried up; but the event has taught a lesson, by which it is hoped that Sabbath-breakers there and elsewhere will be profited.— Washingtonian Jour. By statements recently made to us by a gentleman from Massachusetts, who derived his information at Fall River, it appears that the whole terrible calamity that has recently fallen upon that village, was the result of Sabbath-breaking. The fire was kindled by some idle boys, who were amusing themselves with India crackers. But this is not all. The mills there were furnished with hose, attached to force pumps, operated by the machinery of the mills, by which water, in any quantity, could be thrown upon any part of the village, at a moment's warning; and the fire when first discovered could have been extinguished with perfect ease. But the ponds were drawn off ponds were drawn off , so that the machinery could not be put in motion. This fact has been publicly stated, but it has not been publicly stated why why they were drawn off. The fact, as stated to us, was, one of the companies wished to make some additional excavations in the bed of the pond; and, as they could not afford could not afford to have the mills stand still on a week day, the pond was drawn off to afford them an opportunity to do it on the on the . . . in blasting rocks, at the time the fire was discovered. But the innocent suffer with the guilty— and therefore we hope the fountains of public sympathy will not be dried up; but the event has taught a lesson, by which it is hoped that Sabbath-breakers there and elsewhere will be profited.— Washingtonian Jour. Washingtonian Jour. Here we have it— a powerful argument against Sabbath-breaking! The editor of this Journal, and the author of this consummate logic, is the Rev. Thomas Adams of Portland, Me. I would not now have noticed this argument, had I not frequently seen the same process of reasoning adopted by other editors, and contributors to different journals. The same playing with the 'India crackers' on any other day of the week, and in the same manner, would have started the fire the same as on that day; and had that company drawn off the water, so as to excavate the rocks, when the boys played with the crackers, the engines could not have worked, and, consequently, the fire would have destroyed the property; and, according to this editor's argument, the drawing off of the water, and the playing with the crackers, would have been a violation of that day, instead of the fire being a natural effect following a natural cause. For the purpose of showing the fallaby of such reasoning, I will copy another account of an occurrence that took place on the Sabbath, in June last. It was truly a startling one. Here we have it— a powerful argument against Sabbath-breaking! The editor of this Journal, and the author of this consummate logic, is the Rev. Thomas Adams of Portland, Me. I would not now have noticed this argument, had I not frequently seen the same process of reasoning adopted by other editors, and contributors to different journals. The same playing with the 'India crackers' on any other day of the week, and in the same manner, would have started the fire the same as on that day; and had that company drawn off the water, so as to excavate the rocks, when the boys played with the crackers, the engines could not have worked, and, consequently, the fire would have destroyed the property; and, according to this editor's argument, the drawing off of the water, and the playing with the crackers, would have been a violation of that day that day , instead of the fire being a natural effect natural effect following a natural cause. natural cause. For the purpose of showing the fallaby of such reasoning, I will copy another account of an occurrence that took place on the Sabbath, in June last. It was truly a startling one. Death by Lightning.— The Milton Register, of last Saturday, relates the following very affecting incident; Death by Lightning. Death by Lightning. — The Milton Register, of last Saturday, relates the following very affecting incident; A few miles from Williamsport, Lycoming county, a family, consisting of a father and mother, and four children, were engaged in family devotion on the Sunday evening preceding. The father and mother were both killed by lightning, while the four children were preserved unharmed.— U.S. Gaz. A few miles from Williamsport, Lycoming county, a family, consisting of a father and mother, and four children, were engaged in family devotion on the Sunday evening preceding. The father and mother were both killed by lightning, while the four children were preserved unharmed.— U.S. Gaz. U.S. Gaz. Here, according to the first logical deductions, it is a violation of the Sabbath for a man to pray on that day! Can you get away from that, Mr. Adams? I read an account last year of two ministers in Connecticut, I think, being prostrated by lightning, on the Sabbath, while engaged in administering the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Was this a violation of the Sabbath? I have read quite a number of accounts of ministers losing their lives from the effect of lightning, palsy, affection of the heart, &c. while standing in their pulpits on the Sabbath, engaged in instructing their congregations on religious subjects. I have also seen several accounts of meeting-houses being struck by lightning on the Sabbath, while ministers and people were assembled for religious instruction and devotion. Also accounts of houses being burnt on that day, from the having been kindled in stoves or fireplaces, and thence communicating to the buildings themselves. Now, ye logical reasoners, just carry out your profound arguments and deductions, and see whether you can find a child of six years of age, and of common sense, that cannot, when the question is clearly stated to them, explode the whole in five minutes. Here, according to the first logical deductions, it is a violation of the Sabbath for a man to pray pray on that day! Can you get away from that, Mr. Adams? I read an account last year of two ministers in Connecticut, I think, being prostrated by lightning, on the Sabbath, while engaged in administering the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Was this a violation of the Sabbath? I have read quite a number of accounts of ministers losing their lives from the effect of lightning, palsy, affection of the heart, &c. while standing in their pulpits on the Sabbath, engaged in instructing their congregations on religious subjects. I have also seen several accounts of meeting-houses being struck by lightning on the Sabbath, while ministers and people were assembled for religious instruction and devotion. Also accounts of houses being burnt on that day, from the having been kindled in stoves or fireplaces, and thence communicating to the buildings themselves. Now, ye logical reasoners, just carry out your profound arguments and deductions, and see whether you can find a child of six years of age, and of common sense, that cannot, when the question is clearly stated to them, explode the whole in five minutes. 

 In the early part of last Autumn, I received a letter from you, requesting me to prepare an article for the press, in vindication of the strong language of denunciation of the American Church and clergy, which I employed at the late Anti-Slavery Convention on your Island, and which was the occasion of the disgraceful mob, which disturbed and broke up that meeting. In my answer, I gave you assurance of prompt compliance with your request; but for reasons satisfactory to myself, I have failed to fulfil my promise, up to the present time. The novelty of the occasion has now passed away, the deep and malignant passions which were stirred in the bosoms of no inconsiderable portion of your citizens have, doubless, subsided, but the important facts connected with, it, are yet fresh in the memories of all; and as the occasion was one of general not local interest, and the spirit which was there exhibited was a fair specimen of the temper of our country, I trust it will not be deemed amiss in me, to make it a subject of public notice, even at this late period. In the early part of last Autumn, I received a letter from you, requesting me to prepare an article for the press, in vindication of the strong language of denunciation of the American Church and clergy, which I employed at the late Anti-Slavery Convention on your Island, and which was the occasion of the disgraceful mob, which disturbed and broke up that meeting. In my answer, I gave you assurance of prompt compliance with your request; but for reasons satisfactory to myself, I have failed to fulfil my promise, up to the present time. The novelty of the occasion has now passed away, the deep and malignant passions which were stirred in the bosoms of no inconsiderable portion of your citizens have, doubless, subsided, but the important facts facts connected with, it, are yet fresh in the memories of all; and as the occasion was one of general not local interest, and the spirit which was there exhibited was a fair specimen of the temper temper of our country, I trust it will not be deemed amiss in me, to make it a subject of public notice, even at this late period. But in the remarks which I propose to make, it will not be my object to vindicate myself in the opinion of the public. Indeed, to tell the truth, I place a very low estimate on the good opinions of my countrymen— quite as low, I think, as they do on mine, if I may judge from their very great solicitude to have me speak well of them, which I positively never can, so long as their national Capital is a human flesh mart, and their chief magistrate a slaveholder. The most that I can do, is to pledge myself never to mob them, nay, nor even to be displeased with them, for speaking ill of me, while their character remains what it now is. And I bere tender them my sincere thanks for the high compliment they have so often paid to my opinions, in the extreme measures to which they have resorted, to compel me to speak in their praise. Indeed, I value the lawless violence with which they have broken up a majority of the meetings which I have attended, within the last nine months, as proof of their profound regard for the truth and power of what I say. But so long as their character is such that I can bestow no commendations, I shall ask none in return. Nor is it my intention in these remarks to weaken, by explanations, the force of my testimony against the popular religion of our country, for the purpose of allaying the spirit of bloody persecution which has, of late, characterized the opposition of my course. True, my life is in danger, especially whenever I attempt to utter my sentiments in houses dedicated to the worship of God; but He who has opened to my view other worlds in which to reap the rewards and honors of a life of toil and suffering in the cause of truth and human freedom in this, has taught me to 'be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.' Hence, I have no pacificatory explanations to offer, no coward disclaimers to make. But I shall aim to present to the comprehension of the humblest individual into whose hands this letter may chance to fall, a clear and comprehensive view of the intrinsic moral character of that class of our countrymen, who claim our respect and veneration as ministers and fellowers of the Prince of Peace. I am charged with having done them great injustice in my remarks on that occasion. Many of those who make this charge, doubtless, honestly think so. To correct their error, to reflect on their minds the light which God has kindly shed on mine, to break the fatal spell in which they are now held by the sorcery of a designing priesthood, and prove that priesthood to be a 'brotherhood of thieves,' and the 'bulwark of American slavery,' is all that I shall aim to do. But in the remarks which I propose to make, it will not be my object to vindicate myself in the opinion of the public. Indeed, to tell the truth, I place a very low estimate on the good opinions of my countrymen— quite as low, I think, as they do on mine, if I may judge from their very great solicitude to have me speak well of them, which I positively positively never can, so long as their national Capital is a human flesh mart, and their chief magistrate a slaveholder. The most that I can do, is to pledge myself never to mob them, nay, nor even to be displeased displeased with them, for speaking ill of me, while their character remains what it now is. And I bere tender them my sincere thanks for the high compliment they have so often paid to my opinions, in the extreme extreme measures to which they have resorted, to compel me to speak in their praise. Indeed, I value the lawless violence with which they have broken up a majority of the meetings which I have attended, within the last nine months, as proof of their profound regard for the truth and power of what I say. But so long as their character is such that I can bestow no commendations, I shall ask none in return. Nor is it my intention in these remarks to weaken, by explanations, the force of my testimony against the popular religion of our country, for the purpose of allaying the spirit of bloody persecution which has, of late, characterized the opposition of my course. True, my life is in danger, especially whenever I attempt to utter my sentiments in houses dedicated to the worship of God; but He who has opened to my view other worlds in which to reap the rewards and honors of a life of toil and suffering in the cause of truth and human freedom in this, has taught me to 'be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.' Hence, I have no pacificatory explanations to offer, no coward disclaimers to make. But I shall aim to present to the comprehension of the humblest individual into whose hands this letter may chance to fall, a clear and comprehensive view of the intrinsic moral character of that class of our countrymen, who claim our respect and veneration as ministers and fellowers of the Prince of Peace. I am charged with having done them great injustice in my remarks on that occasion. Many of those who make this charge, doubtless, honestly think so. To correct their error, to reflect on their minds the light which God has kindly shed on mine, to break the fatal spell in which they are now held by the sorcery of a designing priesthood, and prove that priesthood to be a 'brotherhood of thieves,' and the 'bulwark of American slavery,' is all that I shall aim to do. But I ought, perhaps, in justice to those who know nothing of my religious sentiments except from the misrepresentations of my enemies, to say, that I have no feelings of personal hostility towards any portion of the church or clergy of our country. As children of the same Father, they are endeared to me by the holiest of all ties; and I am as ready to suffer, if need be, in defence of their rights, as in defence of the rights of the southern slave. My objections to them are purely conscientious. I am a firm believer in the Christian religion, and in Jesus as a divine being, who is to be our final Judge. I was born and nurtured in the bosom of the church, and for twelve years, was among its most active members. At the age of twenty-two, I left the allurements of an active business life on which I had just entered, with fair prospects, and for seven successive years, cloistered myself within the walls of our literary institutions, in 'a course of study preparatory to the ministry.' The only object I had in view in changing my pursuits, at this advanced period of life, was to render myself more useful to the world, by extending the principles of Christianity as taught and lived out by their great Author. In renouncing the priesthood and an organized church, and laboring for their overthrow, my object is still the same. I entered them on the supposition that they were what from a child I had been taught to regard them, the enclosures of Christ's ministers and flock, and his chosen instrumentalities for extending his kingdom on the earth. I have left them from an unresistible conviction, in spite of my early prejudices, that they are a 'hold of every foul spirit,' and the devices of men to gain influence and power. And in rebuking their adherents as I do, my only object is to awaken them, if possible, to a sense of their guilt and moral degradation, and bring them to repentance, and a knowledge of the true God, of whom most of them are now lamentably ignorant, as their lives clearly prove. But I ought, perhaps, in justice to those who know nothing of my religious sentiments except from the misrepresentations of my enemies, to say, that I have no feelings of personal hostility towards any portion of the church or clergy of our country. As children of the same Father, they are endeared to me by the holiest of all ties; and I am as ready to suffer, if need be, in defence of their rights, as in defence of the rights of the southern slave. My objections to them are purely conscientious. I am a firm believer in the Christian religion, and in Jesus as a divine being, who is to be our final Judge. I was born and nurtured in the bosom of the church, and for twelve years, was among its most active members. At the age of twenty-two, I left the allurements of an active business life on which I had just entered, with fair prospects, and for seven successive years, cloistered myself within the walls of our literary institutions, in 'a course of study preparatory to the ministry.' The only object I had in view in changing my pursuits, at this advanced period of life, was to render myself more useful to the world, by extending the principles of Christianity as taught and lived out by their great Author. In renouncing the priesthood and an organized church, and laboring for their overthrow, my object is still the same. I entered them on the supposition that they were what from a child I had been taught to regard them, the enclosures of Christ's ministers and flock, and his chosen instrumentalities for extending his kingdom on the earth. I have left them from an unresistible conviction, in spite of my early prejudices, that they are a 'hold of every foul spirit,' and the devices of men to gain influence and power. And in rebuking their adherents as I do, my only object is to awaken them, if possible, to a sense of their guilt and moral degradation, and bring them to repentance, and a knowledge of the true God, of whom most of them are now lamentably ignorant, as their lives clearly prove. The remarks which I made at the Convention were of a most grave and startling character. They strike at the very foundation of all our popular ecclesiastical institutions, and exhibit them to the world as the apologists and supporters of the most atrocious system of oppression and wrong beneath which humanity has ever groaned. They reflect on the church the deepest possible odium, by disclosing to public view the chains and handcuffs, the whips and branding-irons, the rifles and bloodhounds, with which her ministers and deacons bind the limbs, and lacerate the flesh of innocent men and defenceless women. They cast upon the clergy the same dark shade which Jesus threw over the ministers of his day, when he tore away the veil beneath which they had successfully concealed their diabolical schemes of personal aggrandizement and power, and denounced them before all the people, as a 'den of thieves,' as 'fools and blind,' 'whited sepulchres,' 'blind guides, which strain at a gnat and swallow a camel,' 'hypocrites, who devour widow's houses, and for a pretense make long prayers,' 'liars,' 'adulterers,' 'serpents,' 'a generation of vipers,' who could not 'escape the damnation of hell.' But appalling and ominous as they were, I am not aware that I gave the parties accused, or their mobocratic friends, any just cause of complaint. They were all spoken in public, in a free meeting, where all who dissented from me were not only invited, but warmly urged, to reply. I was an entire stranger among you, with nothing but the naked truth and a few sympathising friends to sustain me, while the whole weight of popular sentiment was in their favor. Was the controversy unequal, on their part? Were they afraid to meet me with the same honorable weapons which I had chosen? Conscious innocence seldom consents to tarnish its character by a dishonorable defence. Had my charges been unfounded, a refutition of them, under the circumstances, would have been most easy and triumphant. My opponents, had they been innocent, could have acquitted themselves honorably, and overwhelmed their accuser in deep disgrace, without the necessity of resorting to those arguments which appeal only to one's fears of personal harm, and which are certain to re-act upon their authors, when the threatened danger subsides. The remarks which I made at the Convention were of a most grave and startling character. They strike at the very foundation of all our popular ecclesiastical institutions, and exhibit them to the world as the apologists and supporters of the most atrocious system of oppression and wrong beneath which humanity has ever groaned. They reflect on the church the deepest possible odium, by disclosing to public view the chains and handcuffs, the whips and branding-irons, the rifles and bloodhounds, with which her ministers and deacons bind the limbs, and lacerate the flesh of innocent men and defenceless women. They cast upon the clergy the same dark shade which Jesus threw over the ministers of his day, when he tore away the veil beneath which they had successfully concealed their diabolical schemes of personal aggrandizement and power, and denounced them before all the people, as a 'den of thieves,' as 'fools and blind,' 'whited sepulchres,' 'blind guides, which strain at a gnat and swallow a camel,' 'hypocrites, who devour widow's houses, and for a pretense make long prayers,' 'liars,' 'adulterers,' 'serpents,' 'a generation of vipers,' who could not 'escape the damnation of hell.' But appalling and ominous as they were, I am not aware that I gave the parties accused, or their mobocratic friends, any just cause of complaint. They were all spoken in public, in a free meeting, where all who dissented from me were not only invited, but warmly urged, to reply. I was an entire stranger among you, with nothing but the naked truth and a few sympathising friends to sustain me, while the whole weight of popular sentiment was in their favor. Was the controversy unequal, on their part? Were they afraid to meet me with the same honorable weapons which I had chosen? Conscious innocence seldom consents to tarnish its character by a dishonorable defence. Had my charges been unfounded, a refutition of them, under the circumstances, would have been most easy and triumphant. My opponents, had they been innocent, could have acquitted themselves honorably, and overwhelmed their accuser in deep disgrace, without the necessity of resorting to those arguments which appeal only to one's fears of personal harm, and which are certain to re-act upon their authors, when the threatened danger subsides. But if after all that I have alleged against them be true, it was, obviously, my right, nay, my imperative duty, to make the disclosures which I did, even though it might be, as you well know it was, at the peril of my life, and the lives of my associates. But if after all that I have alleged against them be true, it was, obviously, my right, nay, my imperative duty, to make the disclosures which I did, even though it might be, as you well know it was, at the peril of my life, and the lives of my associates. In exposing the deep and fathomless abominations of those pious thieves who gain their livelihood by preaching sermons and stealing babies, I am not at liberty to yield to any intimidations, however imposing the source from which they come. The right of speech— the liberty to utter our own convictions freely, at all times, and in all places, at discretion, unawed by fear, unembarrassed by force,— is the gift of God to every member of the family of man, and should be preserved inviolate: and for one, I can consent to surrender it to no power on earth, but with the loss of life itself. Let not the petty tyrants of our land, in Church or State, think to escape the censures which their crimes deserve, by hedging themselves about with the frightful penalties of human law, or the more frightful violence of a drunken and murderous mob. There live the men who are not afraid to die even though called so meet their fate within the gloomy walls of a dismal prison, with no kind hand to wipe the cold death-sweat from their sinking brow; and they scorn a fetter on limb or spirit. They know their rights, and know how to defend them, or to obtain more than an equivalent at for their loss, in the rewards of a martyr to the right. While life remains, they will speak, and speak freely, though it be in a 'Voice from the Jail': nor will they treat the crimes and the vices of slave-breeding priests and their consecrated abettors of the North with less severity than they do the crimes and vices of other marauders on their neighbors property and rights. Nor should the friends of freedom be alarmed at the consequences of this faithful dealing with 'spiritual wickedness in high places.' The mobs which it creates, are but the violent cantortions of the patient, as the deep gashes of the operator's knife severs the infected limb from his sickly and emancipated body. In exposing the deep and fathomless abominations of those pious pious thieves who gain their livelihood by preaching sermons and stealing babies, I am not at liberty to yield to any intimidations, however imposing the source from which they come. The right of speech— the liberty to utter our own convictions freely freely , at all times, and in all places, at discretion, unawed by fear, unembarrassed by force,— is the gift of God to every member of the family of man, and should be preserved inviolate: and for one, I can consent to surrender it to no power on earth, but with the loss of life itself. Let not the petty tyrants of our land, in Church or State, think to escape the censures which their crimes deserve, by hedging themselves about with the frightful penalties of human law, or the more frightful violence of a drunken and murderous mob. There live the men who are not afraid to die even though called so meet their fate within the gloomy walls of a dismal prison, with no kind hand to wipe the cold death-sweat from their sinking brow; and they scorn a fetter on limb limb or spirit spirit . They know their rights, and know how to defend them, or to obtain more than an equivalent at for their loss, in the rewards of a martyr to the right. While life remains, they will speak, and speak freely freely , though it be in a 'Voice from the Jail': nor will they treat the crimes and the vices of slave-breeding priests and their consecrated consecrated abettors of the North with less severity than they do the crimes and vices of other marauders marauders on their neighbors property and rights. Nor should the friends of freedom be alarmed at the consequences of this faithful dealing with 'spiritual wickedness in high places.' The mobs mobs which it creates, are but the violent cantortions of the patient, as the deep gashes of the operator's knife severs the infected limb from his sickly and emancipated body. The fact that my charges against the religious sects of our country were met with violence and outrage, instead of sound arguments and invalidating testimony, is strong presumptive evidence of their truth. The innocent never find occasion to resort to this disgraceful mode of defence. If our clergy and church were the ministers and church of Christ, would their reputation be defended by drunken and murderous mobs? Are brickbats and rotten eggs the weapons of truth and Christianity? Did Jesus say to his disciples, 'Blessed are ye when the mob shall speak well of you, and shall defend you? The Church, Slavery, and the mob, are a queer trinity! And yet that they are a trinity— that they all 'agree in one'— cannot be denied. Every assault which we have made upon the bloody slave system, as I shall hereafter show, has been promptly met and repelled by the church, which is herself the claimant of several hundred thousand slaves; and whenever we have attempted to expose the guilt and hypocrisy of the church, the mob has uniformly been first and foremost in her defence, But I rest not on presumptive evidence, however strong and conclusive, to sustain my allegations against the American church and clergy. The proof of their identity with slavery, and of their consequent deep and unparalleled criminality, is positive and overwhelming; and is fully adequate to sustain the gravest charges, and to justify the most denunciatory language, that have ever fallen from the lips of their most inveterate opponents. The fact that my charges against the religious sects of our country were met with violence and outrage, instead of sound arguments and invalidating testimony, is strong presumptive evidence of their truth. The innocent never find occasion to resort to this disgraceful mode of defence. If our clergy and church were the ministers and church of Christ, would their reputation be defended by drunken and murderous mobs? Are brickbats and rotten eggs the weapons of truth and Christianity? Did Jesus say to his disciples, 'Blessed are ye when the mob mob shall speak well of you, and shall defend you? The Church, Slavery, and the mob, are a queer trinity! And yet that they are a trinity— that they all 'agree in one'— cannot be denied. Every assault which we have made upon the bloody slave system, as I shall hereafter show, has been promptly met and repelled by the church, which is herself the claimant of several hundred thousand slaves; and whenever we have attempted to expose the guilt and hypocrisy of the church, the mob mob has uniformly been first and foremost in her defence, But I rest not on presumptive evidence, however strong and conclusive, to sustain my allegations against the American church and clergy. The proof of their identity with slavery, and of their consequent deep and unparalleled criminality, is positive and overwhelming; and is fully adequate to sustain the gravest charges, and to justify the most denunciatory language, that have ever fallen from the lips of their most inveterate opponents. I said at your meeting, among other things, that the American church and clergy, as a body, were thieves, adulterers, man-stealers, pirates and murderers— that the Methodist Episcopal Church was more corrupt and profligate than any house of ill-fame in the city of New-York— that the southern ministers of that body were desirous of perpetuating slavery for the purpose of supplying themselves with concubines from among its hapless victims— and that many of our clergymen were guilty of enormities that would disgrace an Algerine pirate!! These sentiments called forth a burst of holy indignation from the pious and dutiful advocates of the church and clergy, which overwhelmed the meeting with repeated showers of stones and rotten eggs, and eventually compelled me to leave your island, to prevent the shedding of human blood. But whence this violence and personal abuse, not only of the author of the obnoxious sentiments, but also of your own unoffending wives and daughters, whose faces and dresses, you will recollect, were covered with the most loathsome filth? It is reported of the ancient pharisees, and their adherents, that they stoned Stephen to death for preaching doctrines at war with the popular religion of their times, and charging them with the murder of the Son of God; but their successors of the modern church, it would seem, have discovered some new principle in theology, by which it is made their duty not only to stone the heretic himself, but all those, also, who may at any time be found listening to his discourse without a permit from the priest. Truly, the church is becoming 'terrible as an army with banners.' I said at your meeting, among other things, that the American church and clergy, as a body, were thieves, adulterers, man-stealers, pirates and murderers— that the Methodist Episcopal Church was more corrupt and profligate than any house of ill-fame in the city of New-York— that the southern ministers of that body were desirous of perpetuating slavery for the purpose of supplying themselves with concubines from among its hapless victims— and that many of our clergymen were guilty of enormities that would disgrace an Algerine pirate!! These sentiments called forth a burst of holy indignation from the pious pious and dutiful dutiful advocates of the church and clergy, which overwhelmed the meeting with repeated showers of stones and rotten eggs, and eventually compelled me to leave your island, to prevent the shedding of human blood. But whence this violence and personal abuse, not only of the author of the obnoxious sentiments, but also of your own unoffending wives and daughters, whose faces and dresses, you will recollect, were covered with the most loathsome filth? It is reported of the ancient pharisees, and their adherents, that they stoned Stephen to death for preaching doctrines at war with the popular religion of their times, and charging them with the murder of the Son of God; but their successors of the modern church, it would seem, have discovered some new principle in theology, by which it is made their duty not only to stone the heretic himself, but all those, also, who may at any time be found listening to his discourse without a permit permit from the priest. priest. Truly, the church is becoming 'terrible as an army with banners.' The violence and outrage on the part of the church were, no doubt, committed to the glory of God and the honor of religion, although the connexion between rotten eggs and holiness of heart is not very obvious. It is, I suppose, one of the mysteries of religion which laymen cannot understand without the aid of the clergy; and I therefore suggest that the pulpit make it a subject of Sunday discourse. But are not the charges here alleged against the clergy, strictly and literally true? I maintain that they are true to the letter— that the clergy and their adherents are literally, and beyond all controversy, a 'brotherhood of thieves'— and in support of this opinion, I submit the following considerations. The violence and outrage on the part of the church were, no doubt, committed to the glory of God and the honor of religion, although the connexion between rotten eggs and holiness of heart is not very obvious. It is, I suppose, one of the mysteries of religion which laymen cannot understand without the aid of the clergy; and I therefore suggest that the pulpit make it a subject of Sunday discourse. But are not the charges here alleged against the clergy, strictly and literally true? I maintain that they are true to the letter— that the clergy and their adherents are literally, and beyond all controversy, a 'brotherhood of thieves'— and in support of this opinion, I submit the following considerations. You will agree with me, I think, that slaveholding involves the commission of all the crimes specified in my first charge, viz: theft, adultery, man-stealing, piracy and murder. But should you have any doubts on this subject, they will be easily removed by analyzing this atrocious outrage on the laws of God, and the rights and happiness of man, and examining separately, the elements of which it is composed. Wesley, the celebrated founder of the Methodists, once denounced it as the 'sum of all villanies.' Whether it be the sum of all villanies or not, I will not here express an opinion; but that it is the sum of at least five, and those by no means the least atrocious in the catalogue of human aberrations, will require but a small tax on your patience to prove. You will agree with me, I think, that slaveholding involves the commission of all the crimes specified in my first charge, viz: theft, adultery, man-stealing, piracy and murder. But should you have any doubts on this subject, they will be easily removed by analyzing this atrocious outrage on the laws of God, and the rights and happiness of man, and examining separately, the elements of which it is composed. Wesley, the celebrated founder of the Methodists, once denounced it as the 'sum of all villanies.' Whether it be the sum of all all villanies or not, I will not here express an opinion; but that it is the sum of at least five five , and those by no means the least atrocious in the catalogue of human aberrations, will require but a small tax on your patience to prove. 

 MUNIFICENT DONATION. William Appleton, Esq. of Boston, has recently given the sum of ten thousand dollars towards the erection of an Episcopal Missionary Chapel, in our city.— Boston paper. MUNIFICENT DONATION. William Appleton, Esq. of Boston, has recently given the sum of ten thousand dollars towards the erection of an Episcopal Missionary Chapel, in our city.— Boston paper. Boston paper. Missionary Chapel! Where is Boston? Who lives there? Missionary Chapel, with her hundred meeting-houses, which are one-half empty every Sabbath! We have no doubt but there are thousands in the city of Boston who need the labors of a missionary as much as the inhabitants of the South Sea Islands; but it tells a poor story for the scores of ministers already there; the men with their salaries of thousands of dollars per annum, who are shut up in the cloisters till almost night-fall, when they may be seen knocking at the palace-gates of the rich, lolling upon the couches of the pleasure-loving world, or drinking their wine or tea with what are termed ladies and gentlemen, but who, from year to year, have no more thought for the poor and destitute, than though all lived as they do. One of the evidences of Christ's appearance on the earth was, that the poor had the gospel preached to them; and how many are there, even in our midst, who have not that gospel— how many emigrants come to this country, sick and destitute, who live unknown in some cellar or garret, in the heart of our populous cities, who never see a gospel minister, or hear a christian prayer— who go down to their graves unnoticed and unwept? We repeat, it tells a poor story for the Christianity of Boston, that they must have missionaries; but they are, nevertheless, necessary.— Practical Christian. Missionary Chapel! Where is Boston? Who lives there? Missionary Chapel, with her hundred meeting-houses, which are one-half empty every Sabbath! We have no doubt but there are thousands in the city of Boston who need the labors of a missionary as much as the inhabitants of the South Sea Islands; but it tells a poor story for the scores of ministers already there; the men with their salaries of thousands of dollars per annum, who are shut up in the cloisters till almost night-fall, when they may be seen knocking at the palace-gates of the rich, lolling upon the couches of the pleasure-loving world, or drinking their wine or tea with what are termed ladies and gentlemen, but who, from year to year, have no more thought for the poor and destitute, than though all lived as they do. One of the evidences of Christ's appearance on the earth was, that the poor had the gospel preached to them; and how many are there, even in our midst, who have not that gospel— how many emigrants come to this country, sick and destitute, who live unknown in some cellar or garret, in the heart of our populous cities, who never see a gospel minister, or hear a christian prayer— who go down to their graves unnoticed and unwept? We repeat, it tells a poor story for the Christianity of Boston, that they must have missionaries; but they are, nevertheless, necessary.— Practical Christian. Practical Christian. 

 NANTUCKET, 8th mo. 14, 1843. NANTUCKET, 8th mo. 14, 1843. FRIEND GARRISON: FRIEND GARRISON: Having been very busy, I have not had time to transcribe this, until perhaps by some it is almost forgotten. I have now snatched a moment for that purpose. Having been very busy, I have not had time to transcribe this, until perhaps by some perhaps by some it is almost forgotten. I have now snatched a moment for that purpose. I attended the picnic at New-Bedford that was gotten up to celebrate the First of August, or the anniversary of the emancipation of the slaves in the British West Indies. It was a grand affair, and did great credit to the colored people of that place. There was a procession formed at the Baptist meeting-house, where they met for that purpose, and marched through the town to Blackmer's Grove, a distance of about a mile and a half. They numbered, as near as I can judge, about three hundred, about an equal number male and female. Their dress was very neat, and attracted much attention. The males, most of them, wore white pantaloons, and the females were mostly dressed in white, in the most simple and becoming manner. They were led by the Wilberforce Brass Band, a company of colored men that have been practising for some time, and play exceedingly well. I attended the picnic at New-Bedford that was gotten up to celebrate the First of August, or the anniversary of the emancipation of the slaves in the British West Indies. It was a grand affair, and did great credit to the colored people of that place. There was a procession formed at the Baptist meeting-house, where they met for that purpose, and marched through the town to Blackmer's Grove, a distance of about a mile and a half. They numbered, as near as I can judge, about three hundred, about an equal number male and female. Their dress was very neat, and attracted much attention. The males, most of them, wore white pantaloons, and the females were mostly dressed in white, in the most simple and becoming manner. They were led by the Wilberforce Brass Band, a company of colored men that have been practising for some time, and play exceedingly well. The streets through which they passed were crowded with spectators, and they stood as if riveted to the spot, and looked on with amazement to see the novel sight; for such a sight was never before witnessed in the streets of New-Bedford, and the people did not know of the respectability of their colored citizens, until seeing them come out together in this grand procession. Not a lisp of disapprobation was heard from any one, but a continual low buz as they passed along— that is fine! that looks fine! and such expressions. I felt flattered when I looked on the moving of the procession. I saw that the leader, or the moving spirit, was a townsman of mine; with no office, only called upon by all, with the greatest confidence, and the care seemed to be on him, by general consent. That was Nathaniel A. Borden. At the grove there was a long line of tables set, with every thing that the market afforded, and the greatest plenty for those who wished to partake. The streets through which they passed were crowded with spectators, and they stood as if riveted to the spot, and looked on with amazement to see the novel sight; for such a sight was never before witnessed in the streets of New-Bedford, and the people did not know of the respectability of their colored citizens, until seeing them come out together in this grand procession. Not a lisp of disapprobation was heard from any one, but a continual low buz buz as they passed along— that is fine! that looks fine! that is fine! that looks fine! and such expressions. I felt flattered when I looked on the moving of the procession. I saw that the leader, or the moving spirit, was a townsman of mine; with no office, only called upon by all all , with the greatest confidence, and the care seemed to be on him, by general consent. That was Nathaniel A. Borden. At the grove there was a long line of tables set, with every thing that the market afforded, and the greatest plenty for those who wished to partake. The exercises of the day were commenced by Bulah B. Perry, a young colored man, and member of the Dialectic Society, by whom he had been chosen to make the opening speech on this occasion. His speech was manly, pointed, and replete with eloquence. He said— 'The most ardent wish of the slaveholder has been to keep us in ignorance; but the 800,000 slaves did not invoke Heaven in vain. . . . I would to Heaven that Great Britain's subjects were all redeemed from slavery. . . Ladies and gentlemen, we do not want to share your fortunes, for there are flowers growing that will make wreaths for the colored man's brow, only give him an opportunity.' He was followed by a number of others from the same Society, male and female, reciting dialogues, poetry, and singing songs suitable for the occasion. The exercises of the day were commenced by Bulah B. Perry, a young colored man, and member of the Dialectic Society, by whom he had been chosen to make the opening speech on this occasion. His speech was manly, pointed, and replete with eloquence. He said— 'The most ardent wish of the slaveholder has been to keep us in ignorance; but the 800,000 slaves did not invoke Heaven in vain. . . . I would to Heaven that Great Britain's subjects were all redeemed from slavery. . . Ladies and gentlemen, we do not want to share your fortunes, for there are flowers growing that will make wreaths for the colored man's brow, only give him an opportunity.' He was followed by a number of others from the same Society, male and female, reciting dialogues, poetry, and singing songs suitable for the occasion. The citizens were then addressed by James B. [ ], Burbanks, Clapp, Russell, Johnson, and others, after which they adjourned to meet at the new town hall at 7 o'clock. The citizens were then addressed by James B. [ ], Burbanks, Clapp, Russell, Johnson, and others, after which they adjourned to meet at the new town hall at 7 o'clock. There were hundreds of citizens down to the grove as spectators, on whom the speeches will have a lasting effect; and among them I understood were two slaveholders, that heard the song of jubilee from some of the most beautiful voices that ever sounded before an audience; and it is to be hoped that it has touched their hearts, that they may think of their unholy traffic, and unloose the bonds, and let the oppressed go free. There were hundreds of citizens down to the grove as spectators, on whom the speeches will have a lasting effect; and among them I understood were two slaveholders, that heard the song of jubilee jubilee from some of the most beautiful voices that ever sounded before an audience; and it is to be hoped that it has touched their hearts, that they may think of their unholy traffic, unholy traffic, and unloose the bonds, and let the oppressed go free. The weather was fine, for it was a dry, cloudy day, one just suited for an out-door celebration. R. The weather was fine, for it was a dry, cloudy day, one just suited for an out-door celebration. R. 

 Sub. Marine Explosion.— The grand sub-marine explosion took place yesterday afternoon according to announcement, outside of Castle Garden, in the presence of about 3000 spectators inside, while the Battery was most densely thronged. The exhibition was however, attended with some delay, which was caused by the following circumstance. When Mr. Taylor (the sub. marine navigator) got on board the sloop to set the rocket in the exploding apparatus, the swell of the river produced by a steamer, passing close by, unstopped the mast of the sloop, by which the rocket was crushed. He then returned to form a new one, which, in about half on hour he got ready, and placing it in the apparatus, attached it to the keel of the vessel. The power was then applied and the sloop blown up into thousands of fragments. The experiment was quite successful.— N.Y. Tribune. Sub. Marine Explosion. Sub. Marine Explosion. — The grand sub-marine explosion took place yesterday afternoon according to announcement, outside of Castle Garden, in the presence of about 3000 spectators inside, while the Battery was most densely thronged. The exhibition was however, attended with some delay, which was caused by the following circumstance. When Mr. Taylor (the sub. marine navigator) got on board the sloop to set the rocket in the exploding apparatus, the swell of the river produced by a steamer, passing close by, unstopped the mast of the sloop, by which the rocket was crushed. He then returned to form a new one, which, in about half on hour he got ready, and placing it in the apparatus, attached it to the keel of the vessel. The power was then applied and the sloop blown up into thousands of fragments. The experiment was quite successful.— N.Y. Tribune. N.Y. Tribune. A Reverend Forger.— The Rev. J.P. Backus a Methodist preacher of the Oneida Conference, has been arrested at Gates. N.Y. for forging two notes on one of the banks of Utica for $1400. About $1000 of the money had been paid to his creditors, and the remaining 408 expended in lottery tickets, by means of which he hoped to obtain sufficient funds to cancel the notes when due. In his trunk were found some thirty or forty pages in manuscript, purporting to be an account of his life, which he intended to finish, and then surrender himself up to justice. He left for Utica on Friday morning. A Reverend Forger. A Reverend Forger. — The Rev. J.P. Backus a Methodist preacher of the Oneida Conference, has been arrested at Gates. N.Y. for forging two notes on one of the banks of Utica for $1400. About $1000 of the money had been paid to his creditors, and the remaining 408 expended in lottery tickets, by means of which he hoped to obtain sufficient funds to cancel the notes when due. In his trunk were found some thirty or forty pages in manuscript, purporting to be an account of his life, which he intended to finish, and then surrender himself up to justice. He left for Utica on Friday morning. PHILADELPHIA, August 20.— Alleged Attempt at Seduction by a Clergyman.— I mentioned several days since that an ecclesiastical council was investigating the serious charges brought against a minister of the gospel, residing in Southwark— the Rev. Edward Covel, pastor of the Third Baptist church. The investigation has closed, and the reverend gentleman is declared to have been proven guilty of 'traducing the character of members of the church' and 'attempting to violate a female member of his congregation,' named Miss Hubbell! Not satisfied with this result, about 200 of the members of Covel's church expressed their readiness to stand by their pastor, and if the decision cannot be reversed, to form an independent congregation.— N.Y. Tribune. PHILADELPHIA, August 20.— Alleged Attempt at Seduction by a Clergyman. Alleged Attempt at Seduction by a Clergyman. — I mentioned several days since that an ecclesiastical council was investigating the serious charges brought against a minister of the gospel, residing in Southwark— the Rev. Edward Covel, pastor of the Third Baptist church. The investigation has closed, and the reverend gentleman is declared to have been proven guilty of 'traducing the character of members of the church' and 'attempting to violate a female member of his congregation,' named Miss Hubbell! Not satisfied with this result, about 200 of the members of Covel's church expressed their readiness to stand by their pastor, and if the decision cannot be reversed, to form an independent congregation.— N.Y. Tribune. N.Y. Tribune. A New Prophet.— Millerism and Mormonism have ceased to excite 'the million,' and are now only listened to by the more sanguine followers of Mr. Miller and the Prophet Joe. We read, however, of a Bishop who has just made his appearance in company with his wife, in our neighborhood, and both man and wife have been preaching new doctrines in the streets. The Springfield Republican states, they profess to be Christian Israelites, and preach of the speedy ingathering of the Jews, and the second advent and personal reign of Christ on earth. Margaret is the greatest of the two, at least in bodily shape. In one of her harangues, she argued that Adam, in eating the forbidden fruit, was a greater sinner than Eve, as when the old serpent offered it to Eve, she objected, and was with difficulty overcome; but Adam took the fruit from Eve without making a single objection! Another wise idea offered by the man was, that the six water pots at the marriage at Cana of Galilee, refer to the six thousand years which the world is to last before the Millennium comes! A New Prophet. A New Prophet. — Millerism and Mormonism have ceased to excite 'the million,' and are now only listened to by the more sanguine followers of Mr. Miller and the Prophet Joe. We read, however, of a Bishop Bishop who has just made his appearance in company with his wife, in our neighborhood, and both man and wife have been preaching new doctrines in the streets. The Springfield Republican states, they profess to be Christian Israelites, and preach of the speedy ingathering of the Jews, and the second advent and personal reign of Christ on earth. Margaret is the greatest greatest of the two, at least in bodily shape. In one of her harangues, she argued that Adam, in eating the forbidden fruit, was a greater sinner than Eve, as when the old serpent offered it to Eve, she objected, and was with difficulty overcome; but Adam took the fruit from Eve without making a single objection! Another wise idea offered by the man was, that the six water pots at the marriage at Cana of Galilee, refer to the six thousand years which the world is to last before the Millennium comes! Ran away With.— During the prevalence of a strong easterly wind last night, a person by the name of Ardross, who was formerly master of the schr. Jesse Smith, in connection with some 18 or 20 others, forcibly took possession of that vessel and ran off with her. Ran away With. Ran away With. — During the prevalence of a strong easterly wind last night, a person by the name of Ardross, who was formerly master of the schr. Jesse Smith, in connection with some 18 or 20 others, forcibly took possession of that vessel and ran off with her. It was about midnight when the gang came on board, and while Capt. Grosdevant, the present master went up town to procure assistance, the vessel made sail. After passing the pier, the old crew were sent on shore in the small boat, when the runaways made off for the Upper Lakes. It was about midnight when the gang came on board, and while Capt. Grosdevant, the present master went up town to procure assistance, the vessel made sail. After passing the pier, the old crew were sent on shore in the small boat, when the runaways made off for the Upper Lakes. The schooner was recently purchased by Mr. J.G. Brown, who was not aware of any legal claim existing against her.— Jour. Com. The schooner was recently purchased by Mr. J.G. Brown, who was not aware of any legal claim existing against her.— Jour. Com. Jour. Com. Mr. Roswell Field, of the New-England House in this city, while at Bloomfield a few days ago, was attacked by a bull (which we believe he owns) and so much injured that his life was considered in imminent danger. The animal, we understand, knocked him down and placed his knees upon his breast, and it was with the greatest effort that he was got off. Mr. F. has not yet been brought home, but is recovering.— Hartford Courant. Mr. Roswell Field, of the New-England House in this city, while at Bloomfield a few days ago, was attacked by a bull (which we believe he owns) and so much injured that his life was considered in imminent danger. The animal, we understand, knocked him down and placed his knees upon his breast, and it was with the greatest effort that he was got off. Mr. F. has not yet been brought home, but is recovering.— Hartford Courant. Hartford Courant. An Escape.— Two ladies in a waggon, were descending a hill between Pittsfield and the Shakers Village, a few days since, when the horse, in meeting a team, sprang from the road, and the ladies and all, were precipitated down a steep declivity by the road side, a distance of thirty-five feet. One of the ladies was seriously injured, the horse badly bruised, and the waggon broken in pieces. The Eagle justly adds, that the town ought to repair the road. A railing in such places, is generally economy in the end. An Escape. An Escape. — Two ladies in a waggon, were descending a hill between Pittsfield and the Shakers Village, a few days since, when the horse, in meeting a team, sprang from the road, and the ladies and all, were precipitated down a steep declivity by the road side, a distance of thirty-five feet. One of the ladies was seriously injured, the horse badly bruised, and the waggon broken in pieces. The Eagle justly adds, that the town ought to repair the road. A railing in such places, is generally economy in the end. Distress among Moneyed Men.— A London letter of August 1st, attributes the great [ ] of gold from the continent, not to present balances of trade, but to large repayments of loans, which the continential merchants do not find it necessary longer to relieve. As to money it says, 'loans may be obtained on English stocks for almost nothing, and discounts of commercial paper at two per cent. Distress among Moneyed Men. Distress among Moneyed Men. — A London letter of August 1st st 

 Condition of the People of Color - - Emigration. Condition of the People of Color - - Emigration. From the first agitation of the anti-slavery question by Garrison, upon the basis of immediate, unconditional emancipation without expatriation, the condition of the free colored population has been slowly but steadily improving. Slowly but surely the prejudice against color is wearing away under the continual testimony of the words and of the lives of abolitionists. The actual sufferings of this excellent but outraged and insulted portion of the community, are, however, as great, probably, as ever: for with light and hope comes a keenness of sensibility which had less place amid the darkness of benumbed despair. As the physical sufferings of the oppressed are diminished, their mental ones are increased: and determination is thus providentially aroused in their minds to seek for the annihilation of the cause of all their sufferings— for the abolition of slavery. From the first agitation of the anti-slavery question by Garrison, upon the basis of immediate, unconditional emancipation without expatriation, the condition of the free colored population has been slowly but steadily improving. Slowly but surely the prejudice against color is wearing away under the continual testimony of the words and of the lives of abolitionists. The actual sufferings of this excellent but outraged and insulted portion of the community, are, however, as great, probably, as ever: for with light and hope comes a keenness of sensibility which had less place amid the darkness of benumbed despair. As the physical sufferings of the oppressed are diminished, their mental ones are increased: and determination is thus providentially aroused in their minds to seek for the annihilation of the cause of all their sufferings— for the abolition of slavery. In the mean time, various means and methods are adopted by them individually, in the hope of lightening that pressure of calamity with which their tyrannous brethren load them down. The question constantly arises, whether its burden is lessened by that esprit du corps which calls Conventions, supports periodicals, and sustains churches, schools or colonies, exclusively for men of color, or whether it would be wiser to disregard and suffer to die out, as fast as they can be replaced by something better, all things founded on this distinction of the skin. When to continue, and when to suffer the extinction of these temporary lines of separation, lies with our colored countrymen, and with the increasing body of abolitionists. Thinking, as we do, that a great practical principle is the only fit ground of union, we have no hesitation in wishing that all men of color, and all abolitionists, were so deeply engaged in promoting the principles of freedom, that both would, of necessity, forget that distinction without real difference, on account of which so much of horrible wrong and outrage has been perpetrated. In the mean time, various means and methods are adopted by them individually, in the hope of lightening that pressure of calamity with which their tyrannous brethren load them down. The question constantly arises, whether its burden is lessened by that esprit du corps esprit du corps which calls Conventions, supports periodicals, and sustains churches, schools or colonies, exclusively for men of color, or whether it would be wiser to disregard and suffer to die out, as fast as they can be replaced by something better, all things founded on this distinction of the skin. When to continue, and when to suffer the extinction of these temporary lines of separation, lies with our colored countrymen, and with the increasing body of abolitionists. Thinking, as we do, that a great practical principle is the only fit ground of union, we have no hesitation in wishing that all men of color, and all abolitionists, were so deeply engaged in promoting the principles of freedom, that both would, of necessity, forget that distinction without real difference, on account of which so much of horrible wrong and outrage has been perpetrated. How long shall the mere shade of the complexion, varying from the poles to the equator, with every degree of latitude, be made the pretence on which to found a system of cruelty and wrong, the very shadow of which darkens the whole lives of hundreds of our countrymen? How long shall the mere shade of the complexion, varying from the poles to the equator, with every degree of latitude, be made the pretence on which to found a system of cruelty and wrong, the very shadow of which darkens the whole lives of hundreds of our countrymen? As a general rule, we cannot but advise all abolitionists, of whatever complexion, to do nothing to perpetuate distinctions founded upon it; leaving it, where it of course belongs, to the judgment of each individual, to decide as to what circumstances may demand an occasional deviation from the rule. As a general rule, we cannot but advise all abolitionists, of whatever complexion, to do nothing to perpetuate distinctions founded upon it; leaving it, where it of course belongs, to the judgment of each individual, to decide as to what circumstances may demand an occasional deviation from the rule. Our colored countrymen often resort to emigration as a means of relief from the sufferings incident to their condition here. I have been very frequently asked by them my impressions of the expediency of emigration to Haiti; and I will endeavor to answer impartially; first stating it to be my wish that they should remain here, in the land of their birth, unnaturally as they are treated; in order that, through the efficacy of their sufferings and sacrifices, united with those of the white abolitionists, slavery may be abolished, and prejudice lived down. Our colored countrymen often resort to emigration as a means of relief from the sufferings incident to their condition here. I have been very frequently asked by them my impressions of the expediency of emigration to Haiti; and I will endeavor to answer impartially; first stating it to be my wish that they should remain here, here, in the land of their birth, unnaturally as they are treated; in order that, through the efficacy of their sufferings and sacrifices, united with those of the white abolitionists, slavery may be abolished, and prejudice lived down. A plan of emigration to that delightful island was set on foot during the last years of the administration of Petion, and the first of those of Boyer. It was first moved by a publication of the Hatian Constitution, with a letter on the subject from Inginac, by an American gentleman, Mr. James Treadwell, who has been induced by the prejudice against color in the U.S. to seek a refuge from it in Haiti. The Colonization Society, which had by this time found that the material for Liberia would be wanting, seized the idea as the next best for getting rid of the free colored population. It ought to be stated that the South seems not to have acted directly in the premises. The emigration was promoted by a meeting of New-York city colonizationists, Dr. Jonathan Wainwright, Jonathan Goodhue, Esqrs., and others, who directed their Secretary to correspond with Boyer. The result was, that Boyer sent an agent, the citizen Glanville, with proposals to furnish as many as should choose to emigrate, with a passage gratis, land for each, and four months provisions, till their lands should produce the first crop. As many as 13,000 souls, it is estimated, (this estimate is too large, I think; 7000 or 8000 is as many as actually embarked,) principally from the Atlantic cities, took advantage of this offer. If I were asked to describe the country they went to, and to give my opinion of the prospects of an emigrant, I should be obliged to use the very words of Inginac and Glanville. It is the most beautiful country my eyes ever beheld, and of an unexampled fertility. Industry produces four crops a year of grains and provisions. The latter time includes an inexhaustible supply of a rich variety of yams, plantains, bananas, rice, sugar cane, with the rich tropical fruits— pine apples, oranges, &c. The island is for the most part healthy— the alternations of sea and land breeze temper its heat— the mountains of themselves alone are a thing to thank God for, being the source of streams numberless and sweet, which intersect the country in every direction. Of no region on earth can it be said that there is no sorrow there, but the succeeding lines of Burns' beautiful song are perfectly applicable: A plan of emigration to that delightful island was set on foot during the last years of the administration of Petion, and the first of those of Boyer. It was first moved by a publication of the Hatian Constitution, with a letter on the subject from Inginac, by an American gentleman, Mr. James Treadwell, who has been induced by the prejudice against color in the U.S. to seek a refuge from it in Haiti. The Colonization Society, which had by this time found that the material material for Liberia would be wanting, seized the idea as the next best for getting rid of the free colored population. It ought to be stated that the South seems not to have acted directly in the premises. The emigration was promoted by a meeting of New-York city colonizationists, Dr. Jonathan Wainwright, Jonathan Goodhue, Esqrs., and others, who directed their Secretary to correspond with Boyer. The result was, that Boyer sent an agent, the citizen Glanville, with proposals to furnish as many as should choose to emigrate, with a passage gratis, land for each, and four months provisions, till their lands should produce the first crop. As many as 13,000 souls, it is estimated, (this estimate is too large, I think; 7000 or 8000 is as many as actually embarked,) principally from the Atlantic cities, took advantage of this offer. If I were asked to describe the country they went to, and to give my opinion of the prospects of an emigrant, I should be obliged to use the very words of Inginac and Glanville. It is the most beautiful country my eyes ever beheld, and of an unexampled fertility. Industry produces four crops a year of grains and provisions. The latter time includes an inexhaustible supply of a rich variety of yams, plantains, bananas, rice, sugar cane, with the rich tropical fruits— pine apples, oranges, &c. The island is for the most part healthy— the alternations of sea and land breeze temper its heat— the mountains of themselves alone are a thing to thank God for, being the source of streams numberless and sweet, which intersect the country in every direction. Of no region on earth can it be said that there is no sorrow there, but the succeeding lines of Burns' beautiful song are perfectly applicable: 'There's no cauld or care, Jean;' 'There's no cauld or care, Jean;' and for at least nine months in the year, 'the day is aye fair.' How the emigrants found it, will be best told by themselves, of whom I conversed with hundreds. and for at least nine months in the year, 'the day is aye fair.' How the emigrants found it, will be best told by themselves, of whom I conversed with hundreds. They were all satisfied with the conduct of the government towards them. It kept its word. They were all satisfied with the climate and the soil. 'It is not to say, but it is the best country in the world for poor people,' is their universal remark. 'I came out,' says Mrs. D. 'with my husband and two young sons. We had always lived in Philadelphia, and we left good rooms in a four story house, and I was always industrious, and used to house-work. Our land was beautiful and rich; but oh me! my heart sunk when I come to look at what we had to do. My husband was ambitious, and worked too hard to get the place in order quick. We knew we must begin to get our living out of the ground, for the government couldn't maintain us forever. He was not used to farming, and be took sick. They all told us we mustn't eat this, and that, and t'other. But he always would take what he liked. I never thought t'was the climate, so much as carelessness, and fretting at the strangeness of every thing,— but he died. Ah! the bare home-sickness killed abundance. The boys did the best they could, and I took the hoe too. But dear me! we ought to have thought more of the things we were like to find than we did. Give me a wash-tub, and I know what to do. But I made a poor hand at fencing in new land. Before the boys got large and strong, it went to my heart sometimes to hear the cattle tearing and trampling down my plantains and things We have been here 17 years come next May, and my son John (t'other is down to Plaisance, in the French part) has got a nice tobacco field, and we are doing well. But dear me! to see the females go down to the river to wash their clothes, with not a thread on except just round their middle, and sitting in the water. I thought I never should get used to the country.' They were all satisfied with the conduct of the government towards them. It kept its word. They were all satisfied with the climate and the soil. 'It is not to say, but it is the best country in the world for poor people,' is their universal remark. 'I came out,' says Mrs. D. 'with my husband and two young sons. We had always lived in Philadelphia, and we left good rooms in a four story house, and I was always industrious, and used to house-work. Our land was beautiful and rich; but oh me! my heart sunk when I come to look at what we had to do. My husband was ambitious, and worked too hard to get the place in order quick. We knew we must begin to get our living out of the ground, for the government couldn't maintain us forever. He was not used to farming, and be took sick. They all told us we mustn't eat this, and that, and t'other. But he always would take what he liked. I never thought t'was the climate, so much as carelessness, and fretting at the strangeness of every thing,— but he died. Ah! the bare home-sickness killed abundance. The boys did the best they could, and I took the hoe too. But dear me! we ought to have thought more of the things we were like to find than we did. Give me a wash-tub, and I know what to do. But I made a poor hand at fencing in new land. Before the boys got large and strong, it went to my heart sometimes to hear the cattle tearing and trampling down my plantains and things We have been here 17 years come next May, and my son John (t'other is down to Plaisance, in the French part) has got a nice tobacco field, and we are doing well. But dear me! to see the females go down to the river to wash their clothes, with not a thread on except just round their middle, and sitting in the water. I thought I never should get used to the country.' Mrs. W ----— with her husband had come also from Philadelphia. 'We were comfortably off in the world, and had nothing to complain of but the prejudice. My husband was head waiter in a great hotel at one time. But from the time I was 12 years old, I had suffered from the prejudice. I never knew of any difference till then. The first time I knew it, was when a little child was tormenting and teasing me, as you know children will, and I gave it a little slap. A southern gentleman who saw me, said, 'what are you striking that white child for you nigger? If I had you in South Carolina, I'd show you! you'd lose your neck for your impudence. Oh my heart! how I felt! I was a nigger, then! I mustn't say, nor do, nor think as other folks did! I never could forget it, nor put it out of my mind. That man the first time, but such things came often enough of that. I teased and worried from that time; and when this opening to Haiti came, I urged my husband to take up with it, and we come off with all [ ] family. After all our things were on board, the thought came into my mind— 'Here we are, children and all— well, what kind of schools, or institutions or religion, shall we find there?' It was too late to draw back; but I would warn all those who are leaving their own country, to think of it before it is too late. We had to see them grow up without education or teaching. We brought some books with me, but there's a very bad insect here, the wood-nat, and it got to most of them, and eat them up. Then my husband got discouraged. He had never been used to the working on land. I was proud, and didn't like to come down, as I had always lived well at home, but I took the hoe, at last, and we rubbed on. Sometimes I came into town to nurse the strangers who would sometimes be taken sick here; I hated to think of being a servant, when I had expected to live like the grandees; but I saw I was doing good to others and myself too, and so that notion wore off. Then at last we got a minister. He was from England, so there was no prejudice about him, and he teaches a school two days in the week, and them that comes after us will not find things so hard as we did. But it's a great drawback not knowing the language. But the people was very kind to us— very. They did everything they could, and the government did everything it promised. But many came out with less thought than I had. They really believed that that if it was so fine a country as citizen Glanville said, so fertile, so healthy, no winter, oranges and pine-apples like potatoes, and all that, that they could live without work. Now it could not be so, you know, though all that Mr. Glanville had said was true. If you would raise four crops, you must plant four crops, and may be you can't get a market after all. That's according as where you happen to settle, and the condition of the roads; and as to the health— it is healthy, except about Port-au-Prince. But hundreds of our people laid right down and fretted themselves to death— and some went back. I really believe they all expected to be made officers and government men. But you may see that was at likely, had they been ever so smart, not knowing the language. You soon get so used to oranges and pine-apples that you would give more for a beet or a potatoe. But I don't know why, they don't seem to do well hereabouts, except the sweet potatoes— plenty of them— yams, rice, bananas, and all sorts of ground provisions. There was another thing the first comers found it hard to get over. They had all been brought up it cities, and however poor, were used to tea, and sugar, and cream; and I think our people set more by such things than others, because they are kept down and not allowed to look forward in a way that would take their minds from such things. Well, they missed these dainties. Loaf sugar is a dollar a pound, and a man's day's work don't come to more. And syrup's not cheap. They looked back to the flesh pots, I can tell you, such of them as had been brought up to think so much of eating and drinking. But they forgot all the disagreeable things in their own country and remembered only the pleasant ones. I went to Port-au-Prince first, but here at Porte-Plate place for Americans. We've tried the whole island pretty much, and here's the place. The French Haitians can't bear foreigners, but the Spaniards very fond of us, and like us better than they do the French Haitians. Mrs. W ----— with her husband had come also from Philadelphia. 'We were comfortably off in the world, and had nothing to complain of but the prejudice. My husband was head waiter in a great hotel at one time. But from the time I was 12 years old, I had suffered from the prejudice. I never knew of any difference till then. The first time I knew it, was when a little child was tormenting and teasing me, as you know children will, and I gave it a little slap. A southern gentleman who saw me, said, 'what are you striking that white child for you nigger nigger ? If I had you in South Carolina, I'd show you! you'd lose your neck for your impudence. Oh my heart! how I felt! I was a nigger nigger , then! I mustn't say, nor do, nor think as other folks did! I never could forget it, nor put it out of my mind. That man the first time, but such things came often enough of that. I teased and worried from that time; and when this opening to Haiti came, I urged my husband to take up with it, and we come off with all [ ] family. After all our things were on board, the thought came into my mind— 'Here we are, children and all— well, what kind of schools, or institutions or religion, shall we find there?' It was too late to draw back; but I would warn all those who are leaving their own country, to think of it before before it is too late. We had to see them grow up without education or teaching. We brought some books with me, but there's a very bad insect here, the wood-nat, and it got to most of them, and eat them up. Then my husband got discouraged. He had never been used to the working on land. I was proud, and didn't like to come down, as I had always lived well at home, but I took the hoe, at last, and we rubbed on. Sometimes I came into town to nurse the strangers who would sometimes be taken sick here; I hated to think of being a servant, when I had expected to live like the grandees; but I saw I was doing good to others and myself too, and so that notion wore off. Then at last we got a minister. He was from England, so there was no prejudice about him, and he teaches a school two days in the week, and them that comes after us will not find things so hard as we did. But it's a great drawback not knowing the language. But the people was very kind to us— very. They did everything they could, and the government did everything it promised. But many came out with less thought than I had. They really believed that that if it was so fine a country as citizen Glanville said, so fertile, so healthy, no winter, oranges and pine-apples like potatoes, and all that, that they could live without work. Now it could not be so, you know, though all that Mr. Glanville had said was true. If you would raise four crops, you must plant plant four crops, and may be you can't get a market after all. That's according as where you happen to settle, and the condition of the roads; and as to the health— it is healthy, except about Port-au-Prince. But hundreds of our people laid right down and fretted themselves to death— and some went back. I really believe they all expected to be made officers and government men. But you may see that was at likely, had they been ever so smart, not knowing the language. You soon get so used to oranges and pine-apples that you would give more for a beet or a potatoe. But I don't know why, they don't seem to do well hereabouts, except the sweet potatoes— plenty of them— yams, rice, bananas, and all sorts of ground provisions. There was another thing the first comers found it hard to get over. They had all been brought up it cities, and however poor, were used to tea, and sugar, and cream; and I think our people set more by such things than others, because they are kept down and not allowed to look forward in a way that would take their minds from such things. Well, they missed these dainties. Loaf sugar is a dollar a pound, and a man's day's work don't come to more. And syrup's not cheap. They looked back to the flesh pots, I can tell you, such of them as had been brought up to think so much of eating and drinking. But they forgot all the disagreeable things in their own country and remembered only the pleasant ones. I went to Port-au-Prince first, but here at Porte-Plate place for Americans. We've tried the whole island pretty much, and here's the place. The French Haitians can't bear foreigners, but the Spaniards very fond of us, and like us better than they do the French Haitians. Mrs. ----—, had got used to the country, and like it at last, though she had had many a sorrowful, homesick day. 'Twas a good country But people that come, ought to look out to get a good title to their lands, and that's more than George Kinsley can give them, for I know he has not got a deed of his maybe never will. He was down to Port-au-Prince, the other day about it, to see the President, and he did'nt get to see the President, either John and Richard, my two sons, have got a counouque up at Cabaret, but see how they will be, when somebody wants to buy it of George Kinsley? All their little trees, and houses and improvements, all comfortable just to their minds, can't be taken up and carried to another counouque. They ought to have bought, see, and they would have bought, only that I thought we should maybe go back, and I would not draw for my money. My money was what Mr.— left me and his children. He said he would'nt have had it, but for my economy and good management. And though he could not make me his wife, because a nigger's counted nothing, yet, he did what he could. He left a sum of money in the hand of a gentleman in New-York for my use. When he died, I did not feel safe, though I was free. The planters in our neighborhood were unsafe. Next to us was Mr.—, and next to him Mr. Tommy -----, on the— river, about a hundred miles from Savannah. Mr. -----, what shall I say? He was just like a devil for cruelty and vice. Never a handsome quandroon girl in the whole country that he did'nt buy up— married or not, it made no difference; and if one they call a kind man, would not sell 'em separate, he'd buy both— send the man to the field, and keep the woman close, where he should never set eyes on her again. How many of his people he has killed in rage and jealousy! He was mad with one, who begged him for some seed peas to plant. I'll give you seed peas, said he, and fired his pistol. The poor man dropped, and he had him dragged off and buried. Graves enough upon his place. One very handsome woman he bought and separated from her husband. She did'nt know she was in a family way. In due time, her child was born, and it was a dark one. His rage knew no bounds. He seized her, and stabbed her in the breast beat and kicked her, and had her thrown out of doors dead. You look as if such things could'nt be in America. Such things won't be scarce, as long as negroe's word goes for nothing. Dozens of witnesses there are to one and another of his murders, but they're all colored, and so he a safe. They can't prove upon him. He married a widow with one daughter, in Carolina, and when he got his finger into the property, and had had two boys by her, he came off with them and her daughter. The daughter he corrupted, and whipped the boys to make them call her mama. He was like a beast; all over his place, the mothers and daughters would be living with their brothers and sons, and often, both his children in the same cabin! Oh, they think nothing of that. The poor people hated it, and they hated him. But what can such poor creatures do? They're altogether in his hands. If there was one word of resistance, they would have 39 in the morning, 39 more at noon, and 39 more at night, and then rum and pepper into the great gashes. Women in a family way, could'nt escape him. He had a hole dug, and had them laid over it on their faces, and their clothes tucked up round and whatever became of the woman, he was almost sure to save the child. He told them they should'nt presume upon their situation. You may judge I did'nt feel safe in that neighborhood. It is against the law there, for us to be free at all; we are not allowed to buy ourselves. But there are kind people here and there, that will let papers be drawn out in their name and take a slave's money and buy him with it of his master, and never trouble further. Their name protects him, and he lives as though he was free. So it was with one of our neighbors,— a handsome industrious, young man, with a wife just as good as he was, and just as handsome. I was often in to see 'em. Thriving and comfortable, happy creatures, with their little family growing up around them. One morning, I was walking past there, and as I come ... Mrs. ----—, had got used to the country, and like it at last, though she had had many a sorrowful, homesick day. 'Twas a good country But people that come, ought to look out to get a good title to their lands, and that's more than and that's more than  George Kinsley can George Kinsley can  give them give them , for I know he has not got a deed of his maybe never will. He was down to Port-au-Prince, the other day about it, to see the President, and he did'nt get to see the President, either John and Richard, my two sons, have got a counouque up at Cabaret, but see how they will be, when somebody wants to buy it of George Kinsley? All their little trees, and houses and improvements, all comfortable just to their minds, can't be taken up and carried to another counouque. They ought to have bought, see, and they would have bought, only that I thought we should maybe go back, and I would not draw for my money. My money was what Mr.— left me and his children. He said he would'nt have had it, but for my economy and good management. And though he could not make me his wife, because a nigger's nigger's counted nothing, yet, he did what he could. He left a sum of money in the hand of a gentleman in New-York for my use. When he died, I did not feel safe, though I was free. The planters in our neighborhood were unsafe. Next to us was Mr.—, and next to him Mr. Tommy -----, on the— river, about a hundred miles from Savannah. Mr. -----, what shall I say? He was just like a devil for cruelty and vice. Never a handsome quandroon girl in the whole country that he did'nt buy up— married or not, it made no difference; and if one they call a kind kind man, would not sell 'em separate, he'd buy both both — send the man to the field, and keep the woman close, where he should never set eyes on her again. How many of his people he has killed in rage and jealousy! He was mad with one, who begged him for some seed peas to plant. I'll give you seed peas, said he, and fired his pistol. The poor man dropped, and he had him dragged off and buried. Graves enough upon his place. One very handsome woman he bought and separated from her husband. She did'nt know she was in a family way. In due time, her child was born, and it was a dark one. His rage knew no bounds. He seized her, and stabbed her in the breast beat and kicked her, and had her thrown out of doors dead. You look as if such things could'nt be in America. Such things won't be scarce, as long as negroe's word goes for nothing. Dozens of witnesses there are to one and another of his murders, but they're all colored, and so he a safe. They can't prove upon him. He married a widow with one daughter, in Carolina, and when he got his finger into the property, and had had two boys by her, he came off with them and her daughter. The daughter he corrupted, and whipped the boys to make them call her mama. He was like a beast; all over his place, the mothers and daughters would be living with their brothers and sons, and often, both his his children in the same cabin! Oh, they think nothing of that. The poor people hated it, it, and they hated him. him. But what can such poor creatures do? They're altogether in his hands. If there was one word of resistance, they would have 39 in the morning, 39 more at noon, and 39 more at night, and then rum and pepper into the great gashes. Women in a family way, could'nt escape him. He had a hole dug, and had them laid over it on their faces, and their clothes tucked up round and whatever became of the woman, he was almost sure to save the child. He told them they should'nt presume upon their situation. You may judge I did'nt feel safe in that neighborhood. It is against the law there, for us to be free at all; we are not allowed to buy ourselves. But there are kind people here and there, that will let papers be drawn out in their name and take a slave's money and buy him with it of his master, and never trouble further. Their name protects him, and he lives as though he was free. So it was with one of our neighbors,— a handsome industrious, young man, with a wife just as good as he was, and just as handsome. I was often in to see 'em. Thriving and comfortable, happy creatures, with their little family growing up around them. One morning, I was walking past there, and as I come ... * Farm— little cultivated spot. * Farm— little cultivated spot. 

 DIED— In Walpole, on Monday morning, July 17th, at the residence of her son-in-law, Mr. Lawson D. Gray, Mrs. SARAH WARDSWORTH, in the 64th year of her age. In her sudden death, her daughter, an only child, has lost a kind and tender parent; one who taught her from infancy to fear the Lord, and a large circle of friends and acquaintance who deeply mourn her loss. She long felt and took a deep interest in the cause of the suffering slave, and united her prayers and alms together for his speedy emancipation. And the cause of temperance, too, shared largely in her warmest prayers, and exhortations, and alms; and the cause of moral purity, and, in fact all, most all-the reforms of the day shared her sympathy. She was a strong believer in the Advent nigh, (though not this year in particular,) and often, when speaking of that stupendous event, would her countenance light up with a holy joy, talking of the blessedness and glory that would be revealed to all that truly love the Saviour, and are looking for his glorious appearing. She has long adorned her profession by a well-ordered life and godly conversation and it may be truly said of her, that she was a blessing to all around her; her's was like the path of the upright, that shineth brighter and brighter, unto the perfect day. In her last moments, before reason left its throne, and while her life was fast receding, she seemed to be filled with the Holy Ghost— her mind seemed already in Heaven. She prayed for all, and exhorted with that fervency of spirit and animation seldom witnessed by those who surrounded her dying bed, until her voice was silent in the chill of death, and she soon fell sweetly asleep in the arms of her blessed Saviour, where her flesh will rest in hope until the morning of the glorious resurrection. DIED— In Walpole, on Monday morning, July 17th, at the residence of her son-in-law, Mr. Lawson D. Gray, Mrs. SARAH WARDSWORTH, in the 64th year of her age. In her sudden death, her daughter, an only child, has lost a kind and tender parent; one who taught her from infancy to fear the Lord, and a large circle of friends and acquaintance who deeply mourn her loss. She long felt and took a deep interest in the cause of the suffering slave, and united her prayers and alms together for his speedy emancipation. And the cause of temperance, too, shared largely in her warmest prayers, and exhortations, and alms; and the cause of moral purity, and, in fact all, most all-the reforms of the day shared her sympathy. She was a strong believer in the Advent nigh, (though not this year in particular,) and often, when speaking of that stupendous event, would her countenance light up with a holy joy, talking of the blessedness and glory that would be revealed to all that truly love the Saviour, and are looking for his glorious appearing. She has long adorned her profession by a well-ordered life and godly conversation and it may be truly said of her, that she was a blessing to all around her; her's was like the path of the upright, that shineth brighter and brighter, unto the perfect day. In her last moments, before reason left its throne, and while her life was fast receding, she seemed to be filled with the Holy Ghost— her mind seemed already in Heaven. She prayed for all, and exhorted with that fervency of spirit and animation seldom witnessed by those who surrounded her dying bed, until her voice was silent in the chill of death, and she soon fell sweetly asleep in the arms of her blessed Saviour, where her flesh will rest in hope until the morning of the glorious resurrection. Then, when Gabriel's trump shall sound,To bid the dead arise,And call the nations under ground,Triumphant to the skies;Her flesh, in full immortal bloom,Will rise at that sweet voice;And shout long victory o'er the tomb,And in her Lord rejoice. Then, when Gabriel's trump shall sound,  To bid the dead arise,  And call the nations under ground,  Triumphant to the skies;  Her flesh, in full immortal bloom,  Will rise at that sweet voice;  And shout long victory o'er the tomb,  And in her Lord rejoice. (Communicated. ( Communicated. Communicated. 

 JEFFERSON, Ashtabula Co., Ohio, JEFFERSON, Ashtabula Co., Ohio, August 13th, 1843. August 13th, 1843. DEAR FRIEND— You are aware, I suppose, that I am passing a few weeks with my friends, the agents, who are attending upon one of the series of 'The Hundred Conventions,' with a hope that some little service might be rendered the cause, and some relief given to those who intend devoting themselves for the six months to come to this work. DEAR FRIEND— You are aware, I suppose, that I am passing a few weeks with my friends, the agents, who are attending upon one of the series of 'The Hundred Conventions,' with a hope that some little service might be rendered the cause, and some relief given to those who intend devoting themselves for the six months to come to this work. You will see by the date of this letter that we have passed through New-York, and are now in Ohio, where we have held two meetings, of a day each— one at this place, (Jefferson,) and the other at Ashtabula. But the account will be given of them in due course. Let me first finish with the New-York Conventions, beginning where friend White left them in his last letter. You will see by the date of this letter that we have passed through New-York, and are now in Ohio, where we have held two meetings, of a day each— one at this place, (Jefferson,) and the other at Ashtabula. But the account will be given of them in due course. Let me first finish with the New-York Conventions, beginning where friend White left them in his last letter. The next appointment, succeeding the one at Seneca Falls, was at Batavia, which, for several reasons, was omitted. We reached Rochester, therefore, on Saturday, the 5th, and found the Convention of the other series, then in session, in the Bethel church. The whole of that evening was occupied by George. Bradburn, in one of his able efforts, to which a large audience listened with undivided attention. It was the wish of the friends in Rochester that the meetings should be continued the next day, (Sunday,) and as no other places could be had, the appointment was made for assembling in the public square. The meeting, I understand, was a grand one, and very fully attended, and by that class of the people especially, who are branded as habitual Sabbath-breakers, and immoral persons, by the religionists, and who are so, precisely because the church has failed always to meet the want in their souls. The next appointment, succeeding the one at Seneca Falls, was at Batavia, which, for several reasons, was omitted. We reached Rochester, therefore, on Saturday, the 5th, and found the Convention of the other series, then in session, in the Bethel church. The whole of that evening was occupied by George. Bradburn, in one of his able efforts, to which a large audience listened with undivided attention. It was the wish of the friends in Rochester that the meetings should be continued the next day, (Sunday,) and as no other places could be had, the appointment was made for assembling in the public square. The meeting, I understand, was a grand one, and very fully attended, and by that class of the people especially, who are branded as habitual Sabbath-breakers, and immoral persons, by the religionists, and who are so, precisely because the church has failed always to meet the want in their souls. Our Convention commenced in Lockport on Sunday morning. We were welcomed to the place by Messrs. Robbins, Mead, and others, the first of whom is the only abolitionist in the place, who is not also a Liberty party man. We met other gentlemen of the same party, who attended our meetings constantly, and some of whom were well disposed towards us. Perhaps I should rather say that all were ready to give us the right hand of good fellowship, and bid us God speed! had they been left to act out their own anti-slavery feeling, unbiassed by the base insinuations, and contemptible course of conduct pursued by others, whose position, as Liberty party men, gives them an influence over the honest men of that party in Western New-York; an influence as much abused, as it is wholly undeserved. Our Convention commenced in Lockport on Sunday morning. We were welcomed to the place by Messrs. Robbins, Mead, and others, the first of whom is the only abolitionist in the place, who is not also a Liberty party man. We met other gentlemen of the same party, who attended our meetings constantly, and some of whom were well disposed towards us. Perhaps I should rather say that all were ready to give us the right hand of good fellowship, and bid us God speed! had they been left to act out their own anti-slavery feeling, unbiassed by the base insinuations, and contemptible course of conduct pursued by others, whose position, as Liberty party men, gives them an influence over the honest men of that party in Western New-York; an influence as much abused, as it is wholly undeserved. You are aware, of course, that articles have appeared in the Liberty Press and Emancipator, warning third party men in New-York to beware of the 'Hundred Conventions.' These articles, especially that in the Emancipator, were filled with downright unblushing falsehood, and Joshua Leavitt, or his pro tem. cannot but have been aware, when the article in question was being written, that he was then and there, with malice prepense, writing more than one positive lie, and this, too, from the basest motives that the human heart could conceive. He was endeavoring, in fact, to put off the day of emancipation, to debar the people from hearing on the subject of slavery, to blind their eyes and close their ears, to the claims of our holy cause, for which he professes so much love, lest somebody should come to the conclusion that third party is not the best instrumentality that can be used for the slave's redemption! Or else, what is still worse, he is so ignorant and so careless of the effects of his action, that he will say what he knows to be false, regardless alike of the slave's cause, and character of those of whom, on certain points, he can know nothing, only because he bears an old grudge against somebody. Out upon such anti-slavery. The veriest pro-slavery priest in all Southland is worthy of admiration in comparison. You are aware, of course, that articles have appeared in the Liberty Press and Emancipator, warning third party men in New-York to beware of the 'Hundred Conventions.' These articles, especially that in the Emancipator, were filled with downright unblushing falsehood, and Joshua Leavitt, or his pro tem pro tem . cannot but have been aware, when the article in question was being written, that he was then and there, with malice prepense, writing more than one positive lie, and this, too, from the basest motives that the human heart could conceive. He was endeavoring, in fact, to put off the day of emancipation, to debar the people from hearing on the subject of slavery, to blind their eyes and close their ears, to the claims of our holy cause, for which he professes so much love, lest somebody should come to the conclusion that third party is not the best instrumentality that can be used for the slave's redemption! Or else, what is still worse, he is so ignorant and so careless of the effects of his action, that he will say what he knows to be false, regardless alike of the slave's cause, and character of those of whom, on certain points, he can know nothing, only because he bears an old grudge against somebody. Out upon such anti-slavery. The veriest pro-slavery priest in all Southland is worthy of admiration in comparison. At Seneca Falls, third party men kept away from our meetings, warned, no doubt, by the cry of their overseer. But at Lockport, we found a feeling of hostility at first in array against us. We went there in good faith, disposed to meet Liberty party men as abolitionists, and somewhat prepossessed in favor of Lockport, by the character given us of it by Abby Kelley. We knew, moreover, that third party in N. York, was frequently a very different thing from that pitiful abortion of a 'mother of harlots'— a corrupt pro-slavery church,— known as third party in Massachusetts. We supposed, therefore, that if we should be at issue at all with Lockport anti-slavery, it would be simply as to the expediency of a third party, presuming that we were already at one in all great essentials, and that they understood us, as we thought we understood them. But Leavitt's paper arrived the same morning we did, and having the confidence, as a Liberty party organ, of the Lockport men, (many of whom, we doubt not, are ignorant of the original causes of division in Massachusetts,) it fully answered the purpose of its editor. It was distinctly avowed in the course of debate, that the articles referred to had kept away many persons. Worthy followers of worthy leaders! they refused to learn from us the character of our anti-slavery, but took it upon trust from others; At Seneca Falls, third party men kept away from our meetings, warned, no doubt, by the cry of their overseer. But at Lockport, we found a feeling of hostility at first in array against us. We went there in good faith, disposed to meet Liberty party men as abolitionists abolitionists , and somewhat prepossessed in favor of Lockport, by the character given us of it by Abby Kelley. We knew, moreover, that third party in N. York, was frequently a very different thing from that pitiful abortion of a 'mother of harlots'— a corrupt pro-slavery church,— known as third party in Massachusetts. We supposed, therefore, that if we should be at issue at all with Lockport anti-slavery, it would be simply as to the expediency expediency of a third party, presuming that we were already at one one in all great essentials, and that they understood us, as we thought we understood them. But Leavitt's paper arrived the same morning we did, and having the confidence, as a Liberty party organ, of the Lockport men, (many of whom, we doubt not, are ignorant of the original causes of division in Massachusetts,) it fully answered the purpose of its editor. It was distinctly avowed in the course of debate, that the articles referred to had kept away many persons. Worthy followers of worthy leaders! they refused to learn from us the character of our anti-slavery, but took it upon trust from others; It was not so with all, however. Some came ready to do us battle; some came, perhaps the most, in good faith to judge of us for what we were, and not what we were said to be. It was not so with all, however. Some came ready to do us battle; some came, perhaps the most, in good faith to judge of us for what we were were , and not what we were said to be. said to be. Early in the meeting, the question of a remedy for the evils of slavery arose. 'We acknowledge,' it was said, 'all you assert, but what shall we do about it.' It was asserted, (in an audience of thirty people, by the bye,) that the anti-slavery sentiment was strong among the people of Lockport, and only wanted some definite direction to show itself in action. To all this, the answer was obvious, and was given accordingly. All this was a sort of bye-play, which showed itself in the first morning; showing also a smothered feeling, created by causes before referred to, striving for utterance. In the latter part of the afternoon, the same state of things arose again, and reference was made to an assertion of Charles Remond's at some former Convention, that there were but two anti-slavery clergymen in Boston, and the assertion declared to be an attack upon third party leaders in Boston, (Leavitt, Colver, &c., &c.,) which third party men here were bound to resent. Remond, in answer, referred to Colver's course in relation to the Faneuil Hall Latimer meeting. This led to a short but very animated debate, in which the Lockport men, or rather a few of them, assisted by a Mr. Noble, of Albany, who happened to be present, declared that an attack had been made upon Liberty party, and that their confidence could not be shaken by any such attacks. A protest was at once made by one of us against the gentlemen assuming for themselves the position of the injured party; we declared that that position belonged to us; that we were the party attacked; that we were thrown there upon the defensive, and we should defend ourselves; we were ready, if it was desired, to open up the whole subject of old and new organization, to show the character of third party in Massachusetts, or to discuss the expediency of Liberty party in New-York. Perhaps the gentlemen who assumed to themselves the character of injured innocents, were convinced that they were wrong; perhaps the subjects on which we declared ourselves ready to meet them, were not such as they cared to discuss; perhaps they feared that Massachusetts new organization was hardly the immaculate and heaven-born cause that the Emancipator would persuade them it was; or perhaps, which I really believe to be the fact, with most of them, they felt that there might be some mistake in the matter, and that we were not quite so bad a set as had been represented. At all events, the matter for the moment rested, and we adjourned to the evening, when a full audience gathered together to listen to Monroe. Early in the meeting, the question of a remedy for the evils of slavery arose. 'We acknowledge,' it was said, 'all you assert, but what shall we do about it.' It was asserted, (in an audience of thirty people, by the bye,) that the anti-slavery sentiment was strong among the people of Lockport, and only wanted some definite direction to show itself in action. To all this, the answer was obvious, and was given accordingly. All this was a sort of bye-play, which showed itself in the first morning; showing also a smothered feeling, created by causes before referred to, striving for utterance. In the latter part of the afternoon, the same state of things arose again, and reference was made to an assertion of Charles Remond's at some former Convention, that there were but two anti-slavery clergymen in Boston, and the assertion declared to be an attack upon third party leaders in Boston, (Leavitt, Colver, &c., &c.,) which third party men here were bound to resent. Remond, in answer, referred to Colver's course in relation to the Faneuil Hall Latimer meeting. This led to a short but very animated debate, in which the Lockport men, or rather a few of them, assisted by a Mr. Noble, of Albany, who happened to be present, declared that an attack had been made upon Liberty party, and that their confidence could not be shaken by any such attacks. A protest was at once made by one of us against the gentlemen assuming for themselves the position of the injured party; we declared that that position belonged to us; that we were the party attacked; that we were thrown there upon the defensive, and we should defend ourselves; we were ready, if it was desired, to open up the whole subject of old and new organization, to show the character of third party in Massachusetts, or to discuss the expediency of Liberty party in New-York. Perhaps the gentlemen who assumed to themselves the character of injured innocents, were convinced that they were wrong; perhaps the subjects on which we declared ourselves ready to meet them, were not such as they cared to discuss; perhaps they feared that Massachusetts new organization was hardly the immaculate and heaven-born cause that the Emancipator would persuade them it was; or perhaps, which I really believe to be the fact, with most of them, they felt that there might be some mistake in the matter, and that we were not quite so bad a set as had been represented. At all events, the matter for the moment rested, and we adjourned to the evening, when a full audience gathered together to listen to Monroe. The next morning a resolution was introduced touching the church. It in effect declared the connection between the southern church and the northern, that the latter was a participant in the guilt of the former, and that neither was, therefore, the true church. The resolution stated this, which abolitionists have for years acknowledged to be a self-evident truth, in the mildest and most inoffensive language. It was discussed quietly, and without any excitement, by ourselves, and Mr. Pickard, well known to some of our Eastern friends for his labors in Lowell and elsewhere, the past winter, and who brought a strong hand and willing heart to the work. On the opposite side, a Mr. Bridgman, a Presbyterian clergyman, arrayed himself in defence of the church. He claimed to be an abolitionist, and has, we learned, suffered some persecution for his anti-slavery, for which he has my most sincere commisseration; for never, judging from the display that day, did a man deserve less to be persecuted for such a cause. That he should render himself liable to dislike, from those opposed to him, is not surprising; for I think I never witnessed a better specimen of attempted clerical tyranny, and bitter, unmanly treatment of opponents, than was presented in this person. He seemed to think himself entirely exempt from all the customs, and even decencies of debate, by which other men are governed. We think, however, the sympathies of the people were for the truth, at last, and that new organization embodied in this Mr. Bridgman, and attempted to be smuggled in through Emancipators and Liberty Presses, has not really stood in the way of the progress of the cause at this time, but has been rather defeated in its machinations. Remond lectured in the town in the evening, according to previous arrangement, though the appointment had been nearly frustrated by two prominent church members, who stole the key of the meeting-house, to prevent a meeting. Somebody however got into the window, and opened the doors from the inside, and the people poured in all the greater numbers, to learn what it was that church members would keep from them by so mean a trick. Lockport has got something to reflect upon for a little while, and the Liberty party men will, I hope, look into this matter of new-organization and third party conjoined in Massachusetts, and probe its rottenness. Much of the material of that party in Lockport, and elsewhere in New-York, is too good and too true to be under the guidance and control of those who have once betrayed the cause of the slave, and who, no doubt, are as ready to do it again. The next morning a resolution was introduced touching the church. It in effect declared the connection between the southern church and the northern, that the latter was a participant in the guilt of the former, and that neither was, therefore, the true church. The resolution stated this, which abolitionists have for years acknowledged to be a self-evident truth, in the mildest and most inoffensive language. It was discussed quietly, and without any excitement, by ourselves, and Mr. Pickard, well known to some of our Eastern friends for his labors in Lowell and elsewhere, the past winter, and who brought a strong hand and willing heart to the work. On the opposite side, a Mr. Bridgman, a Presbyterian clergyman, arrayed himself in defence of the church. He claimed to be an abolitionist, and has, we learned, suffered some persecution for his anti-slavery, for which he has my most sincere commisseration; for never, judging from the display that day, did a man deserve less to be persecuted for such a cause. That he should render himself liable to dislike, from those opposed to him, is not surprising; for I think I never witnessed a better specimen of attempted attempted clerical tyranny tyranny , and bitter, unmanly treatment of opponents, than was presented in this person. He seemed to think himself entirely exempt from all the customs, and even decencies of debate, by which other men are governed. We think, however, the sympathies of the people were for the truth, at last, and that new organization embodied in this Mr. Bridgman, and attempted to be smuggled in through Emancipators and Liberty Presses, has not really stood in the way of the progress of the cause at this time, but has been rather defeated in its machinations. Remond lectured in the town in the evening, according to previous arrangement, though the appointment had been nearly frustrated by two prominent church members, who stole the key of the meeting-house, to prevent a meeting. Somebody however got into the window, and opened the doors from the inside, and the people poured in all the greater numbers, to learn what it was that church members would keep from them by so mean a trick. Lockport has got something to reflect upon for a little while, and the Liberty party men will, I hope, look into this matter of new-organization and third party conjoined in Massachusetts, and probe its rottenness. Much of the material of that party in Lockport, and elsewhere in New-York, is too good and too true to be under the guidance and control of those who have once betrayed the cause of the slave, and who, no doubt, are as ready to do it again. So ended the New-York Conventions. Having been there but a few days, I am not qualified to speak with confidence of the character of the anti-slavery of the State. But this I may say, that, notwithstanding the difficulties from various quarters which the agents have had to encounter, great good has been done, and that fruits of these Conventions will be seen for a long time to come. So ended the New-York Conventions. Having been there but a few days, I am not qualified to speak with confidence of the character of the anti-slavery of the State. But this I may say, that, notwithstanding the difficulties from various quarters which the agents have had to encounter, great good has been done, and that fruits of these Conventions will be seen for a long time to come. I have already written a longer letter than I ought, but I wished to be particular in regard to this Lock port meeting, not only because I thought it would be interesting to you, and other friends in Boston, but as a lesson, which to younger abolitionists, who think the matter of old and new organization all nonsense, might be of service. We passed a day and a half at Niagara, and were indeed refreshed in body and in spirit. It was true rest to see and hear the rushing of its mighty waters. If we did not learn there any new lessons, we conned over in newer and stronger lights, some old ones, which will not unfit us to work in the cause of God and humanity. I have already written a longer letter than I ought, but I wished to be particular in regard to this Lock port meeting, not only because I thought it would be interesting to you, and other friends in Boston, but as a lesson, which to younger abolitionists, who think the matter of old and new organization all nonsense, might be of service. We passed a day and a half at Niagara, and were indeed refreshed in body and in spirit. It was true rest to see and hear the rushing of its mighty waters. If we did not learn there any new lessons, we conned over in newer and stronger lights, some old ones, which will not unfit us to work in the cause of God and humanity. We are now at the house of the Hon. J.R. Giddings. The reception we have met with— the meetings we have held here— the character of the anti-slavery in Ohio, at first sight— and many other things which I long to write about, under this date, must be deferred till another time. This letter is already too long. We are now at the house of the Hon. J.R. Giddings. The reception we have met with— the meetings we have held here— the character of the anti-slavery in Ohio, at first sight— and many other things which I long to write about, under this date, must be deferred till another time. This letter is already too long. Truly your friend, Truly your friend, SYDNEY HOWARD GAY. SYDNEY HOWARD GAY. 

 WESTERN NEW-YORK, WESTERN NEW-YORK, BUFFALO, Aug. 12, 1843. BUFFALO, Aug. 12, 1843. ESTEEMED FRIEND: ESTEEMED FRIEND: Presuming that my good friends and fellow-laborers, Messrs. White, Monroe, and Gay, have kept you informed of our principal movements, I take my pen more for the purpose of making good my promise than otherwise. Our appointments, you will perceive, have been tolerably punctually kept in this State, and with the exception of Albany, have all been much better attended and more interest awakened, than I anticipated, considering the means and measures used to prevent the people from coming out. I find many, apparently unhappy, and others affect to be shocked at the remarks reported to my account, on the Liberty party in New Bedford, not long since, by our worthy friend, E. Quincy, in the Liberator. The Albany Patriot and Liberty Press have opened their columns to anonymous communications, exercising the largest liberty of the press on me, upon the presumption the report is a correct one, since I have in no instance disclaimed it. Now I confess I am amused at the sensitiveness of the gentlemen on this subject, and who manifest large courage in their false statements, and more contemptible comments, but not enough courage to write over their true signatures, otherwise I should have noticed their 'Liberty party' highnesses at an earlier day. Though I did not use, without limitation, the language attributed to me by Mr. Quincy, yet as I don't know that I differ from the view very materially, I am willing the anonymous writers should make the most of the report, so far as the fate of Massachusetts is concerned; and I must go farther by adding that I differ some from our friends, in their idea that Liberty party in New-York differs so very widely from that of the same name in our State. For instance, I heard much of Lockport: in fact, my expectations ran high before my arrival, on the high-minded, liberal, free and thoroughgoing abolitionism of the Liberty party advocates of this village, and here, of all places, I expected we should be welcomed and presumed to be disinterested in our position, until proved guilty of holding and advancing doctrines irreconcileable with genuine anti-slavery, they being judges. But I was disappointed. (For particulars, see letter of Mr. Gay.) Presuming that my good friends and fellow-laborers, Messrs. White, Monroe, and Gay, have kept you informed of our principal movements, I take my pen more for the purpose of making good my promise than otherwise. Our appointments, you will perceive, have been tolerably punctually kept in this State, and with the exception of Albany, have all been much better attended and more interest awakened, than I anticipated, considering the means and measures used to prevent the people from coming out. I find many, apparently unhappy, and others affect to be shocked at the remarks reported to my account, on the Liberty party in New Bedford, not long since, by our worthy friend, E. Quincy, in the Liberator. The Albany Patriot and Liberty Press have opened their columns to anonymous communications, exercising the largest liberty of the press on me, upon the presumption the report is a correct one, since I have in no instance disclaimed it. Now I confess I am amused at the sensitiveness of the gentlemen on this subject, and who manifest large courage in their false statements, and more contemptible comments, but not enough courage to write over their true signatures, otherwise I should have noticed their 'Liberty party' highnesses at an earlier day. Though I did not use, without limitation, the language attributed to me by Mr. Quincy, yet as I don't know that I differ from the view very materially, I am willing the anonymous writers should make the most of the report, so far as the fate of Massachusetts is concerned; and I must go farther by adding that I differ some from our friends, in their idea that Liberty party in New-York differs so very widely from that of the same name in our State. For instance, I heard much of Lockport: in fact, my expectations ran high before my arrival, on the high-minded, liberal, free and thoroughgoing abolitionism of the Liberty party advocates of this village, and here, of all places, I expected we should be welcomed and presumed to be disinterested in our position, until proved guilty of holding and advancing doctrines irreconcileable with genuine anti-slavery, they being judges. But I was disappointed. (For particulars, see letter of Mr. Gay.) Sydney H. Gay presented a very reasonable and simple resolution on the Church connexion with slavery, when a warm and somewhat protracted discussion ensued. Messrs. Bridgeman, Chace, Southworth and Prudence, opposing very strenuously, and Messrs. Gay, Monroe, White, Pickard and myself, advocating, and here I must do Mr. Pickard the justice by saying his course was characterized by the same frank, honorable and truly liberal spirit manifested in his sojourn and attendence on meeting in Massachusetts during the last winter, and those friends who heard him during the Conventions and discussions on the Church and clergy, will be pleased to learn that he acquitted himself in Lockport in the 'trial hour' of truth struggling against error and sectarianism, in a manner not less worthy of his power, intelligence and eloquence. I regard him among the faithful few; and the poor slave is indebted to him for his unyielding advocacy of truth and principle. And I would not omit to mention our good and true friends Mr. Robbins, who presided over the meeting, together with Messrs. Mead, Kline, and Mott and family, the latter being the brother of our worthy friends, the Misses Mott, of Albany. My time will not permit me to add more than the intimation that our meetings resulted in much good, and in the advancement of free principles. The resolution alluded to, was lost by a vote of 27 to 18, being a signal victory over the expectations of our opponents. Sydney H. Gay presented a very reasonable and simple resolution on the Church connexion with slavery, when a warm and somewhat protracted discussion ensued. Messrs. Bridgeman, Chace, Southworth and Prudence, opposing very strenuously, and Messrs. Gay, Monroe, White, Pickard and myself, advocating, and here I must do Mr. Pickard the justice by saying his course was characterized by the same frank, honorable and truly liberal spirit manifested in his sojourn and attendence on meeting in Massachusetts during the last winter, and those friends who heard him during the Conventions and discussions on the Church and clergy, will be pleased to learn that he acquitted himself in Lockport in the 'trial hour' of truth struggling against error and sectarianism, in a manner not less worthy of his power, intelligence and eloquence. I regard him among the faithful few; and the poor slave is indebted to him for his unyielding advocacy of truth and principle. And I would not omit to mention our good and true friends Mr. Robbins, who presided over the meeting, together with Messrs. Mead, Kline, and Mott and family, the latter being the brother of our worthy friends, the Misses Mott, of Albany. My time will not permit me to add more than the intimation that our meetings resulted in much good, and in the advancement of free principles. The resolution alluded to, was lost by a vote of 27 to 18, being a signal victory over the expectations of our opponents. Of the meetings being at this time holden by Douglass and myself, I will speak in my next. Frederick and myself intend remaining during the sitting of the Convention of the people of color, and shall then join our respective parties in Ohio with all possible despatch. Please to excuse this hurried and rambling communication— and begging to be affectionately remembered to the several members of your family, and the friends generally, Of the meetings being at this time holden by Douglass and myself, I will speak in my next. Frederick and myself intend remaining during the sitting of the Convention of the people of color, and shall then join our respective parties in Ohio with all possible despatch. Please to excuse this hurried and rambling communication— and begging to be affectionately remembered to the several members of your family, and the friends generally, I remain, very truly, I remain, very truly, Your obliged friend, Your obliged friend, C. LENOX REMOND. C. LENOX REMOND. 

 GUILDHALL HOTEL, LONDON, GUILDHALL HOTEL, LONDON, 30th of June, 1843. 30th of June, 1843. ESTEEMED FRIEND: ESTEEMED FRIEND: It has been an inexpressible pleasure to have the company of Henry C. Wright in this wilderness city, and amidst the scecnes of the sham World's Convention. The Convention did not contain him. I would have been sorry to have seen him in so humiliating a position. He kept us, the excluded half of the world, company in the 'negro pew,' and we all agreed it was the most honorable place in Freemason's Hall. In my opinion, and I meet with numbers who agree in it, the Convention, which is just over, fell short of the first, both in interest and principle. And how could it be otherwise? Josiah Forster and George Stacey, leading members of the Meeting for Sufferings,— which now stands before the world as fellowshipping pro-slavery,— are the leaders also of the London Anti-Slavery Committee. The Meeting for Sufferings, alias the before named individuals— in the first instance, declared the Indians anti-slavery Friends not to be members of our Society. The Yearly Meeting— the echo of that body— said ditto, and refused to receive the address of the anti-slavery Friends; while they received, read, and answered that from the pro-slavery portion of Indiana Yearly Meeting! And this, without any subsequent step, so far as I can ascertain, for getting at the real facts of the case— that is, for investigating the evidence on both sides, by which means they might have been enabled to decide which body is the one deserving of fellowship; and the Society here have been rescued from the stigma which now attaches to it, of fearing to face the South, and caring more for the fancied interests of a sect, than for those of truth and humanity. We who unhesitatingly utter our feelings on the subject, are told that we judge from one-sided evidence; while that which it is stated has been received on the other, is kept from us; and discussion is excluded from the pages of the 'Friend,' by the very parties who lay this to our charge! That publication admitted a highly objectionable article on the subject, written by an American resident in this neighborhood, (one who was never known, I believe, to show his face in an anti-slavery meeting on the other side of the Atlantic, but in this takes his seat among the friends of the slave,) an article which deserves no better title than that of pro-slavery; while the excellent replies of J.C. Fuller and Joseph Sturge were denied insertion! Such is the position the Society of Friends in this country now holds, and from it the Convention received much of its tone. Some of the speakers from America, who had the hardihood to allude to the Indiana secession, and to tell the things that they did know regarding our Society in that land, were unceremoniously stopped by Josiah Forster,— the chairman, Samuel Gurney, and others,*— and a request was made by the former, that what had been said on this subject, might not be inserted in the report of the proceedings!— though they had sat with the utmost unconcern while similar things were said of other bodies, and made no such request to preserve their reputation unsullied before the world. If, however, any act has tended to lower the Society in the eyes of other religious professions, it was this evidence of the sectarian spirit which rules its leading members; and the no less flagrant one given on a subsequent occasion by George Stacey, when he objected to the issuing of an address to the churches— too clearly because he feared his little Zion would come in for a portion of rebuke. Doubtless he felt that if the address were faithful, this must be the case. When the address was brought in, however, and found to be clear of any such objectionable matter, G.S. expressed his regret at having opposed it! It has been an inexpressible pleasure to have the company of Henry C. Wright in this wilderness city, and amidst the scecnes of the sham World's Convention. The Convention did not contain him. I would have been sorry to have seen him in so humiliating a position. He kept us, the excluded half of the world, company in the 'negro pew,' and we all agreed it was the most honorable place in Freemason's Hall. In my opinion, and I meet with numbers who agree in it, the Convention, which is just over, fell short of the first, both in interest and principle. And how could it be otherwise? Josiah Forster and George Stacey, leading members of the Meeting for Sufferings,— which now stands before the world as fellowshipping pro-slavery,— are the leaders also of the London Anti-Slavery Committee. The Meeting for Sufferings, alias the before named individuals— in the first instance, declared the Indians anti-slavery Friends not to be members of our Society. The Yearly Meeting— the echo of that body— said ditto, and refused to receive the address of the anti-slavery Friends; while they received, read, and answered that from the pro-slavery portion of Indiana Yearly Meeting! And this, without any subsequent step, so far as I can ascertain, for getting at the real facts of the case— that is, for investigating the evidence on both sides, by which means they might have been enabled to decide which body is the one deserving of fellowship; and the Society here have been rescued from the stigma which now attaches to it, of fearing to face the South, and caring more for the fancied interests of a sect, than for those of truth and humanity. We who unhesitatingly utter our feelings on the subject, are told that we judge from one-sided evidence; while that which it is stated has been received on the other, is kept from us; and discussion is excluded from the pages of the 'Friend,' by the very parties who lay this to our charge! That publication admitted a highly objectionable article on the subject, written by an American resident in this neighborhood, (one who was never known, I believe, to show his face in an anti-slavery meeting on the other side of the Atlantic, but in this takes his seat among the friends of the slave,) an article which deserves no better title than that of pro-slavery; while the excellent replies of J.C. Fuller and Joseph Sturge were denied insertion! Such is the position the Society of Friends in this country now holds, and from it the Convention received much of its tone. and from it the Convention received much of its tone. Some of the speakers from America, who had the hardihood hardihood to allude to the Indiana secession, and to tell the things that they did know regarding our Society in that land, were unceremoniously stopped by Josiah Forster,— the chairman, Samuel Gurney, and others,*— and a request was made by the former, that what had been said on this subject, might not be inserted in the report of the proceedings!— though they had sat with the utmost unconcern while similar things were said of other bodies while similar things were said of other bodies , and made no such request to preserve their their reputation unsullied before the world. If, however, any act has tended to lower the Society in the eyes of other religious professions, it was this evidence of the sectarian spirit which rules its leading members; and the no less flagrant one given on a subsequent occasion by George Stacey, when he objected to the issuing of an address to the churches— too clearly because he feared his little Zion would come in for a portion of rebuke. Doubtless he felt that if the address were faithful, this must be the case. When the address was brought in, however, and found to be clear of any such objectionable matter, G.S. expressed his regret at having opposed it! No doubt H.C.W. will [ ] the way in which it was managed to obtain the sanction of the Convention to the Third Party movement. It was brought up at a late hour, on Saturday evening, when all, excepting about 35 delegates, had left, and all, except J.C. Fuller, were absent, who would have spoken in opposition to it. The fact is, it was a most unworthy piece of imposition on British abolitionists, scarcely any of whom know what Third Partyism means. Even Josiah Forster, (I was told, for I was not present,) had to inquire what it was— (a fair sample, by the bye, of the ignorance of those who pretend to decide the merits of old and new organization, and to sit in judgment on the fearless and long-tried friends of the former)— yet George Stacey rebuked J.C.F. for exposing its real nature, and in conclusion expressed his approval of it. Surely, such conduct on the part of deceived and the deceivers is repugnant to every feeling of justice, honor and independence. Oh! my dear friend, these are paltry and affecting exhibitions of the cloven foot of sectarianism. Surely, if there be one demon more efficient than another in establishing Satan's kingdom on earth, it is this. It dries up the sympathies— narrows up the heart within the confines of its idol— prevents it from gushing out in generous and loving emotions towards all mankind— regards not man as man, as the image of Jehovah, the temple of the Holy One, but as what a sect or party has made him. It overlooks the divine image in man, and fixes on some of the man-made, artificial distinctions, which make him out as belonging to this or that section of the great human family. What, in short, is it, but a dethronement of the Sovereign of the Universe, and the substitution of an image of human invention to bow down to instead? No doubt H.C.W. will [ ] the way in which it was managed managed to obtain the sanction of the Convention to the Third Party movement. It was brought up at a late hour, on Saturday evening, when all, excepting about 35 delegates, had left, and all, except J.C. Fuller, were absent, who would have spoken in opposition to it. The fact is, it was a most unworthy piece of imposition on British abolitionists, scarcely any of whom know what Third Partyism means. Even Josiah Forster, (I was told, for I was not present,) had to inquire what it was— (a fair sample, by the bye, of the ignorance of those who pretend to decide the merits of old and new organization, and to sit in judgment on the fearless and long-tried friends of the former)— yet George Stacey rebuked J.C.F. for exposing its real nature, and in conclusion expressed his approval of it. Surely, such conduct on the part of deceived and the deceivers is repugnant to every feeling of justice, honor and independence. Oh! my dear friend, these are paltry and affecting exhibitions of the cloven foot of sectarianism. Surely, if there be one demon more efficient than another in establishing Satan's kingdom on earth, it is this. It dries up the sympathies— narrows up the heart within the confines of its idol— prevents it from gushing out in generous and loving emotions towards all mankind— regards not man as man, as the image of Jehovah, the temple of the Holy One, but as what a sect or party has made him. It overlooks the divine image in man, and fixes on some of the man-made, artificial distinctions, which make him out as belonging to this or that section of the great human family. What, in short, is it, but a dethronement of the Sovereign of the Universe, and the substitution of an image of human invention to bow down to instead? We have not seen much of J. Leavitt and A.A. Phelps in private. Third Partyism seems to be the idol of the former, as sect is of the latter. I never heard greater sophistry than was contained in the arguments by which they each sought to prove, that the U.S. Constitution does not sanction slavery. They are driven to this point, of course, in order to justify their political movement; but it is sad to hear men, who once took their stand on moral principle, talking of 'having grown wiser' by substituting political action. The American delegates generally, especially Phelps and Blanchard, endeavored to make it appear, that Andover Theological Seminary, Cambridge, Amherst and Williamstown Colleges, and the Vermont University, and about a dozen others, were anti-slavery institutions! Phelps said that a colored man could be admitted to any of these, exactly on the same terms as a white, and not feel any difference on account of his complexion! If this be the case, you have made rapid strides towards regenerating public opinion. But is it really so? We were repeatedly assured of the fact, but it seems incredible to me, since it is but the other day that the pro-slavery character of some of them, at least, was proverbial. A.A. Phelps also tried to palliate the state of the churches, in relation to slavery. He broadly asserted that the religion of the country was not pro-slavery; while he admitted the General Association of Massachusetts, as a body, to be pro-slavery, yet he said that the great majority of the individuals composing it are decided abolitionists! Doctor Morrison made a good reply, asking to have the real state of the churches laid before them; observing that the speech of Mr. Phelps seemed too much like palliation of their course. A.A.P. persisted, however, in the accuracy of his statements, in which he was supported by Blanchard, and opposed (if I recollect right) by Johnson, from New-York, and J.C. Fuller. We have not seen much of J. Leavitt and A.A. Phelps in private. Third Partyism seems to be the idol of the former, as sect is of the latter. I never heard greater sophistry than was contained in the arguments by which they each sought to prove, that the U.S. Constitution does not sanction slavery. They are driven to this point, of course, in order to justify their political movement; but it is sad to hear men, who once took their stand on moral principle, talking of 'having grown wiser' by substituting political action. The American delegates generally, especially Phelps and Blanchard, endeavored to make it appear, that Andover Theological Seminary, Cambridge, Amherst and Williamstown Colleges, and the Vermont University, and about a dozen others, were anti-slavery institutions! Phelps said that a colored man could be admitted to any of these, exactly on the same terms as a white, and not feel any difference on account of his complexion! If this be the case, you have made rapid strides towards regenerating public opinion. But is it really so? We were repeatedly assured of the fact, but it seems incredible to me, since it is but the other day that the pro-slavery character of some of them, at least, was proverbial. A.A. Phelps also tried to palliate the state of the churches, in relation to slavery. He broadly asserted that the religion of the country was not pro-slavery; while he admitted the General Association of Massachusetts, as a body, to be pro-slavery, yet he said that the great majority of the individuals composing it are decided abolitionists! Doctor Morrison made a good reply, asking to have the real state of the churches laid before them; observing that the speech of Mr. Phelps seemed too much like palliation of their course. A.A.P. persisted, however, in the accuracy of his statements, in which he was supported by Blanchard, and opposed (if I recollect right) by Johnson, from New-York, and J.C. Fuller. Perhaps they may be as accurate as another declaration he made— 'This is a World's Convention, the representative of the world's humanity; and he trusted it would send forth a world's protest against slavery.' I asked him afterwards, how he could call it the representation of the world's humanity, when the first step it took was to exclude one half of humanity from it. He said that, in his opinion, it did truly represent the world's humanity! I trust, however, that there is yet more humanity remaining in the world, than was represented by that sectarian and exclusive assembly. Perhaps they may be as accurate as another declaration he made— 'This is a World's Convention, the representative of the world's humanity; and he trusted it would send forth a world's protest against slavery.' I asked him afterwards, how he could call it the representation of the world's humanity, when the first step it took was to exclude one half of humanity from it. He said that, in his his opinion, it did truly represent the world's humanity! I trust, however, that there is yet more humanity remaining in the world, than was represented by that sectarian and exclusive assembly. I must now refer to the health of our beloved H.C.W.— respecting which I cannot but feel considerable solicitude; yet it is a great satisfaction to state, that it is not worse, but rather better, than when we last wrote. He kindly yielded to my urgent request, that he should take the opinion of Dr. Rammadge, a physician who is noted for his skilful treatment of lung complaints. We went together, and, after the Dr. had examined the chest very thoroughly, he said there was no active disease on the lungs— that the complaint existed chiefly in the throat— and it was well it had made its attack there, as, otherwise, it was probable he would, ere this, have had every symptom of consumption; that, if got rid of now, there was no danger; but be must speak little, and be very careful of himself for three or four months to come, by which time he hoped he would be quite well again. I told the doctor exactly how he was circumstanced here, away from his family, &c., and begged his candid judgment with respect to his remaining in this climate. He said, he saw no reason to doubt the safety of his remaining. I know how dearly thou lovest him, and, therefore, am sure that these particulars will be acceptable, and that thou will be glad to learn that Henry sees the necessity of using the precautions recommended, though it costs him many a severe struggle to refrain from embracing the openings for labor in the great cause to which his heart is devoted. He has the sympathy of many, who dearly love him on this side the Atlantic, under such a trial of patience. Nothing that I have it in my power to do, to aid his restoration, shall be wanting. I am anxious he should feel that he has a home as ready for his reception here, as in America, and that, though I do not wish him to be ill for the pleasure of nursing him, yet I do esteem it a great pleasure and a privilege to take care of him, now that he is ill. I must now refer to the health of our beloved H.C.W.— respecting which I cannot but feel considerable solicitude; yet it is a great satisfaction to state, that it is not worse, but rather better, than when we last wrote. He kindly yielded to my urgent request, that he should take the opinion of Dr. Rammadge, a physician who is noted for his skilful treatment of lung complaints. We went together, and, after the Dr. had examined the chest very thoroughly, he said there was no active disease on the lungs— that the complaint existed chiefly in the throat— and it was well it had made its attack there, as, otherwise, it was probable he would, ere this, have had every symptom of consumption; that, if got rid of now, there was no danger; but be must speak little, and be very careful of himself for three or four months to come, by which time he hoped he would be quite well again. I told the doctor exactly how he was circumstanced here, away from his family, &c., and begged his candid judgment with respect to his remaining in this climate. He said, he saw no reason to doubt the safety of his remaining. I know how dearly thou lovest him, and, therefore, am sure that these particulars will be acceptable, and that thou will be glad to learn that Henry sees the necessity of using the precautions recommended, though it costs him many a severe struggle to refrain from embracing the openings for labor in the great cause to which his heart is devoted. He has the sympathy of many, who dearly love him on this side the Atlantic, under such a trial of patience. Nothing that I have it in my power to do, to aid his restoration, shall be wanting. I am anxious he should feel that he has a home as ready for his reception here, as in America, and that, though I do not wish him to be ill for the pleasure of nursing him, yet I do esteem it a great pleasure and a privilege to take care of him, now that he is ill. Thine most affectionately, Thine most affectionately, ELIZABETH PEASE. ELIZABETH PEASE. * J.F. requested the speakers to withdraw their charges. If they would unsay what they had said, he would let the matter rest. Of course they did not thus give themselves the lie. * J.F. requested the speakers to withdraw their charges. If they would unsay what they had said, he would let the matter rest. Of course they did not thus give themselves the lie. 

 LIVERPOOL, July 26, 1843. LIVERPOOL, July 26, 1843. DEAR GARRISON: DEAR GARRISON: It is now eight weeks since I've done any thing at lecturing. I have been resting, to recover my lungs from disease. Have spent a few weeks in Darlington, a few in London, two weeks at Lewes near-Brighton and in that vicinity. A week ago to-day I came from London to Manchester. Attended two meetings there with Father Mathew on teetotalism— saw him administer the pledge. It is thought he has administered it to over 60,000 in Manchester alone. Father Mathew told me he purposed visiting the United States next spring, to spend some months there. It will be a strange sight to the posterity of the Pilgrims to see him administer the pledge, and something new to Yankees. It is now eight weeks since I've done any thing at lecturing. I have been resting, to recover my lungs from disease. Have spent a few weeks in Darlington, a few in London, two weeks at Lewes near-Brighton and in that vicinity. A week ago to-day I came from London to Manchester. Attended two meetings there with Father Mathew Father Mathew on teetotalism— saw him administer the pledge. It is thought he has administered it to over 60,000 in Manchester alone. Father Mathew told me he purposed visiting the United States next spring, to spend some months there. It will be a strange sight to the posterity of the Pilgrims to see him administer the pledge, and something new to Yankees. I am now on my way to Glasgow, to meet the Glasgow Emancipation Society on the 1st of August; and if I can endure the climate, as I now feel determined to do, (as I am entirely worn out by resting and quietness, I want to finish my work that I came to do, and return to my home, if I may be permitted to do so,) I shall stay in Scotland two or three months. Then I propose to return to the South of England, and spend part of the winter in Bristol and vicinity, and lecture. The way is all open in various parts of the kingdom for me to lecture; but the climate is horrible, and I have a constant irritation on my lungs. I am now on my way to Glasgow, to meet the Glasgow Emancipation Society on the 1st of August; and if I can endure the climate, as I now feel determined determined to do, (as I am entirely worn out by resting and quietness, I want to finish my work that I came to do, and return to my home, if I may be permitted to do so,) I shall stay in Scotland two or three months. Then I propose to return to the South of England, and spend part of the winter in Bristol and vicinity, and lecture. The way is all open in various parts of the kingdom for me to lecture; but the climate is horrible, and I have a constant irritation on my lungs. England is in a fearful state of agitation, and must be more so. Elements are at work which must end in a great revolution in the social state. Free trade is the all-absorbing interest and in discussing this, war and the army and navy come in of necessity, for they lick up four-fifths of the revenue of the nation. But for these, four-fifths of the taxes might be instantly removed. England is in a fearful state of agitation, and must be more so. Elements are at work which must end in a great revolution in the social state. Free trade is the all-absorbing interest and in discussing this, war and the army and navy come in of necessity, for they lick up four-fifths of the revenue of the nation. But for these, four-fifths of the taxes might be instantly removed. Ireland is convulsed, headed by O'Connell. Nearly 40,000 hired cut-throats and assassins— the Queen's hired assassins, alias the Queen's soldiers, are now stationed in Ireland, to keep the peace! Infatuation! Sure and certain way to make a civil war— what the hired human butchers are all panting for. They have learned their trade, and now are anxious to work at it, i.e. CUTTING HUMAN THROATS. Thus does England keep the peace, by a dagger pointed at the hearts of the people. It is a fearfully horrid system, and the day is not far distant when the taxed and starving people will raise a united cry against it. The wheels of government scarcely move— the Ministry at their wit's end. Poor Peel! he is wholly incompetent to steer the ship of state amid the rocks and quicksands that beset it all around. Free trade is fast becoming the political test of the nation. John Bright, the leading free-trader, was yesterday elected in Durham as member of Parliament. Ireland is convulsed, headed by O'Connell. Nearly 40,000 hired cut-throats and assassins— the Queen's hired assassins, alias the Queen's soldiers, are now stationed in Ireland, to keep the peace! peace! Infatuation! Sure and certain way to make a civil war— what the hired human butchers are all panting for. They have learned their trade, and now are anxious to work at it, i.e. CUTTING HUMAN THROATS. Thus does England keep the peace, by a dagger pointed at the hearts of the people. It is a fearfully horrid system, and the day is not far distant when the taxed and starving people will raise a united cry against it. The wheels of government scarcely move— the Ministry at their wit's end. Poor Peel! he is wholly incompetent to steer the ship of state amid the rocks and quicksands that beset it all around. Free trade is fast becoming the political test of the nation. John Bright, the leading free-trader, was yesterday elected in Durham as member of Parliament. But I am not able to write much now, except to keep my journal. I spent several days in the family of George Thompson. It is expected that he will return from India in the fall, as representative of the king of Delhi, a native king of a small territory in India. I send this by Richard Weston, who returns by the steamer of the 4th. But I am not able to write much now, except to keep my journal. I spent several days in the family of George Thompson. It is expected that he will return from India in the fall, as representative of the king of Delhi, a native king of a small territory in India. I send this by Richard Weston, who returns by the steamer of the 4th. May God bless you and yours, and preserve you all in Christian rest. May God bless you and yours, and preserve you all in Christian rest. H.C. WRIGHT. H.C. WRIGHT. 

 (The following is communicated by a veracious eye-witness of the murderous scene described.) (The following is communicated by a veracious eye-witness of the murderous scene described.) MR. EDITOR: MR. EDITOR: Having seen several accounts of the affray which occurred on Sunday afternoon in Ann-street, neither of which is strictly correct, I wish, through your paper, to give a true one. Having seen several accounts of the affray which occurred on Sunday afternoon in Ann-street, neither of which is strictly correct, I wish, through your paper, to give a true one. About 4 o'clock, P.M. some colored sailors were standing on the side-walk in front of Mr. Forman's sailor boarding-house, when several white sailors passed up and down the street, among them, 'Smith,' boatswain's mate of the 'Ohio,' well known in Ann-street as a notorious pugilist. When they came opposite the colored sailors, Smith called out to them, 'Get off the side-walk, you damned niggers,' and at the same time advanced and pushed one of them off, and went towards and pushed another, who said, 'Mind how you push.' 'Don't you like it?' asked Smith. 'No,' said the colored man. Smith rushed upon him, seized him by the bosom of his shirt, struck him several blows, and tore his shirt off. The colored man then got clear of him and ran. Smith then took hold of another. The two closed, and, struggling, both fell in the street. About 4 o'clock, P.M. some colored sailors were standing on the side-walk in front of Mr. Forman's sailor boarding-house, when several white sailors passed up and down the street, among them, 'Smith,' boatswain's mate of the 'Ohio,' well known in Ann-street as a notorious pugilist. When they came opposite the colored sailors, Smith called out to them, 'Get off the side-walk, you damned niggers,' and at the same time advanced and pushed one of them off, and went towards and pushed another, who said, 'Mind how you push.' 'Don't you like it?' asked Smith. ' No No ,' said the colored man. Smith rushed upon him, seized him by the bosom of his shirt, struck him several blows, and tore his shirt off. The colored man then got clear of him and ran. Smith then took hold of another. The two closed, and, struggling, both fell in the street. One of the white men then ran up and kicked the colored man in the side several times in quick succession. Smith rose, still hold of him, and pushed him back into Forman's house. The others followed in, and then began the general melee between the white and colored sailors. The latter were too strong for the former, overpowered and drove them out, and closed the doors and shutters. During the affray in the house, one of the white sailors was struck with a glass bottle, and cut badly, making a gash in the cheek. He fell, and was carried off by his comrades. The mob without were shouting, 'Kill the niggers'— 'Tear down the house'— and they commenced throwing stones, clubs, and other missiles, and broke in the doors and windows. Smith rushed in, calling on the others to follow him. The colored people from within throw a volley of glass bottles; one struck Smith in the face, and he fell out on the side-walk. By this time the police had arrived, and were attempting to quell the riot, while missiles were flying from within and without the house. One of the white men then ran up and kicked the colored man in the side several times in quick succession. Smith rose, still hold of him, and pushed him back into Forman's house. The others followed in, and then began the general melee between the white and colored sailors. The latter were too strong for the former, overpowered and drove them out, and closed the doors and shutters. During the affray in the house, one of the white sailors was struck with a glass bottle, and cut badly, making a gash in the cheek. He fell, and was carried off by his comrades. The mob without were shouting, 'Kill the niggers'— 'Tear down the house'— and they commenced throwing stones, clubs, and other missiles, and broke in the doors and windows. Smith rushed in, calling on the others to follow him. The colored people from within throw a volley of glass bottles; one struck Smith in the face, and he fell out on the side-walk. By this time the police had arrived, and were attempting to quell the riot, while missiles were flying from within and without the house. The police not being able to quell the riot, the bells were ordered to be rung, and an alarm of fire raised. Mr. Forman, the master of the house, being at church, was sent for. The mob were breathing out threatenings against the colored people, and every colored person that appeared in the street was cruelly beaten, some of them nearly to death. The police not being able to quell the riot, the bells were ordered to be rung, and an alarm of fire raised. Mr. Forman, the master of the house, being at church, was sent for. The mob were breathing out threatenings against the colored people, and every colored person that appeared in the street was cruelly beaten, some of them nearly to death. The mob having broken in all the doors and windows of the house, and driven most of the inmates out, rushed in, and commenced destroying the furniture. While thus engaged, Forman arrived, and on attempting to enter his house, was struck in the forehead by one on the outside, and he fell to the floor. Several kicked and jumped upon him, crying out, 'Kill the nigger.' They dragged him out into the gutter, and left him senseless. Several white man picked him up, and carried him to the house opposite, occupied as a sailors' boarding-house, where being refused admittance, he was conveyed to a sailors' boarding-house in Sun Court-street. The City Marshal, assisted by the firemen, having formed a coridor of ropes around the house, took effective measures to guard against further outbreaks. Great excitement prevailed, but nothing further serious occurred, though there were many threats uttered. The mob having broken in all the doors and windows of the house, and driven most of the inmates out, rushed in, and commenced destroying the furniture. While thus engaged, Forman arrived, and on attempting to enter his house, was struck in the forehead by one on the outside, and he fell to the floor. Several kicked and jumped upon him, crying out, 'Kill the nigger.' They dragged him out into the gutter, and left him senseless. Several white man picked him up, and carried him to the house opposite, occupied as a sailors' boarding-house, where being refused admittance, he was conveyed to a sailors' boarding-house in Sun Court-street. The City Marshal, assisted by the firemen, having formed a coridor coridor of ropes around the house, took effective measures to guard against further outbreaks. Great excitement prevailed, but nothing further serious occurred, though there were many threats uttered. B. B. 

 The publisher of the Herald of Freedom is requested to send his paper one year to 'Abner Haines, New-London Cross Roads, Chester Co. Pa,' and charge the same to C.C. Burleigh. The publisher of the Herald of Freedom is requested to send his paper one year to 'Abner Haines, New-London Cross Roads, Chester Co. Pa,' and charge the same to C.C. Burleigh. 

 The Auburn Advertiser, in allusion to the age and services of this venerable public servant, says: The Auburn Advertiser, in allusion to the age and services of this venerable public servant, says: 'We believe the age of Mr. Adams to be 76 on the 11th of last month; and having been (as he mentioned in his address at Syracuse,) in public life at the early age of 14, it makes his truly a long public career. At [ ] he accompanied his father to Europe, where he learned the French language; and at the time he was 14, a minister having been appointed to one of the northern governments of Europe, who was ignorant of the language, young John Quincy was appointed and accredited by the two governments as his private Secretary, by whom all papers were translated, and all the other important duties of such office performed! From the age of 26 to the present time, no period of two years has passed in which he has not been in public life— and he has just been re-elected to a seat in Congress. 'We believe the age of Mr. Adams to be 76 on the 11th of last month; and having been (as he mentioned in his address at Syracuse,) in public life at the early age of 14, it makes his truly a long public career. At [ ] he accompanied his father to Europe, where he learned the French language; and at the time he was 14, a minister having been appointed to one of the northern governments of Europe, who was ignorant of the language, young John Quincy was appointed and accredited by the two governments as his private Secretary, by whom all papers were translated, and all the other important duties of such office performed! From the age of 26 to the present time, no period of two years has passed in which he has not been in public life— and he has just been re-elected to a seat in Congress. 

 MR. ADAMS IN ALBANY. The reception of this pure statesman was just what it should be at Albany. Eight thousand bid him welcome, and his reply to their welcome touched every heart. We give the closing paragraph of his address:— MR. ADAMS IN ALBANY. The reception of this pure statesman was just what it should be at Albany. Eight thousand bid him welcome, and his reply to their welcome touched every heart. We give the closing paragraph of his address:— 'Lingering as I am on the stage of public life, and as many think, lingering beyond the period when nature calls for repose— while I remain in the station which I now occupy in the Congress of the United States, if you, my hearers, as an assembly, or if any one among you, as an individual, have any object or purpose to promote, or any end to secure, that he believes can in any way advance his interests, or increase his happiness, then, in the name of God, I ask you to send your petitions to me! (Tremendous cheering.) I hope that this is not trespassing too far on politics. (Laughter and cheers.) I unhesitatingly promise to you, one and all, that if I can in any way serve you in that station, I will do it most cheerfully; regarding it as the choicest blessing of God if I shall be thus enabled to make some just return for the kind attentions which you have this day bestowed upon me.' 'Lingering as I am on the stage of public life, and as many think, lingering beyond the period when nature calls for repose— while I remain in the station which I now occupy in the Congress of the United States, if you, my hearers, as an assembly, or if any one among you, as an individual, have any object or purpose to promote, or any end to secure, that he believes can in any way advance his interests, or increase his happiness, then, in the name of God, I ask you to send your petitions to me! send your petitions to me! (Tremendous cheering.) I hope that this is not trespassing too far on politics. (Laughter and cheers.) I unhesitatingly promise to you, one and all, that if I can in any way serve you in that station, I will do it most cheerfully; regarding it as the choicest blessing of God if I shall be thus enabled to make some just return for the kind attentions which you have this day bestowed upon me.' 

 We are informed by Capt. Lane, of the brig Russia, which arrived yesterday from Trinidad, Cuba, that a Spanish Guineaman arrived at that port on the 2d of June, and landed her cargo, consisting of four hundred and fifty slaves. They were landed about five miles to leeward of the town of Trinidad. The vessel and cargo are the property of Don Pellro Blanco, Esq. the famous negro stealer. The vessel was overhauling and refitting with great despatch for another voyage. She would sail in about fifteen, days.— Jour. Com. We are informed by Capt. Lane, of the brig Russia, which arrived yesterday from Trinidad, Cuba, that a Spanish Guineaman arrived at that port on the 2d of June, and landed her cargo, consisting of four hundred and fifty slaves. They were landed about five miles to leeward of the town of Trinidad. The vessel and cargo are the property of Don Pellro Blanco, Esq. the famous negro stealer. The vessel was overhauling and refitting with great despatch for another voyage. She would sail in about fifteen, days.— Jour. Com. Jour. Com. 

 A 'Cute Trick' of Ranaway Negroes.— The N.Y. Standard states that recently about twenty slaves, in the State of Maryland, took it into their heads to make a push for Canada. They met together in a common band, in Baltimore county. They proceeded as far as the bridge at Havre de Grace, where they sent two of their number forward, to make the experiment of crossing. The gate-keeper refused to let them pass. The couple then returned to their companions; when after some consultation, they built a coffin of rough boards, put it on a bier and placed one of their number on it. Then, in a solemn funeral, procession, they marched up to the bridge, and asked the privilege of crossing to bury their friend on the other side. The ruse took. The procession crossed over, and kept on the highway, till they got out of sight; they then took to the woods again, and resurrected their dead companion. So says a fugitive, who saw several of them in Philadelphia. They deserve their freedom, after such a successful 'operation' as that. A 'Cute Trick' of Ranaway Negroes. A 'Cute Trick' of Ranaway Negroes. — The N.Y. Standard states that recently about twenty slaves, in the State of Maryland, took it into their heads to make a push for Canada. They met together in a common band, in Baltimore county. They proceeded as far as the bridge at Havre de Grace, where they sent two of their number forward, to make the experiment of crossing. The gate-keeper refused to let them pass. The couple then returned to their companions; when after some consultation, they built a coffin coffin of rough boards, put it on a bier and placed one of their number on it. Then, in a solemn funeral, procession, they marched up to the bridge, and asked the privilege of crossing to bury their friend on the other side. The ruse took. The procession crossed over, and kept on the highway, till they got out of sight; they then took to the woods again, and resurrected resurrected their dead companion. So says a fugitive, who saw several of them in Philadelphia. They deserve their freedom, after such a successful 'operation' as that. 

 The Pawtucket Juvenile Anti-Slavery Society would inform the friends of emancipation, that their eighth annual Fair will take place in this village, Wednesday, September 13th. The proceeds of the Fair will be appropriated to the support of the Rhode-Island Anti-Slavery Office. Any assistance which friends from abroad may be disposed to render, will be gratefully received. The Pawtucket Juvenile Anti-Slavery Society would inform the friends of emancipation, that their eighth annual Fair will take place in this village, Wednesday, September 13th. The proceeds of the Fair will be appropriated to the support of the Rhode-Island Anti-Slavery Office. Any assistance which friends from abroad may be disposed to render, will be gratefully received. I.J. ADAMS, I.J. ADAMS, SUSAN SISSON, SUSAN SISSON, G.B. BLISS, G.B. BLISS, Superintending Committee. Superintending Committee. Superintending Committee. Pawtucket, Aug. 23. Pawtucket, Aug. 23. 

 BY this wonderful invention, a letter and duplicate can be written in one operation, with more case and greater facility than a single letter with an ordinary pen and ink. BY this wonderful invention, a letter and duplicate can be written in one operation, with more case and greater facility than a single letter with an ordinary pen and ink. To the mercantile, professional and travelling part of the community, this truly great invention is of infinite value, as it is a great saving of TIME, TROUBLE and EXPENSE. The principal advantage to be derived from the Manifold Writer is, that a copy of any document may be kept without any additional trouble to the writer, and without any necessity of using either an inkstand or a pen. The instrument used for writing is an agate point, consequently it never wears by use. For banks, insurance offices, merchants, men of business generally, lawyers, postmasters, editors, reporters, public officers, and all who may be desirous of preserving copies of their letters, documents, &c. with an immense saving of time and the satisfaction of having an exact copy of what they have written, this will be found invaluable. To the mercantile, professional and travelling part of the community, this truly great invention is of infinite value, as it is a great saving of TIME, TROUBLE and EXPENSE. The principal advantage to be derived from the Manifold Writer is, that a copy of any document may be kept without any additional trouble to the writer, and without any necessity of using either an inkstand or a pen. The instrument used for writing is an agate point, consequently it never wears by use. For banks, insurance offices, merchants, men of business generally, lawyers, postmasters, editors, reporters, public officers, and all who may be desirous of preserving copies of their letters, documents, &c. with an immense saving of time and the satisfaction of having an exact exact copy of what they have written, this will be found invaluable. Francis's Manifold Writer has been in successful operation two years, during which time the proprietor has had the pleasure of receiving the unfeigned approbation of all whose observation it has come under. At the late fair of the American Institute, the merits of the article were examined into by three of the most able chemists in the country, who pronounced it to be a very ingenious and useful contrivance, and not liable to change color by exposure to air, moisture, or chemical agents. Consequently a medal was awarded by the Institute. Francis's Manifold Writer has been in successful operation two years, during which time the proprietor has had the pleasure of receiving the unfeigned approbation of all whose observation it has come under. At the late fair of the American Institute, the merits of the article were examined into by three of the most able chemists in the country, who pronounced it to be a very ingenious and useful contrivance, and not liable to change color by exposure to air, moisture, or chemical agents. Consequently a medal was awarded by the Institute. Stationers and country merchants in general will find it to their advantage to procure the article, as they meet with a ready sale. A liberal deduction made to those who buy by wholesale. Stationers and country merchants in general will find it to their advantage to procure the article, as they meet with a ready sale. A liberal deduction made to those who buy by wholesale. Newspapers to magazines throughout the country, copying the above entire, without alteration or abridgement, (including this notice,) and giving it twelve inside insertions, shall receive a copy subject to their order by sending a paper containing the advertisement to the office of the subscriber. Newspapers to magazines throughout the country, copying the above entire entire , without alteration or abridgement, (including this notice,) and giving it twelve inside insertions, shall receive a copy subject to their order by sending a paper containing the advertisement to the office of the subscriber. LEWIS FRANCIS, 83 William-street, LEWIS FRANCIS, 83 William-street, corner Maiden Lane, New-York. corner Maiden Lane, New-York. 

