 MANLY SENTIMENTS. We copy the following paragraph, relative to Gov. Morton's appointment of certain agents at the South to protect northern seamen from the operation of southern laws, (though protection is utterly impracticable while slavery exists,) from the Baltimore Saturday Visitor, a paper which exhibits a good deal of humanity and moral courage, considering its location: MANLY SENTIMENTS. We copy the following paragraph, relative to Gov. Morton's appointment of certain agents at the South to protect northern seamen from the operation of southern laws, (though protection is utterly impracticable while slavery exists,) from the Baltimore Saturday Visitor, a paper which exhibits a good deal of humanity and moral courage, considering its location: 'We are glad of this movement. The treatment received in some of the southern ports, by the poor black sailors, is often cruel and oppressive beyond measure— a disgrace to the South and the whole country. It is time something were done for their rights. It is the true interest of the South to protect the Northerns of all classes. Injustice can but lead to exasperation of feeling and its direful consequences.' 'We are glad of this movement. The treatment received in some of the southern ports, by the poor black sailors, is often cruel and oppressive beyond measure— a disgrace to the South and the whole country. It is time something were done for their rights. It is the true interest of the South to protect the Northerns of all classes. Injustice can but lead to exasperation of feeling and its direful consequences.' 

 THE DECADE MEETING. This grand celebration will commence in Philadelphia on Monday next, and probably be continued two or three days. Our Pennsylvania friends are confidently expecting a strong delegation from New England, and are prepared to extend the rites of hospitality to all who attend. There will be a strong array of talent, genius and philanthropy then brought together. Lucertia Mott, Abby Kelley, S.S. Foster, D.L. Child, Thomas Earle, J.A. Collins, C.L. Remond, Frederick Douglass, George Bradburn, James Monroe, and other conspicuous friends of our cause, will be present. May the spirit of love and a sound mind, and of uncompromising fidelity to principle, characterise the proceedings! THE DECADE MEETING. This grand celebration will commence in Philadelphia on Monday next, and probably be continued two or three days. Our Pennsylvania friends are confidently expecting a strong delegation from New England, and are prepared to extend the rites of hospitality to all who attend. There will be a strong array of talent, genius and philanthropy then brought together. Lucertia Mott, Abby Kelley, S.S. Foster, D.L. Child, Thomas Earle, J.A. Collins, C.L. Remond, Frederick Douglass, George Bradburn, James Monroe, and other conspicuous friends of our cause, will be present. May the spirit of love and a sound mind, and of uncompromising fidelity to principle, characterise the proceedings! 

 Whatever may be Garrison's private sentiments, it is a fact that his special friends, his cabinet officers, his principal anti-slavery children, are semi-infidels, growing worse and worse, and he restrains t hem not. It cannot be doubted that, with the mighty influence he has had, he might have turned the tide of abolitionism in favor of the Bible, and so have made it tributary to holiness. Instead of arraying the forces of his party against the Bible, together with the false Church, Ministry and Sabbath, he might have effectually subverted the false Church, Ministry and Sabbath, by the Bible. But evil counsels have prevailed over him; and it is more and more evident that he is leagued with a party whose practical influence will be on the wrong side in the coming conflict between faith and unbelief. In view of this state of the original Anti-Slavery Society, we find it necessary to place in front of our profession of abolitionism, a disclaimer of fellowship with the semi-infidelity of Rogers, Collins, and the party which they lead. We will sink our abolitionism, before we will sink our love of the Bible and its religion. If we are abolitionists at all, we will be christian abolitionists— Bible abolitionists. The God we serve will not allow us to 'walk in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stand in the way of sinners, nor sit in the seat of the scornful,' for the sake of furthering abolition or any other cause. Whatever may be Garrison's private sentiments, it is a fact that his special friends, his cabinet officers, his principal anti-slavery children, are semi-infidels, growing worse and worse, and he restrains t hem not. It cannot be doubted that, with the mighty influence he has had, he might have turned the tide of abolitionism in favor of the Bible, and so have made it tributary to holiness. Instead of arraying the forces of his party against the Bible, together with the false Church, Ministry and Sabbath, he might have effectually subverted the false Church, Ministry and Sabbath, by the Bible. by the Bible. But evil counsels have prevailed over him; and it is more and more evident that he is leagued with a party whose practical influence will be on the wrong side in the coming conflict between faith and unbelief. In view of this state of the original Anti-Slavery Society, we find it necessary to place in front of our profession of abolitionism, a disclaimer of fellowship with the semi-infidelity of Rogers, Collins, and the party which they lead. We will sink our abolitionism, before we will sink our love of the Bible and its religion. If we are abolitionists at all, we will be christian christian abolitionists— Bible Bible abolitionists. The God we serve will not allow us to 'walk in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stand in the way of sinners, nor sit in the seat of the scornful,' for the sake of furthering abolition or any other cause. With these protests, we avow ourselves the advocates of the immediate abolition of American slavery. And we consider abolitionism thus subordinated to the Bible and to religious principle, an indispensable characteristic of every intelligent Perfectionist. The sects that defend sin, and hug the seventh chapter of Romans, are at liberty to parley with their consciences and take the convenient middle course between right and wrong. But they who are determined to 'perfect holiness in the fear of the Lord,' cannot submit to the bondage of any sin in themselves, or be partakers in the iniquities of others. With these protests, we avow ourselves the advocates of the immediate abolition of American slavery. And we consider abolitionism thus subordinated to the Bible and to religious principle, an indispensable characteristic of every intelligent Perfectionist. The sects that defend sin, and hug the seventh chapter of Romans, are at liberty to parley with their consciences and take the convenient middle course between right and wrong. But they who are determined to ' perfect perfect holiness in the fear of the Lord,' cannot submit to the bondage of any sin in themselves, or be partakers in the iniquities of others. American slavery is a national crime, and of course involves in its guilt every voluntary member of the national confederacy. As Perfectionists, we made up our minds in 1836 that we would not remain partakers in that crime. We reasoned thus: Allowing that the southern States have a right to be their own judges in regard to slavery, and that we have no right to interfere in a matter which lies between them and God, yet it is manifest that they have no right to compel us to be partners with them in what we deem to be the crime of slaveholding, which they do, so long as we are confederated with them under the present Constitution. We then have a right to demand either an alteration of the Constitution, or a dissolution of the confederacy. We have a right, as individuals responsible to God for the preservation of our own good consciences, to protest against the sins of our southern confederate, and labor for their removal, on the ground that we are involved in their guilt; and if their removal is hopeless, we have a right, and are bound, to withdraw from the confederacy. For ourselves, the latter course seemed the true one, and we did withdraw, giving public notice of the fact. Since then, our conscience has been as free from all contamination by American slavery, as if we had lived in China. If any one suggests that we enjoy the protection of the American government, and are therefore subjects of it, and of course still participators in its crimes, we answer: Resident foreigners enjoy the protection of the American government; yet they are not subjects of it, nor partakers in its crimes. The government is bound to protect such foreigners, on peril of war with the nation to which they belong. We are resident foreigners; citizens not of the United States, but of the kingdom of Christ; and as such, we claim the protection of the government of the United States, while we disclaim allegiance to it and participation in its evil deeds. It we are not protected by the United States in this position, the government to which we belong is able to defend us. Who can show that this is not a fair and feasible method of single-handed 'nullification'? We adopted it as the only way we could find to escape a guilty partnership. American slavery is a national national crime, and of course involves in its guilt every voluntary member of the national confederacy. As Perfectionists, we made up our minds in 1836 that we would not remain partakers in that crime. We reasoned thus: Allowing that the southern States have a right to be their own judges in regard to slavery, and that we have no right to interfere in a matter which lies between them and God, yet it is manifest that they have no right to compel us to be partners with them in what we deem to be the crime of slaveholding, which they do, so long as we are confederated with them under the present Constitution. We then have a right to demand either an alteration of the Constitution, or a dissolution of the confederacy. We have a right, as individuals responsible to God for the preservation of our own good consciences, to protest against the sins of our southern confederate, and labor for their removal, on the ground that we are involved in their guilt; and if their removal is hopeless, we have a right, and are bound, to withdraw from the confederacy. For ourselves, the latter course seemed the true one, and we did withdraw, giving public notice of the fact. Since then, our conscience has been as free from all contamination by American slavery, as if we had lived in China. If any one suggests that we enjoy the protection of the American government, and are therefore subjects of it, and of course still participators in its crimes, we answer: Resident foreigners enjoy the protection of the American government; yet they are not subjects of it, nor partakers in its crimes. The government is bound is bound to protect such foreigners, on peril of war with the nation to which they belong. We are resident foreigners; citizens not of the United States, but of the kingdom of Christ; and as such, we claim the protection of the government of the United States, while we disclaim allegiance to it and participation in its evil deeds. It we are not protected by the United States in this position, the government to which we belong is able to defend us. Who can show that this is not a fair and feasible method of single-handed 'nullification'? We adopted it as the only way we could find to escape a guilty partnership. We have no disposition to urge this course upon others. If any think it speculative and unpractical, or premature, let them do what they think their duty in the matter. Only let them clear themselves of the guilt of partnership with the oppression and hypocrisy of the South. If they think there is ground of hope that the Constitution may be changed, and that slavery may be abolished without a dissolution of the Union, and with this hope choose to remain citizens of the United States, let them, as such, protest, preach, and vote against slavery. They can do this without joining any anti-slavery society. The Liberty party presents suitable candidates, and furnishes all necessary facilities of action against slavery to men as citizens, and not merely as professional abolitionists. The position of that party is such that even seceders from the Union may co-operate with it, without inconsistency. By its Buffalo resolutions, it has declared that part of the Constitution and laws of the United States which upholds slavery, contrary to the law of God, and not binding on the conscience. This is in effect a declaration of independence; and the Liberty party is actually a peaceful voting insurrection against the government. Their principles carried out, must end in the overthrow of the Constitution, the dissolution of the Union, and the establishment of a theocracy. For what is it but a theocracy, where the law of God is acknowledged paramount to the Constitution? As resident foreigners, hoping for the establishment of a theocratic government, not only over this country, but over the world, we bid the Liberty party Godspeed; and we counsel all our friends who are yet citizens of the United States, to co-operate with that party, if they meddle with politics at all. During the Presidential campaign of 1840, some Perfectionists in this region were carried away by the Harrison mania, and we understand that in the State of New-York several were quite active and distinguished in 'hard cider' oratory and electioneering. As another similar campaign is now opening, and it is to be expected that many Perfectionists will unavoidably feel an interest and take a part in the general conflict, we commend to them the Liberty party as far preferable to either of the others. We have no disposition to urge this course upon others. If any think it speculative and unpractical, or premature, let them do what they they think their duty in the matter. Only let them clear themselves of the guilt of partnership with the oppression and hypocrisy of the South. If they think there is ground of hope that the Constitution may be changed, and that slavery may be abolished without a dissolution of the Union, and with this hope choose to remain citizens of the United States, let them, as such, protest, preach, and vote vote against slavery. They can do this without joining any anti-slavery society. The Liberty party presents suitable candidates, and furnishes all necessary facilities of action against slavery to men as citizens as citizens , and not merely as professional abolitionists. The position of that party is such that even seceders from the Union may co-operate with it, without inconsistency. By its Buffalo resolutions, it has declared that part of the Constitution and laws of the United States which upholds slavery, contrary to the law of God, and not binding on the conscience. This is in effect a declaration of independence; and the Liberty party is actually a peaceful voting insurrection insurrection against the government. Their principles carried out, must end in the overthrow of the Constitution, the dissolution of the Union, and the establishment of a theocracy. For what is it but a theocracy, where the law of God is acknowledged paramount to the Constitution? As resident foreigners, hoping for the establishment of a theocratic government, not only over this country, but over the world, we bid the Liberty party Godspeed; and we counsel all our friends who are yet citizens of the United States, to co-operate with that party, if they meddle with politics at all. During the Presidential campaign of 1840, some Perfectionists in this region were carried away by the Harrison mania, and we understand that in the State of New-York several were quite active and distinguished in 'hard cider' oratory and electioneering. As another similar campaign is now opening, and it is to be expected that many Perfectionists will unavoidably feel an interest and take a part in the general conflict, we commend to them the Liberty party as far preferable to either of the others. N. N. 

 PUTNEY PERFECTIONISM. For the latest specimen of this 'ism,' see the long article in the 'Refuge of Oppression,' from the pen of JOHN H. NOYES. In its spirit, dialect, mode of reasoning, self-conceit, vague impeachment, and hue-and-cry against certain old organized abolitionists, it is worthy to have originally appeared in the columns of the Puritan, Recorder, Boston Pilate, Olive Branch, N.Y. Observer, &c. 'Reverend Messrs. A.A. Phelps, C.T. Torrey, Nathaniel Colver, and Alanson St. Clair,' what have you now to say about your Putney associate and ally? PUTNEY PERFECTIONISM. For the latest specimen of this 'ism,' see the long article in the 'Refuge of Oppression,' from the pen of JOHN H. NOYES. In its spirit, dialect, mode of reasoning, self-conceit, vague impeachment, and hue-and-cry against certain old organized abolitionists, it is worthy to have originally appeared in the columns of the Puritan, Recorder, Boston Pilate, Olive Branch, N.Y. Observer, &c. 'Reverend Messrs. A.A. Phelps, C.T. Torrey, Nathaniel Colver, and Alanson St. Clair,' what have you now to say about your Putney associate and ally? 

 This is a rather ably edited paper in the town of Lynn, partly, indeed principally devoted to Temperance. The public will be disgusted at its present course, if continued. On the 5th ult. it departed from its legitimate business to attack one of the most respectable charitable societies in the country, (Odd Fellows,) and after some of its own weak remarks, republished that Ishmaelite Garrison's rhodomontade against the society to which we referred, and partly copied some months since, the arguments used against the Society by Garrison, it will be remembered that it was a secret Society, and has chaplains, and therefore were devilish! But such things are expected of Garrison, the misanthrope, the professed enemy of the Christian Church, who is at war professedly with all the heaven-appointed ordinances of the house of God, such as Christian Baptism, the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, a Gospel Ministry, and the Christian Sabbath, and advocates such fooleries as non-resistance and the abolition of all human government, while he calls on God and man to curse all who doubt his own dogmas, or resist his dictations, or doubt either his ethics or code of morals. Nothing better can be expected of him; but that the editor of a paper devoted to a noble charity, should disgrace itself and forfeit public support, by an unprovoked war on as large, and moral, and respectable portion of society as can be found, is what every friend of temperance must painfully regret. And the publisher can fail to suffer a complete withdrawal of public patronage only by the forbearance of those whom he wantonly and maliciously slanders. It might be supposed that a mere village paper would be spared our animadversions. So it should, were it not professedly the local organ of a charity in which we all feel deeply interested, and which we would save from disgrace by imprudent friends. This is a rather ably edited paper in the town of Lynn, partly, indeed principally devoted to Temperance. The public will be disgusted at its present course, if continued. On the 5th ult. it departed from its legitimate business to attack one of the most respectable charitable societies in the country, (Odd Fellows,) and after some of its own weak remarks, republished that Ishmaelite Garrison's rhodomontade against the society to which we referred, and partly copied some months since, the arguments used against the Society by Garrison, it will be remembered that it was a secret secret Society, and has chaplains chaplains , and therefore were devilish! But such things are expected of Garrison, the misanthrope, the professed enemy of the Christian Church, who is at war professedly with all the heaven-appointed ordinances of the house of God, such as Christian Baptism, the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, a Gospel Ministry, and the Christian Sabbath, and advocates such fooleries as non-resistance and the abolition of all human government, while he calls on God and man to curse all who doubt his own dogmas, or resist his dictations, or doubt either his ethics or code of morals. Nothing better can be expected of him; but that the editor of a paper devoted to a noble charity, should disgrace itself and forfeit public support, by an unprovoked war on as large, and moral, and respectable portion of society as can be found, is what every friend of temperance must painfully regret. And the publisher can fail to suffer a complete withdrawal of public patronage only by the forbearance of those whom he wantonly and maliciously slanders. It might be supposed that a mere village paper mere village paper would be spared our animadversions. So it should, were it not professedly the local organ of a charity in which we all feel deeply interested, and which we would save from disgrace by imprudent friends. 

 CONGRESS. This body (composed mostly of men-stealers and their abettors) will convene in Washington on Monday next. Should there be no delay in the organization of the two Houses, we shall doubtless receive the President's message in season to lay such portions of it before our readers, in our next paper, as may be worthy of special anti-slavery notice. CONGRESS. This body (composed mostly of men-stealers and their abettors) will convene in Washington on Monday next. Should there be no delay in the organization of the two Houses, we shall doubtless receive the President's message in season to lay such portions of it before our readers, in our next paper, as may be worthy of special anti-slavery notice. 

 Extract from a speech by Henry Clay on the subject of abolition petitions, in the United States Senate, Feb. 7, 1840. Extract from a speech by Henry Clay on the subject of abolition petitions, in the United States Senate, Feb. 7, 1840. 'I know that there is a visionary dogma, which holds that negro slaves cannot be the subjects of property. I shall not dwell long with this speculative abstraction. That is property which the law DECLARES to be property. Two hundred years of legislation have sanctioned and sanctified negro slaves as property. Under all the forms of government which have existed upon this continent during the long space of time, under the British government, under the colonial government, under the same Constitutions and governments, and under the federal government itself, they have been deliberately and solemnly recognized as legitimate subjects of property. To the wild speculations of theorists and innovators stands the fact, that in an uninterrupted period of two hundred years' duration, under every form of human legislation, and by all the departments of human government, African negro slaves have been held and respected, have descended and been transferred as property, in the very British example which is so triumphantly appealed to as worthy of our imitation. Although the West India planters had no voice in the united Parliament of the British isles, an irresistible sense of justice extorted from that legislature the grant of twenty millions of pounds sterling, to compensate the colonists for their loss of property.' 'I know that there is a visionary visionary dogma, which holds that negro slaves cannot be the subjects of property. I shall not dwell long with this speculative abstraction. That is property which the law DECLARES to be property. Two hundred years of legislation have sanctioned and sanctified negro slaves as property. Under all the forms of government which have existed upon this continent during the long space of time, under the British government, under the colonial government, under the same Constitutions and governments, and under the federal government itself, they have been deliberately and solemnly recognized as legitimate subjects of property. To the wild speculations of theorists and innovators stands the fact, that in an uninterrupted period of two hundred years' duration, under every form of human legislation, and by all the departments of human government, African negro slaves have been held and respected, have descended and been transferred as property, in the very British example which is so triumphantly appealed to as worthy of our imitation. Although the West India planters had no voice in the united Parliament of the British isles, an irresistible sense of justice extorted from that legislature the grant of twenty millions of pounds sterling, to compensate the colonists for their loss of property.' 'If I had been a citizen of Pennsylvania when Franklin's plan (of gradual emancipation) was adopted, I should have voted for it; because, by no possibility could the black race ever gain the ascendency in that State. But if I had been there, or were now a citizen of any of the planting States, the southern or south-western States, I should have opposed and would continue to oppose any scheme whatever of emancipation, gradual or immediate; because of the danger of an immediate ascendency of the black race, or of a civil contest, which might terminate in the extinction of one race or the other.' 'If I had been a citizen of Pennsylvania when Franklin's plan (of gradual emancipation) was adopted, I should have voted for it; because, by no possibility could the black race ever gain the ascendency in that State. But if I had been there, or were now a citizen of any of the planting States, the southern or south-western States, I should have opposed and would continue to oppose any scheme whatever of emancipation, gradual or immediate I should have opposed and would continue to oppose any scheme whatever of emancipation, gradual or immediate ; because of the danger of an immediate ascendency of the black race, or of a civil contest, which might terminate in the extinction of one race or the other.' 'Mr. President, it is NOT TRUE, and I REJOICE that it is NOT TRUE, that EITHER of the TWO GREAT PARTIES in this country has ANY DESIGNS or aim at ABOLITION. I should DEEPLY LAMENT it if it were true.' 'Mr. President, it is NOT TRUE, and I REJOICE that it is NOT TRUE, that EITHER of the TWO GREAT PARTIES in this country has ANY DESIGNS or aim at ABOLITION. I should DEEPLY LAMENT it if it were true.' This is the latest from Mr. Clay on this subject, except his reply to Mr. Mendenhall of Ia. last fall, when he presented the request of many thousand citizens of that State, that Mr. Clay would emancipate his slaves. Mr. Clay told him This is the latest from Mr. Clay on this subject, except his reply to Mr. Mendenhall of Ia. last fall, when he presented the request of many thousand citizens of that State, that Mr. Clay would emancipate his slaves. Mr. Clay told him 'TO GO HOME AND MIND HIS OWN BUSINESS.' His slaves were 'FAT AND SLEEK.' 'TO GO HOME AND MIND HIS OWN BUSINESS.' His slaves were 'FAT AND SLEEK.' 

 FROTH. In the Emancipator of this week is a letter from 'Henry Highland Garnet,' addressed to 'Mrs. Maria W. Chapman,' which is overflowing with spume. Why did he not send it to the Liberator, as it professes to be a reply to an article of hers as 'editor pro tem,' of this paper, during our absence? Ridiculous as it is, we should have published it— and perhaps may yet do so, though its author makes no such request. FROTH. In the Emancipator of this week is a letter from 'Henry Highland Garnet,' addressed to 'Mrs. Maria W. Chapman,' which is overflowing with spume. Why did he not send it to the Liberator, as it professes to be a reply to an article of hers as 'editor pro tem pro tem ,' of this paper, during our absence? Ridiculous as it is, we should have published it— and perhaps may yet do so, though its author makes no such request. 

 The Synod of Michigan met at White Pigeon, on the 12th of October. The Synod of Michigan met at White Pigeon, on the 12th of October. Among their doings were the following resolutions on the subject of slavery: Among their doings were the following resolutions on the subject of slavery: Resolved, That the Synod feel bound to reiterate the sentiment heretofore expressed, that slavery, as it exists in the United States and territories, is a very great moral, political and national evil. Resolved, That the Synod feel bound to reiterate the sentiment heretofore expressed, that slavery, as it exists in the United States and territories, is a very great moral, political and national evil. Resolved, That in the opinion of this Synod, there are no evils in existence at the present day in our land against which more prompt and decided [ ] is required by our national and State Legislatures, by all ecclesiastical bodies, by the people generally, than that of slavery. Resolved, That in the opinion of this Synod, there are no evils in existence at the present day in our land against which more prompt and decided [ ] is required by our national and State Legislatures, by all ecclesiastical bodies, by the people generally, than that of slavery. Resolved, That petitions to Congress on the subject of slavery are equally with others entitled to respectful consideration according to the Constitution of the United States: and therefore it is manifestly a violation of the Constitution of the United States to reject them, or to enact any law or rule adapted to repress petitions on this subject. Resolved, That petitions to Congress on the subject of slavery are equally with others entitled to respectful consideration according to the Constitution of the United States: and therefore it is manifestly a violation of the Constitution of the United States to reject them, or to enact any law or rule adapted to repress petitions on this subject. Resolved, That it is the duty of all good citizens to make a speedy and united effort to induce Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and all the territories where it exists. Resolved, That it is the duty of all good citizens to make a speedy and united effort to induce Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and all the territories where it exists. 

 CONTEMPTIBLE BUT CHARACTERISTIC. The editor of the Emancipator has not yet corrected its misstatement, that Francis Jackson was the chairman of the Liberty Party meeting held in Faneuil Hall a few weeks ago. CONTEMPTIBLE BUT CHARACTERISTIC. The editor of the Emancipator has not yet corrected its misstatement, that Francis Jackson was the chairman of the Liberty Party meeting held in Faneuil Hall a few weeks ago. 

 We mentioned, last week, that a mulatto man had been convicted in the court of Frederick county, on the charge of aiding slaves to run away, and sentenced to five years and six months imprisonment in the penitentiary. The Frederick 'Examiner' furnishes the leading facts of the case. It seems there were some ten or twelve runaways whom he is charged with piloting. All but two were arrested near Harrisburg, Pa., and brought back: We mentioned, last week, that a mulatto man had been convicted in the court of Frederick county, on the charge of aiding slaves to run away, and sentenced to five years and six months imprisonment in the penitentiary. The Frederick 'Examiner' furnishes the leading facts of the case. It seems there were some ten or twelve runaways whom he is charged with piloting. All but two were arrested near Harrisburg, Pa., and brought back: 'The runaways who were taken were the witnesses upon whose testimony this man was convicted. They say that at a camp-meeting last summer, he enticed them to run away, in subsequent conferences arranged the time, terms, &c., and in prosecution of the plan agreed upon, they all met near Woodsborough, where each man paid his fee for pilotage, and all started off towards Pennsylvania. The conductor, it is represented, became intoxicated, and when day began to dawn, instead of finding themselves near Gettysburg, as they had supposed was the case, they found, on taking their bearings, that they were somewhere about the latitude and longitude of Emittsburg. Each man then took refuge in a shock of corn during the day, and, on the approach of night, continued on their way. Their guide, who has now been convicted of inveigling them off, lost sight of them. When near Gettysburg, they were overhauled and attacked by a party of pursuers, but being numerically much stronger than those by whom they were attacked, successfully defended themselves, and escaped. They were afterwards overhauled in a barn near Harrisburg, and, after a stout resistance, captured, with the exception of two, and brought home. 'The runaways who were taken were the witnesses upon whose testimony this man was convicted. They say that at a camp-meeting last summer, he enticed them to run away, in subsequent conferences arranged the time, terms, &c., and in prosecution of the plan agreed upon, they all met near Woodsborough, where each man paid his fee for pilotage, and all started off towards Pennsylvania. The conductor, it is represented, became intoxicated intoxicated , and when day began to dawn, instead of finding themselves near Gettysburg, as they had supposed was the case, they found, on taking their bearings, that they were somewhere about the latitude and longitude of Emittsburg. Each man then took refuge in a shock of corn during the day, and, on the approach of night, continued on their way. Their guide, who has now been convicted of inveigling them off, lost sight of them. When near Gettysburg, they were overhauled and attacked by a party of pursuers, but being numerically much stronger than those by whom they were attacked, successfully defended themselves, and escaped. They were afterwards overhauled in a barn near Harrisburg, and, after a stout resistance, captured, with the exception of two, and brought home. 

 'CONCEALED WEAPONS.' Let the reader turn to the short article on our last page, from the Albany Argus, on this subject, and for the words 'No man arms himself,' &c. substitute 'No nation,' &c. and he will have the whole argument of non-resistance in a nut-shell. 'Is Saul also among the prophets?' Is the Argus a 'no-government' paper? 'CONCEALED WEAPONS.' Let the reader turn to the short article on our last page, from the Albany Argus, on this subject, and for the words 'No man man arms himself,' &c. substitute 'No nation nation ,' &c. and he will have the whole argument of non-resistance in a nut-shell. 'Is Saul also among the prophets?' Is the Argus a 'no-government' paper? 

 The following we copy from one of our exchanges. It speaks volumes for the cause of freedom: The following we copy from one of our exchanges. It speaks volumes for the cause of freedom: 'It is surprising how the emancipation of the slaves in the British West Indies has increased the demand for British manufactures in those islands. While England has been losing the market of the United States for her cotton manufactures, and in ten years has only doubled her exports to the other West India islands, she has to her own islands, during the same time, increased the quantity fivefold. This must evidently be the work of emancipation, as no other cause for it can be found. The facts are given in Burns's Manchester Glance, (a work celebrated all over the world for its accuracy in statistics,) as follows, the amount being given in yards of both printed and plain cottons: 'It is surprising how the emancipation of the slaves in the British West Indies has increased the demand for British manufactures in those islands. While England has been losing the market of the United States for her cotton manufactures, and in ten years has only doubled her exports to the other West India islands, she has to her own islands, during the same time, increased the quantity fivefold. This must evidently be the work of emancipation, as no other cause for it can be found. The facts are given in Burns's Manchester Glance, (a work celebrated all over the world for its accuracy in statistics,) as follows, the amount being given in yards of both printed and plain cottons: Table  Table  

 'NOT ON THE BATTLE FIELD.' One of Pierpont's most beautiful and impressive poetical effusions, from the Lady's Book, will be found in our department of poetry. It is worth all the 'patriotic' songs of Campbell, Burns, Scott, Moore and Dibdin. 'NOT ON THE BATTLE FIELD.' One of Pierpont's most beautiful and impressive poetical effusions, from the Lady's Book, will be found in our department of poetry. It is worth all the 'patriotic' songs of Campbell, Burns, Scott, Moore and Dibdin. 

 A letter from the November number of the African Repository, from Governor Roberts, of Liberia, states that Louis Sheridan, one of the colonists, has become a maniac, and will not probably recover. A letter from the November number of the African Repository, from Governor Roberts, of Liberia, states that Louis Sheridan, one of the colonists, has become a maniac, and will not probably recover. The present number of inhabitants in 'Maryland in Liberia,' is 642. The present number of inhabitants in 'Maryland in Liberia,' is 642. 

 O'CONNELL'S ADDRESS. The first edition of this Address having been all sold, a second has been issued, and may be obtained at 25 Cornhill. Price 3 cents single, 25 cents per dozen, $1 per hundred. Send in your orders. O'CONNELL'S ADDRESS. The first edition of this Address having been all sold, a second has been issued, and may be obtained at 25 Cornhill. Price 3 cents single, 25 cents per dozen, $1 per hundred. Send in your orders. 

 We are not apt to be sanguine of success, but the doings of the past week (despite our illness) have led us to believe that the hour of deliverance for the slave is almost at hand; for we have not a doubt, that the only impediment lies in the pro-slavery of the northern churches and political parties— fostered, as it has been, to a very great degree, by the operations of the Colonization Society, which, by assuming as the very BASIS of its abominable scheme of expatriating free native AMERICAN citizens, that the 'prejudice against COLOR' could not, however wicked it might be, (and unholy, it certainly IS, as all and every prejudice against God's doings, and his ALONE, must be,) be removed— has done greater injury to the poor colored American heathen,— those nominally free, as well as the slaves,— than it could atone for in the sight of our righteous Supreme Judge, even by the christianization (righteous Heaven, can such a tree bring good fruit?) of every soul in Africa! We are not apt to be sanguine of success, but the doings of the past week (despite our illness) have led us to believe that the hour of deliverance for the slave is almost at hand; for we have not a doubt, that the only impediment lies in the pro-slavery of the northern churches and political parties— fostered, as it has been, to a very great degree, by the operations of the Colonization Society, which, by assuming as the very BASIS of its abominable scheme of expatriating free native AMERICAN citizens, that the 'prejudice against COLOR' could not, however wicked it might be, (and unholy, it certainly IS, as all and every prejudice prejudice against God's doings, and his ALONE, must be,) be removed— has done greater injury to the poor colored American heathen,— those nominally free, as well as the slaves,— than it could atone for in the sight of our righteous Supreme Judge, even by the christianization (righteous Heaven, can such such a tree bring good good fruit?) of every soul in Africa! Now, we can almost see, peering through the mists of the future, the uprising sun of deliverance for the poor slave. Yet a little while, and it will rise upward to the zenith, dispelling all these mists of prejudice, generated in ignorance, and selfishness, and cruelty, and all unholy impulses of the wicked hearts of wicked men. Now, we can almost see, peering through the mists of the future, the uprising sun of deliverance for the poor slave. Yet a little while, and it will rise upward to the zenith, dispelling all these mists of prejudice, generated in ignorance, and selfishness, and cruelty, and all unholy impulses of the wicked hearts of wicked men. FREDERICK DOUGLASS, the intrepid, the majestic, the eloquent, the high-hearted representative of the slave— himself a slave, by man's law— and LENOX REMOND, perhaps less gifted than his co-laborer, but if even so, surpassed by no white speaker, of equal opportunities, whom we have yet heard— have, we are all well assured, done more than could have been done, in months, by men not of their own color, to remove the prejudice against their race from the minds of the people of Pittsburgh. Their noble, fearless bearing— the argumentative, pathetic, beautiful, eloquent appeals which have been uttered here by these poor men, (poor in condition, indeed, but rich in intellectual gifts,) cannot fail of producing glorious fruits— for though FREDERICK DOUGLASS, the intrepid, the majestic, the eloquent, the high-hearted representative of the slave— himself a slave, by man's man's law— and LENOX REMOND, perhaps less gifted than his co-laborer, but if even so, surpassed by no white speaker, of equal opportunities, whom we have yet heard— have, we are all well assured, done more than could have been done, in months, by men not of their own color, to remove the prejudice against their race from the minds of the people of Pittsburgh. Their noble, fearless bearing— the argumentative, pathetic, beautiful, eloquent appeals which have been uttered here by these poor men, (poor in condition, indeed, but rich in intellectual gifts,) cannot fail of producing glorious fruits— for though 'The poor too often turn away unheard'From hearts that shut against them with a sound'That will be heard in heaven,' 'The poor too often turn away unheard'From hearts that shut against them with a sound'That will be heard in heaven,'   thank God, there are many hearts yet open,— many true Christians and philanthropists among us,— who will not, can not, shut their hearts against the conviction which must be forced upon them, that our God never intended men like these, with minds so capable of great achievements, under almost crushing obstacles,— to be SLAVES. DOUGLASS a SLAVE! Who that heard it, did not feel his heart leap, as he exclaimed, 'No! I am no SLAVE! Your law may manacle my limbs, but it cannot enslave my spirit— GOD made it free! I am God's FREEMAN! Can I be man's slave?' thank God, there are many hearts yet open,— many true Christians and philanthropists among us,— who will not, can not, shut their hearts against the conviction which must be forced upon them, that our God never intended men like these, with minds so capable of great achievements, under almost crushing obstacles,— to be SLAVES. DOUGLASS a SLAVE! Who that heard it, did not feel his heart leap, as he exclaimed, 'No! I am no SLAVE! Your law law may manacle my limbs, but it cannot enslave my spirit spirit — GOD made it free! I am God's FREEMAN! Can I be man's man's slave?' 

 OUR CAUSE IN RHODE-ISLAND. The proceedings of the R.I. Anti-Slavery Society, at its recent annual meeting in Providence, are recorded in another column. Some of the resolutions discussed are worthy of special attention. We have seldom attended so spirited and effective an anniversary. Nearly four hundred dollars were subscribed to carry on the operations of the Society for the ensuing year. Our tireless coadjutor, N.P. Rogers, acquitted himself powerfully on the occasion. OUR CAUSE IN RHODE-ISLAND. The proceedings of the R.I. Anti-Slavery Society, at its recent annual meeting in Providence, are recorded in another column. Some of the resolutions discussed are worthy of special attention. We have seldom attended so spirited and effective an anniversary. Nearly four hundred dollars were subscribed to carry on the operations of the Society for the ensuing year. Our tireless coadjutor, N.P. Rogers, acquitted himself powerfully on the occasion. 

 The Convention of ministers and members of the various religious sects in Connecticut met at Middletown, Ct. on the 18th and 19th ult. in the South Congregational Church, (Rev. Arthur Granger, pastor,) at 10 o'clock, A.M. Rev. Noah Porter, D.D. of Farmington, President. Prayer was offered by the President. Rev. Josiah Brewster, of Hartford, moved that ministers and members of evangelical churches from other States, who may be present, be [ ] sit in the Convention as corresponding members— which was voted. The Convention of ministers and members of the various religious sects in Connecticut met at Middletown, Ct. on the 18th and 19th ult. in the South Congregational Church, (Rev. Arthur Granger, pastor,) at 10 o'clock, A.M. Rev. Noah Porter, D.D. of Farmington, President. Prayer was offered by the President. Rev. Josiah Brewster, of Hartford, moved that ministers and members of evangelical evangelical churches from other States, who may be present, be [ ] sit in the Convention as corresponding members— which was voted. S.M. Booth moved that all persons present friendly to the anti-slavery cause, be invited to sit as corresponding members, and pleaded the precedent adopted by the Farmington Convention as a reason for his offering the motion now. S.M. Booth moved that all persons present friendly to the anti-slavery cause, be invited to sit as corresponding members, and pleaded the precedent adopted by the Farmington Convention as a reason for his offering the motion now. Rev. Mr. Brewer advocated the motion. He knew of those whom he recognized as Christians, who are not members of any organized church, some of whom were present, and he should be happy to have them sit in Convention. Rev. Mr. Brewer advocated the motion. He knew of those whom he recognized as Christians, who are not members of any organized church, some of whom were present, and he should be happy to have them sit in Convention. The motion was opposed by Rev. A. Granger, and others, with much earnestness, and the precedent adopted by the Farmington Convention was laid aside, and the Convention ordered to be composed of ministers and members of churches exclusively, unless a friend should be nominated by some member of the Convention for a corresponding member. (It was whispered about, that this motion was voted down, and the provision made, to exclude certain ones of the Garrison school, who were espied in the house.) The motion was opposed by Rev. A. Granger, and others, with much earnestness, and the precedent adopted by the Farmington Convention was laid aside, and the Convention ordered to be composed of ministers and members of churches exclusively, unless a friend should be nominated by some member of the Convention for a corresponding member. (It was whispered about, that this motion was voted down, and the provision made, to exclude certain ones of the Garrison school, who were espied in the house.) Rev. G.W. Perkins, chairman of the business committee, offered a series of preambles and resolutions for consideration and adoption, which, after a long discussion respecting their phraseology and their tendency, and undergoing various prunings and amendments, and in some cases superseded by substitutes, were adopted; the discussion not entering generally into the merits of the questions embodied in the resolutions, but concerning the results. (The substance of the resolutions, as originally reported, I will give, though not verbatim, as I could not gain access to them, and merely caught their general import— to wit: Rev. G.W. Perkins, chairman of the business committee, offered a series of preambles and resolutions for consideration and adoption, which, after a long discussion respecting their phraseology and their tendency, and undergoing various prunings and amendments, and in some cases superseded by substitutes, were adopted; the discussion not entering generally into the merits of the questions embodied in the resolutions, but concerning the results. (The substance of the resolutions, as originally reported, I will give, though not verbatim, as I could not gain access to them, and merely caught their general import— to wit: 1st Resolution. We are satisfied that the Bible condemns slavery, and feel it our duty to oppose the system, and, if possible, emancipate the slave. 1st Resolution. We are satisfied that the Bible condemns slavery, and feel it our duty to oppose the system, and, if possible, emancipate the slave. 2d Resolution. We consider opposition to slavery a part of christian duty, and anti-slavery sentiments clearly recognized in the gospel; and that our cordial sympathies, prayers, and assistance, are due to the slave. 2d Resolution. We consider opposition to slavery a part of christian duty, and anti-slavery sentiments clearly recognized in the gospel; and that our cordial sympathies, prayers, and assistance, are due to the slave. 3d Resolution. We consider ourselves impelled to anti-slavery efforts, by the same motives and on the same grounds which call for missions to the heathen. 3d Resolution. We consider ourselves impelled to anti-slavery efforts, by the same motives and on the same grounds which call for missions to the heathen. 4th Resolution. We will not receive to our communion or fellowship, such persons as voluntarily hold slaves, or those who defend the system. 4th Resolution. We will not receive to our communion or fellowship, such persons as voluntarily hold slaves, or those who defend the system. 5th Resolution. 1st. We view all laws and Constitutions requiring us to do wrong, by maintaining and enforcing the right of property in man, to be null and void. 2d. That obedience to human governments, when they require a violation of God's law, ought to be resisted. 3d. We will do all we can to obtain a repeal of such laws and Constitutions, and use the elective franchise in such a manner as shall conduce to the welfare of the slave. 5th Resolution. 1st. We view all laws and Constitutions requiring us to do wrong, by maintaining and enforcing the right of property in man, to be null and void. 2d. That obedience to human governments, when they require a violation of God's law, ought to be resisted. 3d. We will do all we can to obtain a repeal of such laws and Constitutions, and use the elective franchise in such a manner as shall conduce to the welfare of the slave. The first resolution was taken up for adoption. Rev. G.W. Perkins, of Meriden, said— There are very many ministers and professors of religion at the South, who defend slavery from the Bible, and also many at the North who dislike slavery, who also claim that the Bible affords an apology for slavery, which constituted the reason for the Committee's offering this resolution. The first resolution was taken up for adoption. Rev. G.W. Perkins, of Meriden, said— There are very many ministers and professors of religion at the South, who defend slavery from the Bible, and also many at the North who dislike slavery, who also claim that the Bible affords an apology for slavery, which constituted the reason for the Committee's offering this resolution. Rev. David Root, from Waterbury, said— The sin of oppression was clearly condemned in the Bible, and God has always frowned upon oppressors. There is no oppression like unto that of American slavery, in enormity. The chattel system is the worst form of oppression. Rev. David Root, from Waterbury, said— The sin of oppression was clearly condemned in the Bible, and God has always frowned upon oppressors. There is no oppression like unto that of American slavery, in enormity. The chattel system is the worst form of oppression. Rev. I. Atwater, of Middlebury— I am pleased with the resolution generally, except the last clause, which declares it to be our duty to oppose the system of slavery, and, if possible, to emancipate the slave. I move that the latter clause be stricken from the resolution. Rev. I. Atwater, of Middlebury— I am pleased with the resolution generally, except the last clause, which declares it to be our duty to oppose the system of slavery, and, if possible, to emancipate the slave. I move that the latter clause be stricken from the resolution. Rev. Josiah Brewer, of Hartford.— I move an amendment,— that the words, 'by christian means,' be inserted, after 'if possible,' so as to read, 'if possible, by christian means, emancipate the slave.' (Amendment and resolution adopted.) Rev. Josiah Brewer, of Hartford.— I move an amendment,— that the words, 'by christian christian means,' be inserted, after 'if possible,' so as to read, 'if possible, by christian means by christian means , emancipate the slave.' (Amendment and resolution adopted.) Resolution 2d. We consider opposition to slavery a part of christian duty, and anti-slavery sentiments are clearly recognized in the gospel, &c. Resolution 2d. We consider opposition to slavery a part of christian duty, and anti-slavery sentiments are clearly recognized in the gospel, &c. Rev. G.W. Perkins, of Meriden.— It often appears to me, that that particular part of the gospel which opposes slavery, is often overlooked— that many appear to think, that the only means to be used for the abolition of slavery, are political. We have a christian duty to perform, I think, independently of politics. The Bible commands us to have pity, and to pray for the poor and oppressed; and if we fully understand the import of God's word, I think we shall be led to adopt a course of conduct, which will result in good to the slave, and to ourselves too. On the contrary, by avoiding the discharge of duty to the slave, we betray a spirit of selfishness. Irrespective of all anti-slavery action, if we can do no good thereby to the slave, it becomes none the less our duty to sympathize and pray for the slaves. Rev. G.W. Perkins, of Meriden.— It often appears to me, that that particular part of the gospel which opposes slavery, is often overlooked— that many appear to think, that the only means to be used for the abolition of slavery, are political. We have a christian duty to perform, I think, independently of politics. The Bible commands us to have pity, and to pray for the poor and oppressed; and if we fully understand the import of God's word, I think we shall be led to adopt a course of conduct, which will result in good to the slave, and to ourselves too. On the contrary, by avoiding the discharge of duty to the slave, we betray a spirit of selfishness. Irrespective of all anti-slavery action, if we can do no good thereby to the slave, it becomes none the less our duty to sympathize and pray for the slaves. Rev. David Root. If any one principle and duty in the christian system is enjoined, more than another, and distinguishes the Christian, it is love, and the exercise of it toward our fellow-men. God is love. Especially is it enjoined upon us to 'remember them in bonds as bound with them'— as if we were suffering under the same calamity. This was what characterized Jesus Christ. Rev. David Root. If any one principle and duty in the christian system is enjoined, more than another, and distinguishes the Christian, it is love, and the exercise of it toward our fellow-men. God is love. Especially is it enjoined upon us to 'remember them in bonds as bound with them'— as if we were suffering under the same calamity. This was what characterized Jesus Christ. Rev. I. Crocker, of Upper Middletown. I wish that the clause, declaring anti-slavery sentiments to be a part of the gospel, might be stricken from the resolution, and make a motion to that effect. Rev. I. Crocker, of Upper Middletown. I wish that the clause, declaring anti-slavery sentiments to be a part of the gospel, might be stricken from the resolution, and make a motion to that effect. Rev. David Root. I have no particular objection to the amendment, if it is insisted upon, though I prefer the resolution as it now reads. Rev. David Root. I have no particular objection to the amendment, if it is insisted upon, though I prefer the resolution as it now reads. Rev. I. Atwater. I hope the amendment will be adopted. I think that clause will be misunderstood by a great many, and considered objectionable. Rev. I. Atwater. I hope the amendment will be adopted. I think that clause will be misunderstood by a great many, and considered objectionable. Amos Townsend, of New-Haven, offered an amendment to the amendment, that opposition to slavery is a part of christian duty, as enforced by the gospel. Amos Townsend, of New-Haven, offered an amendment to the amendment, that opposition to slavery is a part of christian duty, as enforced by the gospel. After much discussion, the resolution was recommitted to the business committee for revisal— which was reported with the portion relating to anti-slavery sentiments being a part of the gospel stricken out; and it was thus adopted. After much discussion, the resolution was recommitted to the business committee for revisal— which was reported with the portion relating to anti-slavery sentiments being a part of the gospel stricken out; and it was thus adopted. Resolution 3d. 'We consider ourselves impelled to anti-slavery efforts,' &c. was introduced for adoption. Resolution 3d. 'We consider ourselves impelled to anti-slavery efforts,' &c. was introduced for adoption. Rev. M. Richards, from Plymouth, opposed the preamble to the resolution, which affirmed that there exists among the slaves of the southern States a great and almost entire destitution of the scriptures, and a very general inability to read them; and offered an amendment, to wit: after the word slaves, insert, 'in many parts.' The preamble, as it now reads, is liable to contradiction; for in some portion of the slave States, the slaves are taught to read the Bible. Rev. M. Richards, from Plymouth, opposed the preamble to the resolution, which affirmed that there exists among the slaves of the southern States a great and almost entire destitution of the scriptures, and a very general inability to read them; and offered an amendment, to wit: after the word slaves, insert, ' in many parts. in many parts. ' The preamble, as it now reads, is liable to contradiction; for in some portion of the slave States, the slaves are taught to read the Bible. Rev. James Birney, from Hamden. No missionary, whose business it was to circulate the Bible indiscriminately among . . . the slaves to read it, would be countenanced at the . . . consideration should, therefore, be given to such a contradiction. We have numerous instances on record, where ministers at the South had been persecuted and driven away, for having even adverted to the subject of slavery in their religious performances, or to the prejudice which exists towards the black population. Rev. James Birney, from Hamden. No missionary, whose business it was to circulate the Bible indiscriminately among . . . the slaves to read it, would be countenanced at the . . . consideration should, therefore, be given to such a contradiction. We have numerous instances on record, where ministers at the South had been persecuted and driven away, for having even adverted to the subject of slavery in their religious performances, or to the prejudice which exists towards the black population. Rev. Mr. Jennings remarked, that any attempt to circulate the Bible indiscriminately among the people in the slaveholding States, would subject the distributor to greater persecution than such an effort would in any heathen country. If any one discredits this assertion, let him try it. He would soon find himself arrested, imprisoned, and subject to lynch law, for an attempt even to circulate the Bible among the slaves in these United States. In some of the slaveholding States, the penalty is death for such an act. Is there any heathen nation, that would thus treat a missionary? I know of none. I am aware that, in some of the States, certain private individuals, in despite of the laws— such as females— will occasionally teach the slaves in the families to read. Even in such cases, it has to be done in the most private manner. But let a missionary, or any public agent, attempt thus to do, and he would be lynched. All eyes would be upon him to watch his movements, and he would be arrested in the very first attempt. Rev. Mr. Jennings remarked, that any attempt to circulate the Bible indiscriminately among the people in the slaveholding States, would subject the distributor to greater persecution than such an effort would in any heathen country. If any one discredits this assertion, let him try it. He would soon find himself arrested, imprisoned, and subject to lynch law, for an attempt even to circulate the Bible among the slaves in these United States. In some of the slaveholding States, the penalty is death for such an act. Is there any heathen nation, that would thus treat a missionary? I know of none. I am aware that, in some of the States, certain private individuals, in despite of the laws— such as females— will occasionally teach the slaves in the families to read. Even in such cases, it has to be done in the most private manner. But let a missionary, or any public agent, attempt thus to do, and he would be lynched. All eyes would be upon him to watch his movements, and he would be arrested in the very first attempt. Rev. M. Richards. I think certain slaveholding districts would furnish an exception— that, in them, no persecution would follow the distribution of the Bible among the slaves. Rev. M. Richards. I think certain slaveholding districts would furnish an exception— that, in them, no persecution would follow the distribution of the Bible among the slaves. Rev. Mr. Crocker. I doubt the truthfulness of the preamble. We have no authority for thus affirming. Neither do we know that the comparison would prove true, that a missionary, to labor among the people at the South indiscriminately, would be more subject to persecution than among any heathen people. Such an affirmation will have a tendency to lead the public to think we acted inconsiderately and ignorantly respecting the facts in the case. I move that the comparison be stricken out. Rev. Mr. Crocker. I doubt the truthfulness of the preamble. We have no authority for thus affirming. Neither do we know that the comparison would prove true, that a missionary, to labor among the people at the South indiscriminately, would be more subject to persecution than among any heathen people. Such an affirmation will have a tendency to lead the public to think we acted inconsiderately and ignorantly respecting the facts in the case. I move that the comparison be stricken out. Rev. G.W. Perkins. This subject was one of very great moment; and though some entertained doubts respecting the general suffering of the slaves, and the nature of the system, and that the existence of it depended upon the ignorance of its victims, yet he had not a doubt that persecution and death would surely be the result of any effort, on the part of any one, to indiscriminately circulate the Bible among the southern people. The persecution would surpass that of any heathen country. A very intelligent lady from Savannah, recently told him, that if any abolitionist came into that country, he would surely be hung, and she should delight in witnessing the scene. On no southern plantation could the word of God be circulated. General assertions always admit of individual exceptions, and there might be such exceptions in this case. The laws of China and Madagascar may forbid the circulation of the Bible in those countries; but no more so than southern laws. And the man who goes to the South to do the work of God, would have to submit to a more bloody persecution than in any heathen country. Rev. G.W. Perkins. This subject was one of very great moment; and though some entertained doubts respecting the general suffering of the slaves, and the nature of the system, and that the existence of it depended upon the ignorance of its victims, yet he had not a doubt that persecution and death would surely be the result of any effort, on the part of any one, to indiscriminately circulate the Bible among the southern people. The persecution would surpass that of any heathen country. A very intelligent lady from Savannah, recently told him, that if any abolitionist came into that country, he would surely be hung, and she should delight in witnessing the scene. On no southern plantation could the word of God be circulated. General assertions always admit of individual exceptions, and there might be such exceptions in this case. The laws of China and Madagascar may forbid the circulation of the Bible in those countries; but no more so than southern laws. And the man who goes to the South to do the work of God, would have to submit to a more bloody persecution than in any heathen country. Rev. Mr. Jennings, from Deep River. No mission board, of any denomination, would deem it expedient to send missionaries to any country, where they would labor under the disadvantages, and be liable to the persecutions, which they would be subject to at the South, even if confined in their labors to oral instruction. I will move a recommitment of the preamble, that it may be corrected and presented in a less offensive form. The motion prevailed. Rev. Mr. Jennings, from Deep River. No mission board, of any denomination, would deem it expedient to send missionaries to any country, where they would labor under the disadvantages, and be liable to the persecutions, which they would be subject to at the South, even if confined in their labors to oral instruction. I will move a recommitment of the preamble, that it may be corrected and presented in a less offensive form. The motion prevailed. Sermon by Rev. Jairus Burt, from Canton. Text, Thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighbor, and not suffer sin upon him.' Lev. xix. 17. Sermon by Rev. Jairus Burt, from Canton. Text, Thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighbor, and not suffer sin upon him.' Lev. xix. 17. The moral precept of the Bible is a unit, and the spirit of the Bible is a unit, whether pertaining to the Old or New Testament; and is founded in innocency, and in principles of right; and it constitutes that power from which flow great moral results, and the best good of man. The text is a great moral precept; and is as obligatory on man to observe and do, as any that are contained in the New Testament. We have the same gospel in Leviticus as is in Luke. The text is equivalent to a call from God to co me out from the apocalyptic Babylon. Faithful rebuke is the legitimate result of love to man. The object is, to convince him of his error. His duty is as universal as is the sinfulness of mankind, and is peculiarly applicable to the sin of slaveholding. The inherent sinfulness of the slave system may be known by a reference to the slaveholding laws. Surely, what is left of the man, subject to such a system? Slavery is the holding of man as a chattel. In every instance, slaveholding is a voluntary act. There can be no involuntary slaveholding. 'Where there is a will, there is a way,' is an old proverb. The system of slaveholding should be exposed, and its supporters faithfully rebuked. To do this is a high christian duty for us to discharge. The eternal interests of slaveholders, which I present to you this day, demand this of you. This law of christian rebuke requires us to rebuke slaveholders. It is a christian law. The responsibility and prospects of slaveholders we should consider. They compel 2,600,000 human beings to live and labor for their benefit. 250,000 slaveholders and their abettors sustain such a system of unparalleled legalized wrong. Their wretched victims are looking for freedom, as for the light of the morning. What a tremendous responsibility! Prayer for the emancipation of the slave cannot be heard, neither entertained, by the power which sustains slave-holding, which power constitutes the centralization of slavery. Slaveholding is sustained by positive enactments, perfectly arbitrary. Take away these laws, and what becomes of the system? The moral precept of the Bible is a unit, and the spirit of the Bible is a unit, whether pertaining to the Old or New Testament; and is founded in innocency, and in principles of right; and it constitutes that power from which flow great moral results, and the best good of man. The text is a great moral precept; and is as obligatory on man to observe and do, as any that are contained in the New Testament. We have the same gospel in Leviticus as is in Luke. The text is equivalent to a call from God to co me out from the apocalyptic Babylon. Faithful rebuke is the legitimate result of love to man. The object is, to convince him of his error. His duty is as universal as is the sinfulness of mankind, and is peculiarly applicable to the sin of slaveholding. The inherent sinfulness of the slave system may be known by a reference to the slaveholding laws. Surely, what is left of the man, subject to such a system? Slavery is the holding of man as a chattel. In every instance, slaveholding is a voluntary act. There can be no involuntary slaveholding. 'Where there is a will, there is a way,' is an old proverb. The system of slaveholding should be exposed, and its supporters faithfully rebuked. To do this is a high christian duty for us to discharge. The eternal interests of slaveholders, which I present to you this day, demand this of you. This law of christian rebuke requires us to rebuke slaveholders. It is a christian law. The responsibility and prospects of slaveholders we should consider. They compel 2,600,000 human beings to live and labor for their benefit. 250,000 slaveholders and their abettors sustain such a system of unparalleled legalized wrong. Their wretched victims are looking for freedom, as for the light of the morning. What a tremendous responsibility! Prayer for the emancipation of the slave cannot be heard, neither entertained, by the power which sustains slave-holding, which power constitutes the centralization of slavery. Slaveholding is sustained by positive enactments, perfectly arbitrary. Take away these laws, and what becomes of the system? The sum of all these laws is to keep the slave from becoming a man— a sentient, willing and thinking agent. The first and leading design of the law is to crush the man in every thing, right or wrong; and this is the result of the system. It must be so, whether right or wrong. The slave must yield implicit obedience to the master in every thing. His knowledge is graduated by his possessor. Though the soul that is without knowledge is not good, yet it will not serve the system to have him elevated to the rank of a sentient being. It is penal to teach slaves to read. To give a tract to a slave in Louisiana, teaching him the command of God, 'Thou shalt have no other gods before me,' would be deemed an act worthy of death. Do you disbelieve it? Try it, and sad experience will teach you that it is verily so. The slave must be kept in the state of a thing, or he will stand up, and in the strength of his God defend his rights. The sum of all these laws is to keep the slave from becoming a man— a sentient, willing and thinking agent. The first and leading design of the law is to crush the man in every thing, right or wrong; and this is the result of the system. It must be so, whether right or wrong. The slave must yield implicit obedience to the master in every thing. His knowledge is graduated by his possessor. Though the soul that is without knowledge is not good, yet it will not serve the system to have him elevated to the rank of a sentient being. It is penal to teach slaves to read. To give a tract to a slave in Louisiana, teaching him the command of God, 'Thou shalt have no other gods before me,' would be deemed an act worthy of death. Do you disbelieve it? Try it, and sad experience will teach you that it is verily so. The slave must must be kept in the state of a thing, or he will stand up, and in the strength of his God defend his rights. We behold many groups of persons encircling this system. And, first, the property holders. Real estate in Maryland has diminished in four years sixty-five millions of dollars. This was asserted by a member of Congress in a planters' meeting. Why is this? With all their advantages, the system is continually . . . This is witnessed in their soil implements, and accumulation of debts. It is seen in the perils of the slaveholder— in their pistols, rifles, bowie-knives, manacles, fetters, and prisons. This is seen in their general state of society, morals. &c. Why have we not the same state of society here at the North? Because we have no slaves. The depression of morals, then, is appalling. The system is at war with all that is lovely and blessed in life. There their religion is controlled by a system which is full of cruelty, and which creates its like— heathenism. We behold many groups of persons encircling this system. And, first, the property holders. Real estate in Maryland has diminished in four years sixty-five millions of dollars. This was asserted by a member of Congress in a planters' meeting. Why is this? With all their advantages, the system is continually . . . This is witnessed in their soil implements, and accumulation of debts. It is seen in the perils of the slaveholder— in their pistols, rifles, bowie-knives, manacles, fetters, and prisons. This is seen in their general state of society, morals. &c. Why have we not the same state of society here at the North? Because we have no slaves. The depression of morals, then, is appalling. The system is at war with all that is lovely and blessed in life. There their religion is controlled by a system which is full of cruelty, and which creates its like— heathenism. Again: look at the traffickers in slaves, who cluster around the system, with fetters, prisons, legislators, and obsequious politicians, all encircling the central power. The act of legislation is a moral one, right or wrong; and this central power controls the slaveholding States. If it is not so, why is free discussion so peremptorily and resolutely forbidden? Why does it control the nation socially, politically, and religiously? Why are the prayers of thousands and hundreds of thousands denied a hearing in behalf of humanity? A great company of oppressed hearts in sympathy gather around the enslaved circle, shedding rivers of tears, and crying to God. They have no ephemeral impression of the wrongs of slavery. Others are crying, 'Let us alone,' and these constitute another circle. Numerous others in anguish are saying, 'Brethren, do not so unkindly— let the oppressed go free.' Again: look at the traffickers in slaves, who cluster around the system, with fetters, prisons, legislators, and obsequious politicians, all encircling the central power. The act of legislation is a moral one, right or wrong; and this central power controls the slaveholding States. If it is not so, why is free discussion so peremptorily and resolutely forbidden? Why does it control the nation socially, politically, and religiously? Why are the prayers of thousands and hundreds of thousands denied a hearing in behalf of humanity? A great company of oppressed hearts in sympathy gather around the enslaved circle, shedding rivers of tears, and crying to God. They have no ephemeral impression of the wrongs of slavery. Others are crying, 'Let us alone,' and these constitute another circle. Numerous others in anguish are saying, 'Brethren, do not so unkindly— let the oppressed go free.' Then comes the bleeding, mourning church, which constitutes the outer circle. She asks to be heard. She lifts up her voice, and cries aloud, 'Come out, come out of her, my people.' Then follow the deep tones of southern rebuke, saying to her, 'Keep silence, or the church will be rent in twain.' Then comes the bleeding, mourning church, which constitutes the outer circle. She asks to be heard. She lifts up her voice, and cries aloud, 'Come out, come out of her, my people.' Then follow the deep tones of southern rebuke, saying to her, 'Keep silence, or the church will be rent in twain.' The church must speak on this subject in a manner that will show her to be in a true position. And when she does speak, her voice will be heard. She cannot long behold this crying sin in our land, and withhold her faithful rebuke, and continue to be the church of God. She has got to bear a faithful testimony against the system of slaveholding, or God will cast her off, and raise up children from the stones unto Abraham. She constitutes the outline of concentric circles, interests and relations which surround this wicked system. The church must speak on this subject in a manner that will show her to be in a true position. And when she does speak, her voice will be heard. She cannot long behold this crying sin in our land, and withhold her faithful rebuke, and continue to be the church of God. She has got to bear a faithful testimony against the system of slaveholding, or God will cast her off, and raise up children from the stones unto Abraham. She constitutes the outline of concentric circles, interests and relations which surround this wicked system. We should contemplate the future prospects of the slaveholders, with all their mighty interests which encircle them, and the tremendous responsibility resting upon them. They are moving onward to their final destiny, to meet their God and receive their final sentence. And shall we let them continue on in their wickedness unrebuked? Can the church of God still continue to hold her peace? The command is, 'Thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy brother, and not suffer sin upon him.' We should contemplate the future prospects of the slaveholders, with all their mighty interests which encircle them, and the tremendous responsibility resting upon them. They are moving onward to their final destiny, to meet their God and receive their final sentence. And shall we let them continue on in their wickedness unrebuked? Can the church of God still continue to hold her peace? The command is, 'Thou shalt in any wise rebuke thy brother, and not suffer sin upon him.' How shall this rebuke be administered? In the best way to secure the end in view. When administered kindly, there is the most hope of success, other things being equal. Hard names have a tendency to repel the delinquent. It should be administered kindly, intelligently and faithfully. We, in order to be able to perform this duty intelligibly, should know whereof we affirm. We must know what slavery is; otherwise, we shall be but poorly prepared to answer their objections and cavillings. This knowledge of the character of the system of slavery is to be obtained by reading and investigating the subject. Light and knowledge are needed. And is there not a profusion of it at hand, already for us? The rebuke is to be administered explicitly, and the hardest epithet that can be heaped upon them is to call them SLAVEHOLDERS! The rebuke is to be administered perseveringly— giving them 'line upon line, and precept upon precept.' Christian discretion is to be exercised as to the proper time and manner of administering the rebuke. Brethren, a great moral duty devolves upon us respecting this great and crying sin. We see the evil, and have the remedy to administer, 'Cry aloud and spare not,' unitedly. The whole church of God unitedly should lift up her voice. Has she done it? No! Shew us wherein we have been in an error, in what we have already done, and we will retract. Facts do speak and testify against the delinquencies of the church. Is not the church ready to bear her faithful testimony? We rejoice in this Convention, and from it anticipate great good. The time has passed when a church, and especially a christian minister, can any longer remain silent respecting this subject innocently. The world is waking up, and gazing at the system of American slavery with astonishment, and its fiery ordeal the system cannot long withstand. The testimony of the church would now tell effectually on the system of slavery, and decide its fate. Let her influence unitedly tell in the right way. Let her members no longer cripple and neutralize each other's influence. The struggle is now a hard one. It must, from the nature of the combatants, be so. Liberty and Slavery are antagonists. They have approached each other and grappled, and the consequence is, the nation and church are convulsed thereby. The call now is for aid. Will you help in this great struggle for liberty and right? There is no neutrality in this warfare. This Convention (and I speak advisedly) is known throughout the land, and its influence will be felt in every no[ ]k and corner of it, for the slave, or against him. How shall this rebuke be administered? In the best way to secure the end in view. When administered kindly, there is the most hope of success, other things being equal. Hard names have a tendency to repel the delinquent. It should be administered kindly, intelligently and faithfully. We, in order to be able to perform this duty intelligibly, should know whereof we affirm. We must know what slavery is; otherwise, we shall be but poorly prepared to answer their objections and cavillings. This knowledge of the character of the system of slavery is to be obtained by reading and investigating the subject. Light and knowledge are needed. And is there not a profusion of it at hand, already for us? The rebuke is to be administered explicitly, and the hardest epithet that can be heaped upon them is to call them SLAVEHOLDERS! The rebuke is to be administered perseveringly— giving them 'line upon line, and precept upon precept.' Christian discretion is to be exercised as to the proper time and manner of administering the rebuke. Brethren, a great moral duty devolves upon us respecting this great and crying sin. We see the evil, and have the remedy to administer, 'Cry aloud and spare not,' unitedly. The whole church of God unitedly should lift up her voice. Has she done it? No! Shew us wherein we have been in an error, in what we have already done, and we will retract. Facts do speak and testify against the delinquencies of the church. Is not the church ready to bear her faithful testimony? We rejoice in this Convention, and from it anticipate great good. The time has passed when a church, and especially a christian minister, can any longer remain silent respecting this subject innocently. The world is waking up, and gazing at the system of American slavery with astonishment, and its fiery ordeal the system cannot long withstand. The testimony of the church would now tell effectually on the system of slavery, and decide its fate. Let her influence unitedly tell in the right way. Let her members no longer cripple and neutralize each other's influence. The struggle is now a hard one. It must, from the nature of the combatants, be so. Liberty and Slavery are antagonists. They have approached each other and grappled, and the consequence is, the nation and church are convulsed thereby. The call now is for aid. Will you help in this great struggle for liberty and right? There is no neutrality in this warfare. This Convention (and I speak advisedly) is known throughout the land, and its influence will be felt in every no[ ]k and corner of it, for the slave, or against him. This day has been looked to with intense interest by those who hold their fellow-men in chains. Then let the church so act, that it may be said of her, 'She hath done what she can.' The cries of the enthralled comes up to us for our sympathy, and in one unbroken voice they ask us to do all that we can, in the spirit of our religion, to hasten the end of their days of wrong and outrage. If you feel as I do, you will confess your past remissness, and with feelings of sorrow for the past, now resolve to do all you can to let the oppressed go free. This day has been looked to with intense interest by those who hold their fellow-men in chains. Then let the church so act, that it may be said of her, 'She hath done what she can.' The cries of the enthralled comes up to us for our sympathy, and in one unbroken voice they ask us to do all that we can, in the spirit of our religion, to hasten the end of their days of wrong and outrage. If you feel as I do, you will confess your past remissness, and with feelings of sorrow for the past, now resolve to do all you can to let the oppressed go free. The President, Rev. Noah Porter, D.D. communicated to the Convention a letter from Gov. William W. Ellsworth, addressed to John T. Norton, which was commended to the Convention. This letter was a vile production, and exhibited the unprincipled and pro-slavery heart of the writer. It is to be published in the Christian Freeman, and will, as the effusions of the heart of a Deacon and Superintendent of the Sabbath School in Rev. Joel Hawes' church, exhibit well northern pro-slaveryism in Church and State, under the head of 'Refuge of Oppression.' The President, Rev. Noah Porter, D.D. communicated to the Convention a letter from Gov. William W. Ellsworth, addressed to John T. Norton, which was commended to the Convention. This letter was a vile production, and exhibited the unprincipled and pro-slavery heart of the writer. It is to be published in the Christian Freeman, and will, as the effusions of the heart of a Deacon and Superintendent of the Sabbath School in Rev. Joel Hawes' church, exhibit well northern pro-slaveryism in Church and State, under the head of 'Refuge of Oppression.' Discussion of the 3d resolution resumed. Discussion of the 3d resolution resumed. Rev. G.W. Perkins. To shew the character of the religious teachings at the South, I will relate an interview I had recently with a fugitive slave. He called on me, but manifested a very great anxiety to be on his way to Canada, and was very shy of me. Thinking I might obtain his confidence thereby, I told him that I was a minister, and he need not be afraid of me. At this declaration, he appeared still more shy, and appeared to distrust me the more. He said they had a plenty of ministers at the South, and they always preached from one text— 'Servants, be obedient unto your masters.' And this without doubt is a true statement of the nature of the religious teachings to the slaves at the South. Rev. G.W. Perkins. To shew the character of the religious teachings at the South, I will relate an interview I had recently with a fugitive slave. He called on me, but manifested a very great anxiety to be on his way to Canada, and was very shy of me. Thinking I might obtain his confidence thereby, I told him that I was a minister, and he need not be afraid of me. At this declaration, he appeared still more shy, and appeared to distrust me the more. He said they had a plenty of ministers at the South, and they always preached from one text— 'Servants, be obedient unto your masters.' And this without doubt is a true statement of the nature of the religious teachings to the slaves at the South. The Chairman. Why should an effort be made to place the Bible into the hands of the slaves, when they cannot read them, and when their introduction would be met with so much determined opposition from the slaveholders? The Chairman. The Chairman. Why should an effort be made to place the Bible into the hands of the slaves, when they cannot read them, and when their introduction would be met with so much determined opposition from the slaveholders? Rev. L. Crocker. I dislike the term anti-slavery, as it is made to signify most every thing, and will offer as a substitute the term emancipate. Rev. L. Crocker. I dislike the term anti-slavery, as it is made to signify most every thing, and will offer as a substitute the term emancipate. emancipate. Levi Yale. I am surprised to witness the affright manifested by some of the members of the Convention at the word anti-slavery. I think the term very significant, and hope the substitute will not be adopted. Levi Yale. I am surprised to witness the affright manifested by some of the members of the Convention at the word anti-slavery. I think the term very significant, and hope the substitute will not be adopted. Rev. J Brewer, the great pacificator, seconded the amendment. I wish to do all I can, without compromising principle, to pacify those who exhibit so much skittishness about terms. Rev. J Brewer, the great pacificator pacificator , seconded the amendment. I wish to do all I can, without compromising principle, to pacify those who exhibit so much skittishness about terms. Rev. L. Crocker. I am not afraid to receive that term and work under the . . . I know the term to be a bug-bear with very many well-disposed men. I think the amendment more impressive. Rev. L. Crocker. I am not afraid to receive that term and work under the . . . I know the term to be a bug-bear with very many well-disposed men. I think the amendment more impressive. W.H. Burleigh. I like the term anti-slavery, on account of its peculiar signification. I shall be opposed to the amendment. W.H. Burleigh. I like the term anti-slavery, on account of its peculiar signification. I shall be opposed to the amendment. Rev. L. Crocker. We had a specimen of anti slavery efforts a few weeks ago in Hartford, in the shape of a female lecturing in the streets; and thus we see how the term is appropriated. Rev. L. Crocker. We had a specimen of anti slavery efforts a few weeks ago in Hartford, in the shape of a female lecturing in the streets; and thus we see how the term is appropriated. Rev. Erastus Colton, from Hartford. I hope we shall all act harmonious, and, to prevent any discord arising, I will propose, that the word judicious be inserted before the word anti-slavery— thereby obviating the necessity of endorsing 'woman's rights,' and their lecturing in the streets. Rev. Erastus Colton, from Hartford. I hope we shall all act harmonious, and, to prevent any discord arising, I will propose, that the word judicious judicious be inserted before the word anti-slavery— thereby obviating the necessity of endorsing 'woman's rights,' and their lecturing in the streets. Prof. J. Burt. The term anti-slavery I consider a very appropriate one, and one which every body readily understands to mean opposition to slavery. Prof. J. Burt. The term anti-slavery I consider a very appropriate one, and one which every body readily understands to mean opposition to slavery. S.M. Booth. There are other resolutions, which will explain what we mean by the phrase anti-slavery efforts. The word judicious would explain nothing. Those who sanction women's lecturing, believe it judicious for woman to lecture; and those who do not sanction that practice, believe it to be injudicious. S.M. Booth. There are other resolutions, which will explain what we mean by the phrase anti-slavery efforts. The word judicious judicious would explain nothing. Those who sanction women's lecturing, believe it judicious for woman to lecture; and those who do not sanction that practice, believe it to be injudicious. The resolution was amended by inserting the word judicious, and adopted. The resolution was amended by inserting the word judicious judicious , and adopted. 4th Resolution. 'Will not commune, nor hold christian fellowship with those who voluntarily hold slaves, or those who defend the system,' &c. 4th Resolution. 'Will not commune, nor hold christian fellowship with those who voluntarily hold slaves, or those who defend the system,' &c. The President proposed to strike out the word 'voluntarily'— for I do not believe that any are involuntary slaveholders. Still, I believe that there are Christians among slaveholders, and such he would be unwilling to exclude from Christian communion and fellowship. 'What is good enough for Christ, is good enough for me.' The President The President proposed to strike out the word 'voluntarily'— for I do not believe that any are involuntary slaveholders. Still, I believe that there are Christians among slaveholders Christians among slaveholders , and such he would be unwilling to exclude from Christian communion and fellowship. 'What is good enough for Christ, is good enough for me.' Rev. G.W. Perkins accepted the amendment. I wish to do all I can to unite the Convention, and to promote harmonious action. Rev. G.W. Perkins accepted the amendment. I wish to do all I can to unite the Convention, and to promote harmonious action. harmonious action. Rev. David Root. I, too, sincerely desire harmony. I think the sentiment, when applied to slaveholders, 'What is good enough for Christ, is good enough for me,' is a very fallacious one, and leads to a fundamental error. Furthermore, we do not act on this principle. Many whom we believe to be Christians, we not admit to communion. All unbaptized persons, who give good evidence of being Christians, we exclude from communion and Christian fellowship. Rev. David Root. I, too, sincerely desire harmony. I think the sentiment, when applied to slaveholders, 'What is good enough for Christ, is good enough for me,' is a very fallacious one, and leads to a fundamental error. Furthermore, we do not act on this principle. Many whom we believe to be Christians, we not admit to communion. All unbaptized persons, who give good evidence of being Christians, we exclude from communion and Christian fellowship. There are six thousand northern churches, that have taken action to exclude slaveholders from their pulpits and communion. Shall we exclude any one who is guilty of crime, or of any overt act? and is not slavery a sin, a crime? Do you say not in all cases? Then I will prove that lying is not in all cases a sin. Some of our brethren threaten that they will withdraw, if we take this ground. If we do not take some action on the subject, of what utility will this Convention be? I believe the time has arrived when we should take decided action on this subject, and push it as fast as the public mind will bear it; to exclude slaveholders from Christian communion. I believe the sentiment in the resolution to be true ground. There are six thousand northern churches, that have taken action to exclude slaveholders from their pulpits and communion. Shall we exclude any one who is guilty of crime, or of any overt act? and is not slavery a sin, a crime? Do you say not in all cases? Then I will prove that lying is not in all cases a sin. Some of our brethren threaten that they will withdraw, if we take this ground. If we do not take some action on the subject, of what utility will this Convention be? I believe the time has arrived when we should take decided action on this subject, and push it as fast as the public mind will bear it the public mind will bear it ; to exclude slaveholders from Christian communion. I believe the sentiment in the resolution to be true ground. Rev. L. Crocker. We ought to keep in mind the grand design of this Convention. It is not to adopt resolutions, but to get light respecting the sin of slavery, and to unite on some outward rules of conscience. The consciences of men are much at variance on the subject now. We were told, last evening, that President Edwards adopted the sentiment of the resolution. This was a mistake. The elder President Edwards defended slaveholding. The younger President Edwards wrote against it. This showed what progress the cause made from father to son. We should learn from this to be patient and prudent, and go on to discuss the principles, and act them out as fast as public opinion will permit. Slaveholders have been permitted to preach in pulpits in this city. One who owns one slave has preached in my pulpit acceptably. The resolution, I think, will be liable to be misunderstood, and an unfavorable impression, made upon the public mind, if persisted in by those ultra measures of the Convention. I hope it will be withdrawn. Rev. L. Crocker. We ought to keep in mind the grand design of this Convention. It is not to adopt resolutions, but to get light respecting the sin of slavery, and to unite on some outward rules of conscience. The consciences of men are much at variance on the subject now. We were told, last evening, that President Edwards adopted the sentiment of the resolution. This was a mistake. The elder President Edwards defended slaveholding. The younger President Edwards wrote against it. This showed what progress the cause made from father to son. We should learn from this to be patient and prudent, and go on to discuss the principles, and act them out as fast as public opinion will permit. public opinion will permit. Slaveholders have been permitted to preach in pulpits in this city. One who owns one slave has preached in my pulpit acceptably. One who owns one slave has preached in my pulpit acceptably. The resolution, I think, will be liable to be misunderstood, and an unfavorable impression, made upon the public mind, if persisted in by those ultra measures of the Convention. I hope it will be withdrawn. There is a misapprehension in the minds of some, respecting the origin of these Conventions. They originated in an overture from Hartford North Association to New-Haven West. Public conscience is not yet established on this question, and we ought not to attempt to bind conscience by the adoption of any such rules. Churches and ecclesiastical bodies must settle rules of duty for themselves. Let us not put forth any such resolutions: they will do hurt. There is a misapprehension in the minds of some, respecting the origin of these Conventions. They originated in an overture from Hartford North Association to New-Haven West. Public conscience Public conscience is not yet established on this question, and we ought not to attempt to bind conscience by the adoption of any such rules. Churches and ecclesiastical bodies must settle rules of duty for themselves. Let us not put forth any such resolutions: they will do hurt. they will do hurt. William H. Burleigh. I think unanimity in opinion to be very desirable, but it should never be sought for at the expense of principle. We should never sacrifice any moral principle for the purpose of obtaining an union of action. We had much better be with the minority in the truth, than with the majority in error. In attacking a sin, we have to contemplate a sinner; and in our attack upon slavery, we have to consider the slaveholders. We have been asked to let our attacks be made against slavery in the abstract, and to let the character of the slaveholders alone. Sir, we can't very well tear down a fort while it is defended by armed men. We have first to rout the men, and spike their cannon. If there is a sinner, why not speak of him as such, plainly and in all kindness? I supposed that this Convention assembled to do something; but I find one objecting to this course, another to that, as not contemplated in the call. Something like Ex-Governor Ellsworth, who is opposed to anti-slavery principles being carried out either in religion or politics. I hold the call in my hand, which invites us to adopt a system of measures— and this resolution is one measure, and an [ ]appropriate one. William H. Burleigh. I think unanimity in opinion to be very desirable, but it should never be sought for at the expense of principle. We should never sacrifice any moral principle for the purpose of obtaining an union of action. We had much better be with the minority in the truth, than with the majority in error. In attacking a sin, we have to contemplate a sinner; and in our attack upon slavery, we have to consider the slaveholders. We have been asked to let our attacks be made against slavery in the abstract, and to let the character of the slaveholders alone. Sir, we can't very well tear down a fort while it is defended by armed men. We have first to rout the men, and spike their cannon. If there is a sinner, why not speak of him as such, plainly and in all kindness? I supposed that this Convention assembled to do something; but I find one objecting to this course, another to that, as not contemplated in the call. Something like Ex-Governor Ellsworth, who is opposed to anti-slavery principles being carried out either in religion or politics. I hold the call in my hand, which invites us to adopt a system of measures— and this resolution is one measure, and an [ ]appropriate one. There can be no more positive support given to slavery than to stand connected with it in any organization. There is no such thing as an involuntary slaveholder. If the law declared me to be a slaveholder, that law could not make me one. No government can make a man a slaveholder without his consent. I would urge the passage of the resolution as a duty to the slaveholder. As long as we extend the hand of communion to him, we sanction and sustain slavery. I almost consider it impious to associate Christianity with slaveholding. Shall we make their darkness or light our rule of action? We ought rather to walk after the light we have. Shall we, when we see persons doing that which we know to be in violation of God's law, set to them the seal of our approbation? This we do, if we fellowship them as Christians. We are performing our Christian duty when we exclude slaveholders from our communion. We thereby put in operation a train of influences to lead them to reflect on the nature of their sin, and to repent. On the contrary, so long as we fellowship them as Christians, we confirm them in their sins. There can be no more positive support given to slavery than to stand connected with it in any organization. in any organization. There is no such thing as an involuntary slaveholder. If the law declared me to be a slaveholder, that law could not make me one. No government can make a man a slaveholder without his consent. I would urge the passage of the resolution as a duty to the slaveholder. As long as we extend the hand of communion to him, we sanction and sustain slavery. I almost consider it impious to associate Christianity with slaveholding. Shall we make their darkness or light our rule of action? We ought rather to walk after the light we have. Shall we, when we see persons doing that which we know to be in violation of God's law, set to them the seal of our approbation? This we do, if we fellowship them as Christians. We are performing our Christian duty when we exclude slaveholders from our communion. We thereby put in operation a train of influences to lead them to reflect on the nature of their sin, and to repent. On the contrary, so long as we fellowship them as Christians, we confirm them in their sins. Rev. R. Jennings. There are many present, who have heretofore done nothing for the slave. This is their first movement: they are now adopting their first measures. We should consider well what we are doing. I doubt very much whether the Convention is prepared to adopt such a resolution. We need to go through a course of discipline in our churches, before we attempt to exclude slaveholders. Take the temperance reform, for illustration. Suppose when a few had assembled to discuss the rightfulness of selling rum— and before we had had time to consider the question fully— others should come in and offer a resolution to exclude rumsellers from communion? Would not that be moving too fast? I think we have not labored with the slaveholders long enough yet, for us to adopt such a resolution. Endeavor still longer to lead them to repentance. If they will not repent, then cut them off. How should I feel to lift up my hand to excommunicate one with whom I had not labored? Rev. R. Jennings. There are many present, who have heretofore done nothing for the slave. This is their first movement: they are now adopting their first measures. We should consider well what we are doing. I doubt very much whether the Convention is prepared to adopt such a resolution. We need to go through a course of discipline in our churches, before we attempt to exclude slaveholders. Take the temperance reform, for illustration. Suppose when a few had assembled to discuss the rightfulness of selling rum— and before we had had time to consider the question fully— others should come in and offer a resolution to exclude rumsellers from communion? Would not that be moving too fast? I think we have not labored with the slaveholders long enough yet, for us to adopt such a resolution. Endeavor still longer to lead them to repentance. If they will not repent, then cut them off. How should I feel to lift up my hand to excommunicate one with whom I had not labored? Rev. E.R., Gilbert, from Wallingford. I object to the amendment, striking out the word voluntary— . . . the resolution is explicit. As amended, it is very indefinite. Who supports slavery? There is a great difference of opinion on this point— I move that the resolution be laid on the table. Rev. E.R., Gilbert, from Wallingford. I object to the amendment, striking out the word voluntary— . . . the resolution is explicit. As amended, it is very indefinite. Who supports slavery? There is a great difference of opinion on this point— I move that the resolution be laid on the table. Rev. Mr. Husted. I second the motion to lay the resolution on the table. Rev. Mr. Husted. I second the motion to lay the resolution on the table. A.F. Williams. I hope the resolution as amended will prevail. I do not understand the object of the motion, unless it is to give the resolution the go-by. This resolution I consider of more consequence than all the others. A.F. Williams. I hope the resolution as amended will prevail. I do not understand the object of the motion, unless it is to give the resolution the go-by. This resolution I consider of more consequence than all the others. The Chair. It can be called up whenever the Convention chooses to consider it further. I hope its further consideration will not be deferred until most of the members of the Convention have left. Now is the time the question should be acted upon, and I hope the brethren are prepared to act upon it manfully— to say to it yes or no. The Chair. The Chair. It can be called up whenever the Convention chooses to consider it further. I hope its further consideration will not be deferred until most of the members of the Convention have left. Now is the time the question should be acted upon, and I hope the brethren are prepared to act upon it manfully— to say to it yes or no. J.W. North. I prefer that every other resolution should be laid aside than this one. J.W. North. I prefer that every other resolution should be laid aside than this one. Rev. A. Granger. I think this resolution, as amended, similar to the one adopted at the Farmington Convention. Rev. A. Granger. I think this resolution, as amended, similar to the one adopted at the Farmington Convention. Rev. L. Crocker. I hope the motion to lay the resolution on the table will prevail. We had better disperse without saying anything, than to create division among the brethren. I wish to keep up the harmony of the church. If we pass such a resolution, it will not be binding on the churches of this State to observe— they will act in reference to this subject as they please. I wish it might lie over to another Convention. (Half a dozen voices— much confusion.) Rev. L. Crocker. I hope the motion to lay the resolution on the table will prevail. We had better disperse without saying anything, than to create division among the brethren. create division among the brethren. I wish to keep up the harmony of the church. harmony of the church. If we pass such a resolution, it will not be binding on the churches of this State to observe— they will act in reference to this subject as they please. I wish it might lie over to another Convention. (Half a dozen voices— much confusion.) Rev. Mr. Atwater. I wish to act now on the resolution, but cannot vote for it as amended. Rev. Mr. Atwater. I wish to act now on the resolution, but cannot vote for it as amended. Rev. J. Birney. I hope that action on the resolution will not be deferred; for, doubtless, the same persons may not all be at the next convention. We ought to be willing to pass this resolution. It would be taking away one of the main props to the system of slavery, and operate as a powerful means for its being speedily overturned. Rev. J. Birney. I hope that action on the resolution will not be deferred; for, doubtless, the same persons may not all be at the next convention. We ought to be willing to pass this resolution. It would be taking away one of the main props to the system of slavery, and operate as a powerful means for its being speedily overturned. The motion to lay on the table was not sustained, and the resolution was adopted as amended, several ministers dissenting. The motion to lay on the table was not sustained, and the resolution was adopted as amended, several ministers dissenting. (TO BE CONCLUDED) (TO BE CONCLUDED) 

 RELIGIOUS TIME-SERVING AND HOLLOW-HEARTEDNESS. These traits of character are strongly developed in the proceedings of the pseudo Anti-Slavery Convention got up by some of the Connecticut clergy and their lay tools, and held not long since in Middletown, Ct. Was there ever a more ludicrous, more farcical, or more heartless conclave brought together? (See our first page.) RELIGIOUS TIME-SERVING AND HOLLOW-HEARTEDNESS. These traits of character are strongly developed in the proceedings of the pseudo Anti-Slavery Convention got up by some of the Connecticut clergy and their lay tools, and held not long since in Middletown, Ct. Was there ever a more ludicrous, more farcical, or more heartless conclave brought together? (See our first page.) 

 The following tribute to the memory of the late Dr. CHANNING has been forwarded to us for insertion in the Liberator, by our friend JAMES HAUGHTON of Dublin, one of the brightest ornaments of Ireland— one of the world's benefactors. The following tribute to the memory of the late Dr. CHANNING has been forwarded to us for insertion in the Liberator, by our friend JAMES HAUGHTON of Dublin, one of the brightest ornaments of Ireland— one of the world's benefactors. At a meeting of the Irish Unitarian Christian Society, held in Dublin, April, 1843, the following resolution was passed, on the motion of JAMES HAUGHTON, Esq. Seconded by WILLIAM ANTISELL, Esq. viz: At a meeting of the Irish Unitarian Christian Society, held in Dublin, April, 1843, the following resolution was passed, on the motion of JAMES HAUGHTON, Esq. Seconded by WILLIAM ANTISELL, Esq. viz: 'That in recording the death, we would unite with all who worthily appreciated him, in rendering our public tribute to the memory, of that great and good man, the illustrious CHANNING, the powerful and unshrinking defender of pure Christianity and the rights of our race; that we would raise for him a fitting monument in the hearts and affections of mankind, by testifying our love for the deep, devoted piety that sanctified his life, and breathes in his deathless prayers; our admiration of his earnest solicitude and noble exertion for the diffusion of Peace, for the redemption of the demoralized and oppressed, and the extirpation of slavery,— that odious system which degrades man, the image of God, into a chattel, and with but partial exceptions, finds an indelible stigma upon the churches of America, of every creed; and our veneration for all the great works of Love and Mercy in which he was engaged, wherein we recognize, in all their loveliness of power, those exalted and glorious principles of love to God and to our neighbor, which our common Redeemer has declared to be the essence of the holy religion which he taught.' 'That in recording the death, we would unite with all who worthily appreciated him, in rendering our public tribute to the memory, of that great and good man, the illustrious CHANNING, the powerful and unshrinking defender of pure Christianity and the rights of our race; that we would raise for him a fitting monument in the hearts and affections of mankind, by testifying our love for the deep, devoted piety that sanctified his life, and breathes in his deathless prayers; our admiration of his earnest solicitude and noble exertion for the diffusion of Peace, for the redemption of the demoralized and oppressed, and the extirpation of slavery,— that odious system which degrades man, the image of God, into a chattel, and with but partial exceptions, finds an indelible stigma upon the churches of America, of every creed every creed ; and our veneration for all the great works of Love and Mercy in which he was engaged, wherein we recognize, in all their loveliness of power, those exalted and glorious principles of love to God and to our neighbor, which our common Redeemer has declared to be the essence of the holy religion which he taught.' 

 The Columbia, S.C. Temperance Advocate gives the details of a rail-road accident on the 9th ult. near Ogdensburg, between Charleston and Columbia. The train came in contact with a cow while at full speed, and was thrown from the track so suddenly, that the passenger car (some 30 or 40 feet long) was thrown in a twinkling on its top, turning a complete somerset, and one of the freight cars behind pitched on the top of it. That compartment of the passengers' car over which the freight car rushed, contained ten persons, five of whom escaped injury. Of the others, one had his shoulder dislocated, and four slightly injured. The Columbia, S.C. Temperance Advocate gives the details of a rail-road accident on the 9th ult. near Ogdensburg, between Charleston and Columbia. The train came in contact with a cow while at full speed, and was thrown from the track so suddenly, that the passenger car (some 30 or 40 feet long) was thrown in a twinkling on its top, turning a complete somerset, and one of the freight cars behind pitched on the top of it. That compartment of the passengers' car over which the freight car rushed, contained ten persons, five of whom escaped injury. Of the others, one had his shoulder dislocated, and four slightly injured. Railroad Accident.— We learn from the Evening Gazette that the Mail train of cars on the Norwich road, on Saturday morning, when fifteen miles this side of Norwich, came in contact with a hand-car heavily loaded with wood, and the engine and tender were precipitated down a bank of fifteen feet in height. One of the firemen was slightly burnt, but we are happy to state that no serious injury occurred to any person. Railroad Accident. Railroad Accident. — We learn from the Evening Gazette that the Mail train of cars on the Norwich road, on Saturday morning, when fifteen miles this side of Norwich, came in contact with a hand-car heavily loaded with wood, and the engine and tender were precipitated down a bank of fifteen feet in height. One of the firemen was slightly burnt, but we are happy to state that no serious injury occurred to any person. Fire at Lynn.— The new and beautiful building, called Sagamore Hall, near the Lynn Depot, was burnt on Saturday night. The fire took from the cooking furnace of Mr. Williams' Restorator in the lower story, and was discovered at about half-past 11, having probably been burning an hour. This Hall was built by Mr. Samuel Stearns, about four years since, at an expense of $5500, and was insured by the Mutual Insurance for 3500. This is the only fire of any consequence which has happened for three years at Lynn, a town built entirely of wood, and containing ten thousand people— a remarkable exemption. Fire at Lynn. Fire at Lynn. — The new and beautiful building, called Sagamore Hall, near the Lynn Depot, was burnt on Saturday night. The fire took from the cooking furnace of Mr. Williams' Restorator in the lower story, and was discovered at about half-past 11, having probably been burning an hour. This Hall was built by Mr. Samuel Stearns, about four years since, at an expense of $5500, and was insured by the Mutual Insurance for 3500. This is the only fire of any consequence which has happened for three years at Lynn, a town built entirely of wood, and containing ten thousand people— a remarkable exemption. Bloody Affair— A letter from Milledgeville, Ga., to the Augusta Chronicle, dated the 14th inst., says: Bloody Affair Bloody Affair — A letter from Milledgeville, Ga., to the Augusta Chronicle, dated the 14th inst., says: 'A gentleman from Hancock county has just apprised me of a most bloody tragedy which was enacted there last night. Owing to some family difficulty, two men, named Culver and Jackson, went to the house of a Mr. Lawson to inflict on him personal chastisement. Lawson seized his gun and fled under the cover of darkness, but finding himself hotly pursued, turned and fired, and strange to say, killed both his adversaries at one shot. My informant is a man of character and veracity, otherwise I should almost regard the story as fabulous.' 'A gentleman from Hancock county has just apprised me of a most bloody tragedy which was enacted there last night. Owing to some family difficulty, two men, named Culver and Jackson, went to the house of a Mr. Lawson to inflict on him personal chastisement. Lawson seized his gun and fled under the cover of darkness, but finding himself hotly pursued, turned and fired, and strange to say, killed both his adversaries at one shot. My informant is a man of character and veracity, otherwise I should almost regard the story as fabulous.' Fatal Accident.— The correspondent of Col. Hatch at Providence, informs him that a horse, drawing a carriage containing three men, became frightened and ran furiously away, throwing them all out, and killing Deacon M. Allen of the 2d Baptist Church in Providence, and considerably injuring the other two. Mr. Allen was a worthy man and very much respected.— Boston Mer. Jour. Fatal Accident. Fatal Accident. — The correspondent of Col. Hatch at Providence, informs him that a horse, drawing a carriage containing three men, became frightened and ran furiously away, throwing them all out, and killing Deacon M. Allen of the 2d Baptist Church in Providence, and considerably injuring the other two. Mr. Allen was a worthy man and very much respected.— Boston Mer. Jour. Boston Mer. Jour. Memphis, Nov. 14.— The elegant court house at Port Gibson, Miss., which cost $30,000, was destroyed by fire, on Wednesday night last; it is supposed to have been the work of an incendiary, whose object was to destroy the votes therein deposited, and not counted; but they were saved, although the sheriff lost many of his valuable papers, which, with other county papers, were burnt.— Eagle. Memphis, Nov. Memphis, Nov. 14.— The elegant court house at Port Gibson, Miss., which cost $30,000, was destroyed by fire, on Wednesday night last; it is supposed to have been the work of an incendiary, whose object was to destroy the votes therein deposited, and not counted; but they were saved, although the sheriff lost many of his valuable papers, which, with other county papers, were burnt.— Eagle. Eagle. The Hon. John Quincy Adams has been received with every demonstration of respect at Pittsburg. The Chronicle, published on Saturday in that city, says:- The Hon. John Quincy Adams has been received with every demonstration of respect at Pittsburg. The Chronicle, published on Saturday in that city, says:- As a token of respect to Mr. Adams, all the workshops in the two cities were closed yesterday, that the working-men might have a chance to bid him welcome. The silence of the engines, the machinery, and the workmen's tools, was mightier tribute to Mr. Adams than the roar of cannons, the strains of music, the pompous procession, or the eloquent address. As a token of respect to Mr. Adams, all the workshops in the two cities were closed yesterday, that the working-men might have a chance to bid him welcome. The silence of the engines, the machinery, and the workmen's tools, was mightier tribute to Mr. Adams than the roar of cannons, the strains of music, the pompous procession, or the eloquent address. 'Mount Adams.'— The mount upon which the Cincinnati Observatory is being constructed was called 'Mount Ida' until the day of laying the corner stone of the Observatory, when, by an unanimous vote of the Astronomical Society, its name was changed to 'Mount Adams,' in honor of the Ex-President, John Quincy Adams, by whom the edifice was dedicated to the purposes of its construction. ' Mount Adams. Mount Adams. '— The mount upon which the Cincinnati Observatory is being constructed was called 'Mount Ida' until the day of laying the corner stone of the Observatory, when, by an unanimous vote of the Astronomical Society, its name was changed to 'Mount Adams,' in honor of the Ex-President, John Quincy Adams, by whom the edifice was dedicated to the purposes of its construction. Destructive Fire at Rochester.— Our city was visited this morning by the most destructive conflagration that has happened for many years. The entire range of buildings from the alley west of the Third church, round the corner to some distance up South St. Paul-street, are a heap of ruins. The number of buildings destroyed is between twenty and twenty-five. The great portion of the property was owned by Anson House, Esq. and John F. Bush. Destructive Fire at Rochester. Destructive Fire at Rochester. — Our city was visited this morning by the most destructive conflagration that has happened for many years. The entire range of buildings from the alley west of the Third church, round the corner to some distance up South St. Paul-street, are a heap of ruins. The number of buildings destroyed is between twenty and twenty-five. The great portion of the property was owned by Anson House, Esq. and John F. Bush. A furious snow-storm suspended navigation at Buffalo on Monday, and it was feared that the canal would be frozen over. A large fleet of vessels was exposed on the lake. One brig had thrown 200 barrels of flour and 1000 bushels of wheat overboard. Several others were injured. A furious snow-storm suspended navigation at Buffalo on Monday, and it was feared that the canal would be frozen over. A large fleet of vessels was exposed on the lake. One brig had thrown 200 barrels of flour and 1000 bushels of wheat overboard. Several others were injured. There has recently been a rising of the slaves on some of the plantations in Matanzas. They were, however, immediately put down, and 50 of them killed, and 97 taken prisoners, whilst others hung themselves rather than be taken by the authorities. There has recently been a rising of the slaves on some of the plantations in Matanzas. They were, however, immediately put down, and 50 of them killed, and 97 taken prisoners, whilst others hung themselves rather than be taken by the authorities. We regret to learn, by the arrival of the Caledonia, of the death of Miss Ann G. Everett, eldest daughter of our minister at the court of St. James, aged 20.— Boston Cour. We regret to learn, by the arrival of the Caledonia, of the death of Miss Ann G. Everett, eldest daughter of our minister at the court of St. James, aged 20.— Boston Cour. Boston Cour. Count Survilliers, (Joseph Bonaparte) who has been residing in Florence for some time, has been attacked with a paralytic stroke, by which his life is endangered. Count Survilliers, (Joseph Bonaparte) who has been residing in Florence for some time, has been attacked with a paralytic stroke, by which his life is endangered. An Acquittal.— The Richmond (Indiana) Palladium says that Elizabeth Hubbard, a young woman who killed her father last summer, in Rush county, in that State, whilst he was beating his wife and the mother of the girl, has been tried and acquitted. An Acquittal. An Acquittal. — The Richmond (Indiana) Palladium says that Elizabeth Hubbard, a young woman who killed her father last summer, in Rush county, in that State, whilst he was beating his wife and the mother of the girl, has been tried and acquitted. Seduction.— The Rev. L. Reed, late pastor of the Presbyterian church in this village, was brought before the Champlain Presbytery, on Tuesday last, upon the charge of seduction, and unchristian and improper conduct. The trial continued three days and evenings, and after a most painful and impartial investigation, he was convicted on all the charges and deposed from the ministry. The victim of seduction was a girl only 17 years of age, and a member of his church. But we forbear to remark upon the enormity of the offence, as disclosed by the witnesses— our church mourns, our community suffers, and mercy itself weeps over such exhibitions of the depravity of poor human nature.— Plattsburg Republican. Seduction. Seduction. — The Rev. L. Reed, late pastor of the Presbyterian church in this village, was brought before the Champlain Presbytery, on Tuesday last, upon the charge of seduction, and unchristian and improper conduct. The trial continued three days and evenings, and after a most painful and impartial investigation, he was convicted on all the charges and deposed from the ministry. The victim of seduction was a girl only 17 years of age, and a member of his church. But we forbear to remark upon the enormity of the offence, as disclosed by the witnesses— our church mourns, our community suffers, and mercy itself weeps over such exhibitions of the depravity of poor human nature.— Plattsburg Republican. Plattsburg Republican. Conviction for Murder.— The Jury in the case of the young colored man, James Brister, tried in the Oyer and Terminer yesterday, for killing Wm. Conlin, another young colored man, came into court today at 12 o'clock, rendering a verdict against the prisoner of murder in the second degree.— Philadelphia Gazette. Conviction for Murder. Conviction for Murder. — The Jury in the case of the young colored man, James Brister, tried in the Oyer and Terminer yesterday, for killing Wm. Conlin, another young colored man, came into court today at 12 o'clock, rendering a verdict against the prisoner of murder in the second degree.— Philadelphia Gazette. murder in the second degree.— Philadelphia Gazette. Resolutions in favor of annexing Texas to the Union have been adopted at a public meeting in Belleville, Illinois, Governor Reynolds advocating them! Resolutions in favor of annexing Texas to the Union have been adopted at a public meeting in Belleville, Illinois, Governor Reynolds advocating them! The Hartford Journal says Dr. John S. Wolcott, son of the late Gov. Wolcott, and the last of the Wolcotts in Litchfield, died suddenly on the 22d inst., from putting arsenic in a tooth to alleviate the toothache. The Hartford Journal says Dr. John S. Wolcott, son of the late Gov. Wolcott, and the last of the Wolcotts in Litchfield, died suddenly on the 22d inst., from putting arsenic in a tooth to alleviate the toothache. The Western Railroad Directors have voted to raise the price of fare to $5 to Albany, after the 1st of December, and the price of freight about twenty-five per centum, to take effect after the close of navigation.— Boston Post. The Western Railroad Directors have voted to raise the price of fare to $5 to Albany, after the 1st of December, and the price of freight about twenty-five per centum, to take effect after the close of navigation.— Boston Post. Boston Post. 

 To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator To the Editor of the Liberator : I send you for publication the following letter, received from Nathaniel Barney of Nantucket. He is a sterling specimen of the Society of Friends, after the primitive pattern. I send you for publication the following letter, received from Nathaniel Barney of Nantucket. He is a sterling specimen of the Society of Friends, after the primitive pattern. Your readers are all aware, that while on most of our railroads equal privileges have been accorded to all persons irrespective of color; on the New-Bedford and two other roads, an invidious, tyrannical and unconstitutional usage has prevailed of 'colonizing' the colored man to a separate and usually a much less safe and comfortable car. During the period of this regulation, friend Barney, Quaker-like, has refused to receive the dividends upon his stock. Although the rule in question is already repealed, he is still too scrupulous to profit by that which is tainted with injustice and oppression. Your readers are all aware, that while on most of our railroads equal privileges have been accorded to all persons irrespective of color; on the New-Bedford and two other roads, an invidious, tyrannical and unconstitutional usage has prevailed of 'colonizing' the colored man to a separate and usually a much less safe and comfortable car. During the period of this regulation, friend Barney, Quaker-like, has refused to receive the dividends upon his stock. Although the rule in question is already repealed, he is still too scrupulous to profit by that which is tainted with injustice and oppression. In the following letter, you will see how this upright man settles the account with the railroad and with his conscience. In the following letter, you will see how this upright man settles the account with the railroad and with his conscience. I perhaps owe an apology to friend Barney for publishing a private letter, but it is honorable to him, and will be gratifying and beneficial to your readers, and I must therefore take the responsibility. I perhaps owe an apology to friend Barney for publishing a private letter, but it is honorable to him, and will be gratifying and beneficial to your readers, and I must therefore take the responsibility. FRANCIS JACKSON. FRANCIS JACKSON. 

 Died— In Chilmark, of liver complaint, on the 14th inst., Henry James, aged 33. His death was happy, as he died in full faith that he should be accepted through his Redeemer. Died— In Chilmark, of liver complaint, on the 14th inst., Henry James, aged 33. His death was happy, as he died in full faith that he should be accepted through his Redeemer. In Duxbury, 2d inst., Mrs. DEBORAH, wife of the Hon. Seth Sprague, in her 83d year. She lived with her husband in the same house more than 64 years, and was the mother of 15 children, all of whom lived to an adult age, and to have families of their own. Her 11 daughters were all married under the same roof. Ten children survive her. She had 162 grand and great grand children, out of whom 132 are now living. In Duxbury, 2d inst., Mrs. DEBORAH, wife of the Hon. Seth Sprague, in her 83d year. She lived with her husband in the same house more than 64 years, and was the mother of 15 children, all of whom lived to an adult age, and to have families of their own. Her 11 daughters were all married under the same roof. Ten children survive her. She had 162 grand and great grand children, out of whom 132 are now living. 

 NANTUCKET, 11th mo. 10th, 1843. NANTUCKET, 11th mo. 10th, 1843. The Treasurer of the 'New-Bedford and Taunton Railroad' will please pay to the order of Francis Jackson, for William Lloyd Garrison, in view of his faithful and undeviating advocacy of the rights of humanity, the dividends, severally, which have been declared on my stock in said corporation, and which are now due to me, and oblige The Treasurer of the 'New-Bedford and Taunton Railroad' will please pay to the order of Francis Jackson, for William Lloyd Garrison, in view of his faithful and undeviating advocacy of the rights of humanity in view of his faithful and undeviating advocacy of the rights of humanity , the dividends, severally, which have been declared on my stock in said corporation, and which are now due to me, and oblige His assured friend, His assured friend, NATHANIEL BARNEY. NATHANIEL BARNEY. 

 The 'friends of Freedom,' who have promised to write for the Liberty Bell, are informed that the press waits. Be prompt! The 'friends of Freedom,' who have promised to write for the Liberty Bell, are informed that the press waits. Be prompt! 

 NANTUCKET, 11th mo. 10th, 1843. NANTUCKET, 11th mo. 10th, 1843. FRANCIS JACKSON: FRANCIS JACKSON: MY DEAR FRIEND— I have within a few days received an official message, in reference to the New-Bedford and Taunton Railroad. This road is now free, and hence I am prepared to receive my dividends. For eighteen months I have returned them. There are three dividends due, being $22 50. I had determined I would never receive these; but as I have reflected on the subject, I have come to the conclusion, in view of the faithful testimony which our friend, W.L. Garrison, has, for a series of years, borne against the spirit of proscription, to subjoin an order for [ ]thee to receive and hand to him, the amount in the treasury to my credit. MY DEAR FRIEND— I have within a few days received an official message, in reference to the New-Bedford and Taunton Railroad. This road is now free, and hence I am prepared to receive my dividends. For eighteen months I have returned them. There are three dividends due, being $22 50. I had determined I would never receive these; but as I have reflected on the subject, I have come to the conclusion, in view of the faithful testimony which our friend, W.L. Garrison, has, for a series of years, borne against the spirit of proscription, to subjoin an order for [ ]thee to receive and hand to him, the amount in the treasury to my credit. And thus it is, as Lydia Maria Child once said, 'that inch by inch the ground is gained.' I rejoice that this road is no longer proscriptive, inasmuch as I shall feel a freedom and an interest which I have not of late known, when I have been upon it. And thus it is, as Lydia Maria Child once said, 'that inch by inch the ground is gained.' I rejoice that this road is no longer proscriptive, inasmuch as I shall feel a freedom and an interest which I have not of late known, when I have been upon it. The friend of freedom has much to encourage him, when he reflects upon the present aspect of the anti-slavery cause. I will refer to one 'sign of the times' only, and I do it without any other party feeling than that which has a bearing upon chattel property. This will be accredited, when I tell thee that I have not east a vote for a national or State officer since 1824. A single glance at the recent developments touching the State elections, reveals the story. Let no friend of freedom despair, when he investigates the present policy of the political parties, and contrasts it with that of the same parties, only a few years ago. Then, no effort was spared to prove how decidedly anti-slavery was eschewed. Now, the candidates for office are loud in their protestations of reverence to this once despised cause. Well, let it be, as it really should be, the test of political preferment, and it needs no prophetic vision to determine, that no slaveholder can again obtain the electoral vote of Massachusetts. Vermont and Massachusetts are too enlightened, are too much baptised into the spirit of freedom, to lend their instrumentality, so directly, to a system embodying, as the good John Wesley said, 'the sum of all villanies,' and, of course, at war with every principle of justice, humanity and religion. The fact, that those occupying the highest places, both in the Church and the State, are the principals in this aggression and wrong, though it may have heretofore sanctified them, cannot much longer hide the iniquity, nor avert the hand that is uplifted to remove the veil which selfishness and cowardice have hung around them. The friend of freedom has much to encourage him, when he reflects upon the present aspect of the anti-slavery cause. I will refer to one 'sign of the times' only, and I do it without any other party feeling than that which has a bearing upon chattel property. chattel property. This will be accredited, when I tell thee that I have not east a vote for a national or State officer since 1824. A single glance at the recent developments touching the State elections, reveals the story. Let no friend of freedom despair, when he investigates the present policy of the political parties, and contrasts it with that of the same parties, only a few years ago. Then Then , no effort was spared to prove how decidedly anti-slavery was eschewed. Now Now , the candidates for office are loud in their protestations of reverence to this once despised cause. Well, let it be, as it really should be should be , the test of political preferment, and it needs no prophetic vision to determine, that no slaveholder can again obtain the electoral vote of Massachusetts. Vermont and Massachusetts are too enlightened, are too much baptised into the spirit of freedom, to lend their instrumentality, so directly, to a system embodying, as the good John Wesley said, ' the sum of all villanies the sum of all villanies ,' and, of course, at war with every principle of justice, humanity and religion. The fact, that those occupying the highest places, both in the Church and the State, are the principals are the principals in this aggression and wrong, though it may have heretofore heretofore sanctified them, cannot much longer much longer hide the iniquity, nor avert the hand that is uplifted to remove the veil which selfishness and cowardice have hung around them. Through the devotion of Wm. L. Garrison and others, this nation is now awakened to the revolting system, which recognizes chattelized human beings; and the testimony which he and other faithful . . . churches is awakening the latent sensibility which they possess. An admirable example of this is furnished in a review, by Samuel M. Janney, a member of the Baltimore Yearly Meeting of Friends, of an Essay in defence of slavery from the Bible by the 'Rev. Thornton Stringfellow,' and published at the office of the RELIGIOUS HERALD, Richmond, Va. He has shown, beyond a contradiction, the fallacy of the author's Biblical deductions. This review will repay perusal. Through the devotion of Wm. L. Garrison and others, this nation is now awakened to the revolting system, which recognizes chattelized human beings; and the testimony which he and other faithful . . . churches is awakening the latent sensibility which they possess. An admirable example of this is furnished in a review, by Samuel M. Janney, a member of the Baltimore Yearly Meeting of Friends, of an Essay in defence of slavery from the Bible by the 'Rev. Thornton Stringfellow,' and published at the office of the RELIGIOUS HERALD, Richmond, Va. He has shown, beyond a contradiction, the fallacy of the author's Biblical deductions. This review will repay perusal. By the action of the State I am encouraged, and there is no fear but the Church will, as usual, echo the voice of public sentiment, notwithstanding its present position. True, the infidel and the 'uncircumcised may triumph,' when they realize that with very few exceptions, slaveholding ministers are received into the northern churches, and are in regular standing throughout its length and breadth, notwithstanding the avowal of sentiments analogous to those of a clergyman from Mobile, uttered over his own signature, (Wm. F. Hamilton,) during his visit and consequent services in the churches in New-York. See his letter, dated 'Oct. 23, 1843,' in the New-York Tribune, viz: 'So clear is my conscience on this subject, that if I wanted a good servant, and could meet with one to suit me, and could find means to purchase a faithful servant, I should do it with a safe conscience, for, to the best of my judgment, as to the morality of the thing, I see no more sin in such a purchase, than in the purchase of a good horse, or any thing else.' Yes, he would perhaps purchase a member of his own church, and use him as a 'thing,' 'a piece of personal property;' and others, in practice, carry out the awful doctrine which was avowed in 'General Conference' in 1840, by the 'Rev. Mr. Crawder of Virginia, viz: 'Slavery is not only countenanced, permitted and regulated by the Bible, but it was positively instituted by God himself. He has in so many words enjoined it.' In view of a similar sentiment, Stephen S. Foster exclaims,' Hung be the heavens in sackcloth! Let the sun hide his face in darkness, as when the infatuated Jews nailed the Son of God to the cross!' By the action of the State State I am encouraged, and there is no fear but the Church Church will, as usual, echo the voice of public sentiment, notwithstanding its present position. True, the infidel and the 'uncircumcised may triumph,' when they realize that with very few exceptions, slaveholding ministers are received into the northern churches, and are in regular standing throughout its length and breadth, notwithstanding the avowal of sentiments analogous to those of a clergyman from Mobile, uttered over his own signature, (Wm. F. Hamilton,) during his visit and consequent services in the churches in New-York. See his letter, dated 'Oct. 23, 1843,' in the New-York Tribune, viz: 'So clear is my conscience on this subject, that if I wanted a good servant, and could meet with one to suit me, and could find means to purchase a faithful servant, I should do it with a safe conscience, for, to the best of my judgment, as to the morality of the thing, I see no more sin in such a purchase, than in the purchase of a good horse, or any thing else.' Yes, he would perhaps purchase a member of his own church, and use him as a 'thing,' 'a piece of personal property;' and others, in practice, carry out the awful doctrine which was avowed in 'General Conference' in 1840, by the 'Rev. Mr. Crawder of Virginia, viz: 'Slavery is not only countenanced, permitted and regulated by the Bible, but it was positively instituted by God himself. He has in so many words enjoined it.' In view of a similar sentiment, Stephen S. Foster exclaims,' Hung be the heavens in sackcloth! Let the sun hide his face in darkness, as when the infatuated Jews nailed the Son of God to the cross!' But I forbear; a better day is dawning. Let the advocate for freedom hold on his way, and the angelic anthem may yet be sung— 'Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, and good will towards men.' Affectionately thy friend, But I forbear; a better day is dawning. Let the advocate for freedom hold on his way, and the angelic anthem may yet be sung— 'Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, and good will towards men.' Affectionately thy friend, N. BARNEY. N. BARNEY. 

 THE WEYMOUTH ANTI-SLAVERY FAIR, in aid of the Mass. A.S. Society, THE WEYMOUTH ANTI-SLAVERY FAIR, in aid of the Mass. A.S. Society, in aid of the Mass. A.S. Society, Will be held on TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5th, at the Reading-Room under the Universalist church. Will be held on TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5th, at the Reading-Room under the Universalist church. Table  Table  Weymouth, Nov. 21st, 1843. Weymouth, Nov. 21st, 1843. 

 GREENVILLE, (Ct.) Nov. 8th, 1843. GREENVILLE, (Ct.) Nov. 8th, 1843. DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: I will now give you some information as to the effect of that moral tornado which by your lecture you set in motion among us, and which Dr. Hudson and James Boyle have helped to prolong. A terrible convulsion and uproar have followed the labors of anti-slavery agents in this place, for the first time. The moral putrefaction emitted proves, beyond a doubt, that the sore has been probed to the bottom. I now think the reason the other lecturers produced no greater effect was, because they did not take the ground that no apologist or upholder of slavery could possibly be a Christian; and that, consequently, our northern church and clergy were anti-christian. Here is the sensitive spot, and one which abolitionists have not touched until recently, in this region, at least. The reason is obvious. What care the great mass of mankind what sins or guilt you charge upon them, so long as you allow they are Christians? It is not a pure and sinless life they desire, but a guaranty of a place in heaven at last. As James Boyle says, 'Only give them an insurance policy against hell-fire, and it is all they care for.' You grant they are Christians, and they consider it a sure 'policy;'— for the Orthodox believe it impossible to fall from grace, and the Methodists believe it possible, though improbable that they themselves ever shall, for they mean to hold on and hold out to the end. One may discourse till he is weary about the horrors and guilt of slavery, and the strongest pro-slavite will join in the hue and cry. But only hint that this same wickedness is incompatible with Christianity, and the dividing lines are drawn forth-with— the agreement is broken. This, and this only, was the reason of your lecture giving such offence to our very religious people. However, they dare not make this the point at issue; for the 'world's people' (as they are called) have become so much enlightened, that they too denounce those churches as anti-christian, that fellowship and sustain such vile abominations. So they were compelled to say, 'We liked what Garrison said on slavery, but he is going to destroy the Sabbath, and take from us all our sacred ordinances.' One of the committee said, he would rather have seen the meeting-house in flames, than to have seen such a man in it. What regard for the Lord's house!! Another said, you carried the Bible under one arm, and the devil under the other. It seemed as if they were boiling over with rage, (I mean the religious portion)— while the publicans and sinners heard you gladly, and say, 'O! how we wish he would lecture again!' I do hope you will make it convenient to visit us soon. You cannot imagine how this one lecture set the wheels of discussion in motion. The priest was astonished that any one of his congregation would go to hear you, and has given his people quite a lecture from the pulpit for allowing such doctrines to creep in among them. I will now give you some information as to the effect of that moral tornado which by your lecture you set in motion among us, and which Dr. Hudson and James Boyle have helped to prolong. A terrible convulsion and uproar have followed the labors of anti-slavery agents in this place, for the first time. The moral putrefaction emitted proves, beyond a doubt, that the sore has been probed to the bottom. I now now think the reason the other lecturers produced no greater effect was, because they did not take the ground that no apologist or upholder of slavery could possibly be a Christian; and that, consequently, our northern church and clergy were anti-christian. Here is the sensitive spot, and one which abolitionists have not touched until recently, in this region, at least. The reason is obvious. What care the great mass of mankind what sins or guilt you charge upon them, so long as you allow they are Christians? so long as you allow they are Christians? It is not a pure and sinless life they desire, but a guaranty of a place in heaven at last. As James Boyle says, 'Only give them an insurance policy against hell-fire, and it is all they care for.' You grant they are Christians, and they consider it a sure 'policy;'— for the Orthodox believe it impossible to fall from grace, and the Methodists believe it possible, though improbable that they themselves ever shall, for they mean to hold on and hold out to the end. One may discourse till he is weary about the horrors and guilt of slavery, and the strongest pro-slavite will join in the hue and cry. But only hint that this same wickedness is incompatible with Christianity, and the dividing lines are drawn forth-with— the agreement is broken. This, and this only, was the reason of your lecture giving such offence to our very religious people. However, they dare not make this the point at issue; for the 'world's people' (as they are called) have become so much enlightened, that they too denounce those churches as anti-christian, that fellowship and sustain such vile abominations. So they were compelled to say, 'We liked what Garrison said on slavery, but he is going to destroy the Sabbath, and take from us all our sacred ordinances.' One of the committee said, he would rather have seen the meeting-house in flames, than to have seen such a man in it. What regard for the Lord's house!! Another said, you carried the Bible under one arm, and the devil under the other. It seemed as if they were boiling over with rage, (I mean the religious portion)— while the publicans and sinners heard you gladly, and say, 'O! how we wish he would lecture again!' I do hope you will make it convenient to visit us soon. You cannot imagine how this one lecture set the wheels of discussion in motion. The priest was astonished that any one of his congregation would go to hear you, and has given his people quite a lecture from the pulpit for allowing such doctrines to creep in among them. The funniest thing I have heard of was, Elder Knapp's prayer, the next evening after you lectured. He was telling the Lord what hindered a revival in Norwich. The most prominent obstacle was this. He said— 'O Lord, thou knowest the devil has his agents abroad to prevent they work. O Lord, thou knowest he sent an INFIDEL to Greenville, last night, who lectured in the Congregational meeting-house. O Lord, thou knowest he has got one good thing mixed with a great many bad ones. O Lord, if he has not already sinned away the day of grace, wilt thou convert him'— but he believed it almost certain, that you were given over to reprobation. 'But, O Lord, thou knowest if he has committed the unpardonable sin,' &c. &c. Here is a specimen of Knapp's love for anti-slavery. He worked hard for weeks to get the mastery of the devil and his agents, but he had to give up beat, and go off without crowns or laurels. But elder Swan stays, and has gone into another part of the city, where he is creating a great noise, making converts and baptizing them, all the same night he baptizes at midnight. I am afraid he will stay until he eats out every vestige of humanity that exists in the hearts of the Norwich people. They never had much, but it grows less and less under his tuition. The funniest thing I have heard of was, Elder Knapp's prayer, the next evening after you lectured. He was telling the Lord what hindered a revival in Norwich. The most prominent obstacle was this. He said— 'O Lord, thou knowest the devil has his agents abroad to prevent they work. O Lord, thou knowest he sent an INFIDEL to Greenville, last night, who lectured in the Congregational meeting-house. O Lord, thou knowest he has got one good thing mixed with a great many bad ones. O Lord, if he has not already sinned away the day of grace, wilt thou convert him'— but he believed it almost certain, that you were given over to reprobation. 'But, O Lord, thou knowest if he has committed the unpardonable sin,' &c. &c. Here is a specimen of Knapp's love for anti-slavery. He worked hard for weeks to get the mastery of the devil and his agents, but he had to give up beat, and go off without crowns or laurels. But elder Swan stays, and has gone into another part of the city, where he is creating a great noise, making converts and baptizing them, all the same night he baptizes at midnight. I am afraid he will stay until he eats out every vestige of humanity that exists in the hearts of the Norwich people. They never had much, but it grows less and less under his tuition. Hudson and Boyle came, agreeably to appointment. By some unknown and to me unaccountable reason, the Methodist house was obtained for Dr. H. the first evening, and he gave them a severe moral scourging. The man who let him in got so enraged, that he spit out venom before he left the house. The next morning, he declared, by all that was great and good, that such another fellow never should be admitted within its consecrated walls. Hudson and Boyle came, agreeably to appointment. By some unknown and to me unaccountable reason, the Methodist house was obtained for Dr. H. the first evening, and he gave them a severe moral scourging. The man who let him in got so enraged, that he spit out venom before he left the house. The next morning, he declared, by all that was great and good, that such another fellow never should be admitted within its consecrated walls. No place could be obtained for Boyle, but the school-house, and that was engaged to the Wesleyans the next evening. We prevailed upon them to stay until he could have the school-house. No place could be obtained for Boyle, but the school-house, and that was engaged to the Wesleyans the next evening. We prevailed upon them to stay until he could have the school-house. They were walking to the Landing. Mr. ----— overtook them, and was very pleasant and social. Well, they conversed very pleasantly upon various topics connected with anti-slavery, 'Liberty party,' &c. He said he would not vote for a man to fill any office, from the highest to the lowest, unless he was an out-spoken abolitionist. Boyle told him he was right, so far; but added, 'Do you not see your inconsistency, so long as you sustain a pro-slavery church and ministry?' ----— tried to deny that he was sustaining them; but Boyle gave him no quarters— proved to him, beyond a doubt, that they were all pro-slavery, and, as such, he was giving them his countenance and support. At last, ----— was driven to say, that they were ministers and churches of Christ, though they did sustain slavery. Boyle replied, 'See, now, you don't value a man so high as you do a sheep; for you would not commune with a sheep-stealer, or call him a Christian, while you do both by the stealers of men.' 'I can't see it as you do,' said -----. 'The reason you don't,' said Boyle, 'is because you are bewitched with the sorcery of your priests; and if you don't break away from them, they will carry you to hell, as surely as they are going themselves.' ----- could endure no more, but went off in a rage, saying, 'You lie! you lie!' He came back to Greenville, and told the people they had got somebody now a hundred fold worse than Garrison, and tried to prejudice their minds against hearing him lecture. But he had a full house, though the religious portion mostly kept away. He gave a first rate lecture, though I was surprised at its mildness; but, mild as it was, it raised the ire of a pious Baptist, who took notes of the lecture. After the close, he stepped up to Boyle, with the fury of a demon in his countenance, and said, 'Did I understand you to say, that no slaveholder could be a Christian?' Boyle. 'Yes, I said so.' Said the Baptist, 'Don't you believe that Abraham was a Christian and a slaveholder?' Boyle replied— 'He was not a Christian, if he was a slaveholder.' 'Well,' said the other, 'I thought you did not believe the Bible! O, how my blood has boiled in my veins to hear you denounce the churches and ministers of Christ, as you have tonight.' 'Churches and ministers of the devil,' said Boyle— 'all synagogues of Satan.' The spectators all shouted tremendously, and the poor Baptist became so enraged, he could scarcely speak; but continued— 'Don't you believe God foreordained that the Africans should be brought from their country, and enslaved?' Boyle replied, 'No! I don't believe any such thing— do you?' 'Why,' said the poor man, 'the Bible says, 'Shall there be evil in the city, and the Lord hath not done it?' He said, too, that 'God foreordained that Judas should betray Christ,' &c. 'Why,' said Boyle, 'your God is my devil.' The spectators again shouted their applause, while that poor bigoted sectarist decamped, uttering dreadful woes on the head of any man that dared berate his God, his Bible, his Christ, as the lecturer had done that night. They were walking to the Landing. Mr. ----— overtook them, and was very pleasant and social. Well, they conversed very pleasantly upon various topics connected with anti-slavery, 'Liberty party,' &c. He said he would not vote for a man to fill any office, from the highest to the lowest, unless he was an out-spoken abolitionist. Boyle told him he was right, so far; but added, 'Do you not see your inconsistency, so long as you sustain a pro-slavery church and ministry?' ----— tried to deny that he was sustaining them; but Boyle gave him no quarters— proved to him, beyond a doubt, that they were all pro-slavery, and, as such, he was giving them his countenance and support. At last, ----— was driven to say, that they were ministers and churches of Christ, though they did sustain slavery. though they did sustain slavery. Boyle replied, 'See, now, you don't value a man so high as you do a sheep; for you would not commune with a sheep-stealer sheep-stealer , or call him a Christian, while you do both by the stealers of men.' 'I can't see it as you do,' said -----. 'The reason you don't,' said Boyle, 'is because you are bewitched with the sorcery of your priests; and if you don't break away from them, they will carry you to hell, as surely as they are going themselves.' ----- could endure no more, but went off in a rage, saying, 'You lie! you lie!' He came back to Greenville, and told the people they had got somebody now now a hundred fold worse than Garrison, and tried to prejudice their minds against hearing him lecture. But he had a full house, though the religious religious portion mostly kept away. He gave a first rate lecture, though I was surprised at its mildness; but, mild as it was, it raised the ire of a pious Baptist, who took notes of the lecture. After the close, he stepped up to Boyle, with the fury of a demon in his countenance, and said, 'Did I understand you to say, that no slaveholder could be a Christian?' Boyle. 'Yes, I said so.' Said the Baptist, 'Don't you believe that Abraham was a Christian and a slaveholder?' Boyle replied— 'He was not a Christian, if he was a slaveholder.' if he was a slaveholder.' 'Well,' said the other, 'I thought you did not believe the Bible! O, how my blood has boiled in my veins to hear you denounce the churches and ministers of Christ the churches and ministers of Christ , as you have tonight.' 'Churches and ministers of the devil,' said Boyle— 'all synagogues of Satan.' The spectators all shouted tremendously, and the poor Baptist became so enraged, he could scarcely speak; but continued— 'Don't you believe God foreordained that the Africans should be brought from their country, and enslaved?' Boyle replied, 'No! I don't believe any such thing— do you?' 'Why,' said the poor man, 'the Bible says, 'Shall there be evil in the city, and the Lord hath not done it?' He said, too, that 'God foreordained that Judas should betray Christ,' &c. 'Why,' said Boyle, 'your God is my devil.' The spectators again shouted their applause, while that poor bigoted sectarist decamped, uttering dreadful woes on the head of any man that dared berate his God, his Bible, his Christ, as the lecturer had done that night. The good seed has been sown in this village; but unless it can be now cultivated, the tares will choke it all. There are inquiring minds that would go right, if they can be led until they are able to walk alone. James Boyle partly promised to bring his wife, and stay with us, and hold 'a protracted meeting.' We are extremely anxious he should. Will you not urge him to do so? I am aware that no one can realize the importance of cultivating this part of the field, but those of us who live here, and know the peculiar state of the people. It is of little use to do any thing in Norwich city, for they are completely bewitched by the sorcery of the priests. Greenville is the place to apply the lever that will move Norwich city, if it is ever shaken; for this reason: The village is a new place— the inhabitants are working people, come together from all parts of the world, and among them are some few comparatively free spirits. Elder Knapp is gone; but Swan continues, and is sweeping all by the board, baptizing night and day. Oh, for some master spirit to counteract his pernicious and soul-destroying influence! The good seed has been sown in this village; but unless it can be now cultivated, the tares will choke it all. There are inquiring minds that would go right, if they can be led until they are able to walk alone. James Boyle partly promised to bring his wife, and stay with us, and hold 'a protracted meeting.' We are extremely anxious he should. Will you not urge him to do so? I am aware that no one can realize the importance of cultivating this part of the field, but those of us who live here, and know the peculiar state of the people. It is of little use to do any thing in Norwich city, for they are completely bewitched by the sorcery of the priests. Greenville is the place to apply the lever that will move Norwich city, if it is ever shaken; for this reason: The village is a new place— the inhabitants are working people, come together from all parts of the world, and among them are some few comparatively free spirits. Elder Knapp is gone; but Swan continues, and is sweeping all by the board, baptizing night and day. Oh, for some master spirit to counteract his pernicious and soul-destroying influence! I will mention one other important item, in connexion with anti-slavery in this village. The Saturday after Boyle and Hudson were here, the Rev. Thomas Williams, from Rhode-Island, came on a visit to this place. Our priest supplied his pulpit by an exchange the Sunday Mr. Williams was here, and he was invited to preach in the afternoon. By the way, the evening was the regular time for the (so called) anti-slavery concert; but, instead of our minister leaving a notice to that effect, he left word for the officiating minister to preach in the evening. ----— found out about it, and made such a stir, that it was agreed between them, that Mr. Williams should preach in the evening, on slavery. His text was, 'Remember those in bonds,' &c. He took the ground that true piety would abolish slavery at once and for ever; brought facts in proof, &c. The next morning, one of our best abolitionists gave him three dollars, as a token of his entire satisfaction with his evening's work. After his sermon was done, ----— made some remarks— gave his hearty approval of the sentiments advanced, and came out tremendously against the pro-slavery clergy, &c. Said his spirit had been moved within him, during the week past, to hear the ministers of his own denomination denounced as a 'pack of cold-hearted infidels;' but,' he continued, 'in looking over their conduct, I find there is too much truth in the charge.' I will mention one other important item, in connexion with anti-slavery in this village. The Saturday after Boyle and Hudson were here, the Rev. Thomas Williams, from Rhode-Island, came on a visit to this place. Our priest supplied his pulpit by an exchange the Sunday Mr. Williams was here, and he was invited to preach in the afternoon. By the way, the evening was the regular time for the (so called) anti-slavery concert; but, instead of our minister leaving a notice to that effect, he left word for the officiating minister to preach in the evening. ----— found out about it, and made such a stir, that it was agreed between them, that Mr. Williams should preach in the evening, on slavery. His text was, 'Remember those in bonds,' &c. He took the ground that true piety would abolish slavery at once and for ever; brought facts in proof, &c. The next morning, one of our best abolitionists gave him three dollars, as a token of his entire satisfaction with his evening's work. After his sermon was done, ----— made some remarks— gave his hearty approval of the sentiments advanced, and came out tremendously against the pro-slavery clergy, &c. Said his spirit had been moved within him, during the week past, to hear the ministers of his own denomination denounced as a 'pack of cold-hearted infidels;' but,' he continued, 'in looking over their conduct, I find there is too much truth in the charge.' (Our correspondent proceeds to state, that Mr. Williams, after an interview with the pro-slavery priest, and at his request, gave another lecture— and adds:) (Our correspondent proceeds to state, that Mr. Williams, after an interview with the pro-slavery priest, and at his request, gave another lecture— and adds:) Such absurd and monstrous sentiments I never heard uttered before. He completely contradicted every word he said the evening before. He gave a history of the Rhode-Island war— abused the suffrage party— and pronounced a eulogy on the 'law and order' party in particular, and on all civil governments in general. He set up civil government as the GOD for us to bow down before, worship and serve. All who did not, were anarchists, jacobins, &c. Nothing had been done right in the anti-slavery cause. The labor and money spent were worse than thrown away. If it was so easy a matter to abolish slavery, why had not Garrison done it years before this? The truth was, great and mighty obstacles lay in the way, which [ ]we had no power to remove. 'Suppose,' said he, 'that all the ministers preach against slavery, and all the churches pass resolutions against it— could they free one slave? No! The only right way for us to do was to call town-meetings, and petition the legislatures of the States, &c. I never saw a man make himself so ridiculous before. His end and aim seemed to be, to gratify the clergy, and censure the abolitionists. Such absurd and monstrous sentiments I never heard uttered before. He completely contradicted every word he said the evening before. He gave a history of the Rhode-Island war— abused the suffrage party— and pronounced a eulogy on the 'law and order' party in particular, and on all civil governments in general. He set up civil government as the GOD for us to bow down before, worship and serve. All who did not, were anarchists, jacobins, &c. Nothing had been done right in the anti-slavery cause. The labor and money spent were worse than thrown away. If it was so easy a matter to abolish slavery, why had not Garrison done it years before this? The truth was, great and mighty obstacles lay in the way, which [ ]we had no power to remove. 'Suppose,' said he, 'that all the ministers preach against slavery, and all the churches pass resolutions against it— could they free one slave? No! The only right way for us to do was to call town-meetings, and petition the legislatures of the States, &c. I never saw a man make himself so ridiculous before. His end and aim seemed to be, to gratify the clergy, and censure the abolitionists. Yours, truly, Yours, truly, AN ABOLITIONIST. AN ABOLITIONIST. 

 Thomas Cole, Atkinson-street, has been appointed agent for the Mystery, a paper edited by G.R. Delaney, and published at Pittsburg, Pa. Thomas Cole, Atkinson-street, has been appointed agent for the Mystery, a paper edited by G.R. Delaney, and published at Pittsburg, Pa. Wm. C. Nell, 25, Cornhill, will receive subscriptions for the Weekly Elevator, of Philadelphia, and the Northern Star, of Albany. Wm. C. Nell, 25, Cornhill, will receive subscriptions for the Weekly Elevator, of Philadelphia, and the Northern Star, of Albany. 

 The annual meeting of the Rhode-Island Anti-Slavery Society commenced its sessions in Franklin Hall, November 8th, 1843. The exercises were commenced by a prayer by Sophia Little. The President not having arrived, the meeting, while awaiting his arrival, was occupied by a desultory discussion upon the following resolution, introduced by Enoch Mack, of Dover: The annual meeting of the Rhode-Island Anti-Slavery Society commenced its sessions in Franklin Hall, November 8th, 1843. The exercises were commenced by a prayer by Sophia Little. The President not having arrived, the meeting, while awaiting his arrival, was occupied by a desultory discussion upon the following resolution, introduced by Enoch Mack, of Dover: 1. Resolved, That the slave's friends are authorized to bring all the weight of the gospel, in its whole letter and spirit, against the practice of his enslaver— to demand, on the authority of the Bible, immediate, unconditional emancipation. 1. Resolved, That the slave's friends are authorized to bring all the weight of the gospel, in its whole letter and spirit, against the practice of his enslaver— to demand, on the authority of the Bible, immediate, unconditional emancipation. The discussion was continued by E. Mack, N.P. Rogers, W.L. Garrison, Sophia Little, Edward Buffum, Ray Potter, William Adams, and others, when Daniel Mitchell was appointed Chairman pro tem, and C.M. Burleigh was chosen Secretary. The annual report was read by the Secretary, and, on motion of Mr. Garrison, was accepted. It was afterward referred to the Executive Committee, for publication. The discussion was continued by E. Mack, N.P. Rogers, W.L. Garrison, Sophia Little, Edward Buffum, Ray Potter, William Adams, and others, when Daniel Mitchell was appointed Chairman pro tem pro tem , and C.M. Burleigh was chosen Secretary. The annual report was read by the Secretary, and, on motion of Mr. Garrison, was accepted. It was afterward referred to the Executive Committee, for publication. The Society then adjourned to 2 o'clock, P.M. The Society then adjourned to 2 o'clock, P.M. The Treasurer's report was read and accepted. The Treasurer's report was read and accepted. Mr. Mack's resolution was further discussed by Adams, Mack, and others, and adopted by the Society. Mr. Mack's resolution was further discussed by Adams, Mack, and others, and adopted by the Society. The following resolution was introduced by N.P. Rogers: The following resolution was introduced by N.P. Rogers: 2. Resolved, That the immediate and perpetual abolition of slavery is demanded at the hands of humanity, independently of all creeds, and all religions, and all authorities. 2. Resolved, That the immediate and perpetual abolition of slavery is demanded at the hands of humanity, independently of all creeds, and all religions, and all authorities. G.L. Clark, Asa Fairbanks, and Joseph T. Sisson, were appointed a Committee on Finance. G.L. Clark, Asa Fairbanks, and Joseph T. Sisson, were appointed a Committee on Finance. After some discussion on funds, and the necessities of the cause, the following Committee on nominations were appointed: Joseph T. Sisson, A. Wilkinson, Thomas Davis, G.L. Clark, Amarancy Paine, S.S. Ashley, Asa Fairbanks, Wm. H. Anthony. After some discussion on funds, and the necessities of the cause, the following Committee on nominations were appointed: Joseph T. Sisson, A. Wilkinson, Thomas Davis, G.L. Clark, Amarancy Paine, S.S. Ashley, Asa Fairbanks, Wm. H. Anthony. The following resolutions were introduced— No. 3 by Garrison, and the rest by Rogers; and were discussed at length by their movers, and Needham, Read, Thomas Davis, and others. The following resolutions were introduced— No. 3 by Garrison, and the rest by Rogers; and were discussed at length by their movers, and Needham, Read, Thomas Davis, and others. 3. Resolved, That slaveholding is an act so self-evidently and atrociously criminal, that the clergyman who does not denounce it, the church that does not excommunicate it, the statesman who does not repudiate it, the sect or party that does not assail it, the government that does not prohibit it, are utterly unworthy of countenance, support, or co-operation. 3. Resolved, That slaveholding is an act so self-evidently and atrociously criminal, that the clergyman who does not denounce it, the church that does not excommunicate it, the statesman who does not repudiate it, the sect or party that does not assail it, the government that does not prohibit it, are utterly unworthy of countenance, support, or co-operation. 4. Resolved, That the only consistent political position that can be taken against slavery, in this country, is the frank and stern position that the Constitution of the United States ought immediately to be abolished, and the Union dissolved. 4. Resolved, That the only consistent political position that can be taken against slavery, in this country, is the frank and stern position that the Constitution of the United States ought immediately to be abolished, and the Union dissolved. 5. Resolved, That the Liberty party, so called, in failing to take such position, and in seeking political power in a slaveholding Union, and under a pro-slavery Constitution, shows itself grossly inconsistent in its anti-slavery professions, and ought not to be recognized or fellowshipped as a portion of the anti-slavery movement. 5. Resolved, That the Liberty party, so called, in failing to take such position, and in seeking political power in a slaveholding Union, and under a pro-slavery Constitution, shows itself grossly inconsistent in its anti-slavery professions, and ought not to be recognized or fellowshipped as a portion of the anti-slavery movement. 6. Resolved, That genuine anti-slavery is a moral and peaceful movement, in its character and action, and that it therefore takes no political position, and adopts no political or military measures whatever for the accomplishment of its great objects. 6. Resolved, That genuine anti-slavery is a moral and peaceful movement, in its character and action, and that it therefore takes no political position, and adopts no political or military measures whatever for the accomplishment of its great objects. Mr. Hall offered a resolution requiring vocal prayer at the opening of each session, which the mover withdrew, after it had been discussed by himself, Rogers, Potter, Adams, and Sophia Little. The sentiment was very general that the Convention should adopt no forms, but be free to every one to speak or pray as he chose. Mr. Hall offered a resolution requiring vocal vocal prayer at the opening of each session, which the mover withdrew, after it had been discussed by himself, Rogers, Potter, Adams, and Sophia Little. The sentiment was very general that the Convention should adopt no forms forms , but be free free to every one to speak or pray pray as he chose. G.L. Clark made some remarks on the financial state of the Society. G.L. Clark made some remarks on the financial state of the Society. The Society adjourned to evening. The Society adjourned to evening. The Society met as adjourned. Dr. Clark, the President, took the chair. Mr. Rogers spoke on the importance of free speech to all reform. Benj. Arnold Jr., spoke against the resolutions 4 and 5, which censure the Liberty party. Origen Bachelor spoke against the resolution on the dissolution of the Union. Wm. L. Garrison spoke in favor of the resolution, and denounced the Union as unholy. He also read the glorious anti-slavery letter of Daniel O'Connell to the pro-slavery Repeal Association of Cincinnati, which had attempted to justify slavery, in a communication to the Irish Repealers. The discussion was continued by Bachelor, Rogers and Burleigh. The Society met as adjourned. Dr. Clark, the President, took the chair. Mr. Rogers spoke on the importance of free speech free speech to all reform. Benj. Arnold Jr., spoke against the resolutions 4 and 5, which censure the Liberty party. Origen Bachelor spoke against the resolution on the dissolution of the Union. Wm. L. Garrison spoke in favor of the resolution, and denounced the Union Union as unholy. He also read the glorious anti-slavery letter of Daniel O'Connell to the pro-slavery Repeal Association of Cincinnati, which had attempted to justify slavery, in a communication to the Irish Repealers. The discussion was continued by Bachelor, Rogers and Burleigh. The Society adjourned to 9 1-2 o'clock, Thursday morning. The Society adjourned to 9 1-2 o'clock, Thursday morning. The Society met as adjourned, Dr. Clark in the chair. N.P. Rogers offered a resolution relating to O'Connell's address, which was discussed by the mover, S.W. Wheeler, Thomas Davis, Garrison, Sophia Little, C.M. Burleigh, and others. After some slight amendments, it was passed as follows: The Society met as adjourned, Dr. Clark in the chair. N.P. Rogers offered a resolution relating to O'Connell's address, which was discussed by the mover, S.W. Wheeler, Thomas Davis, Garrison, Sophia Little, C.M. Burleigh, and others. After some slight amendments, it was passed as follows: 7. Resolved, That this Society heartily accords to Daniel O'Connell, and the Repealers of Ireland, thanks, in the name of humanity, for their mighty address to the craven pro-slavery Irish of Cincinnati, read last night to this meeting by William Lloyd Garrison; and we would send them back, in response, a heartfelt cheer in all their peaceful movements in behalf of their oppressed and down-trodden countrymen. 7. Resolved, That this Society heartily accords to Daniel O'Connell, and the Repealers of Ireland, thanks, in the name of humanity, for their mighty address to the craven pro-slavery Irish of Cincinnati, read last night to this meeting by William Lloyd Garrison; and we would send them back, in response, a heartfelt cheer in all their peaceful movements in behalf of their oppressed and down-trodden countrymen. This resolution passed unanimously, except one dissenting vote. This resolution passed unanimously, except one dissenting vote. The Committee on nominations reported a list of officers for the ensuing year, which was accepted and adopted as follows: The Committee on nominations reported a list of officers for the ensuing year, which was accepted and adopted as follows: President— Dr. Peleg Clark. President President — Dr. Peleg Clark. Vice-Presidents— Jethro F. Mitchell, John Brown, Asa Fairbanks, Charles Perry, Caleb Kilton, C.C. Dexter, Geo. J. Adams, Philip Wilbour, Jos. T. Sisson. Vice-Presidents Vice-Presidents — Jethro F. Mitchell, John Brown, Asa Fairbanks, Charles Perry, Caleb Kilton, C.C. Dexter, Geo. J. Adams, Philip Wilbour, Jos. T. Sisson. Secretary— Amarancy Paine. Secretary Secretary — Amarancy Paine. Treasurer— Martin Robinson. Treasurer Treasurer — Martin Robinson. Auditor— G.L. Clark. Auditor Auditor — G.L. Clark. Executive Committee— Wm. Chace, A.R. Janes, Asa Fairbanks, S.W. Wheeler, John L. Clark, Mrs. David Foster, Geo. L. Clark, Daniel Mitchell, Wm. Adams, Susan Sisson, Joseph T. Sisson, Amarancy Paine, Wm. Aplin, Geo. C. Wyllys, Abby Burgess. Executive Committee Executive Committee — Wm. Chace, A.R. Janes, Asa Fairbanks, S.W. Wheeler, John L. Clark, Mrs. David Foster, Geo. L. Clark, Daniel Mitchell, Wm. Adams, Susan Sisson, Joseph T. Sisson, Amarancy Paine, Wm. Aplin, Geo. C. Wyllys, Abby Burgess. The following resolution was introduced by Geo. L. Clark, to ascertain the feeling of the Society in reference to operations for the coming year. The following resolution was introduced by Geo. L. Clark, to ascertain the feeling of the Society in reference to operations for the coming year. 8. Resolved, That, owing to the difficulties by which the operations in this State have been encumbered, and the anti-slavery office has been sustained, the Executive Committee are hereby authorized to suspend all operations, and close the office for the coming year. 8. Resolved, That, owing to the difficulties by which the operations in this State have been encumbered, and the anti-slavery office has been sustained, the Executive Committee are hereby authorized to suspend all operations, and close the office for the coming year. This resolution was discussed by Garrison, J.T. Sisson, Wm. Wentworth, and Rogers. The remarks took a wide range, embracing the measures which the Society would pursue. This resolution was discussed by Garrison, J.T. Sisson, Wm. Wentworth, and Rogers. The remarks took a wide range, embracing the measures which the Society would pursue. Adjourned to 2 o'clock, P.M. Adjourned to 2 o'clock, P.M. Dr. Clark in the chair. Dr. Clark in the chair. The discussion was continued on resolution No. 8, by Rogers, Gardner, Dean, Wm. Adams, Bachelor, Garrison, and C.M. Burleigh. The discussion was continued on resolution No. 8, by Rogers, Gardner, Dean, Wm. Adams, Bachelor, Garrison, and C.M. Burleigh. On motion of Mr. Chace, the resolution was indefinitely postponed. On motion of Mr. Chace, the resolution was indefinitely postponed. Nathaniel P. Rogers introduced the following resolution, which was discussed by Rogers, Bachelor, Wilkinson, Garrison, and others: Nathaniel P. Rogers introduced the following resolution, which was discussed by Rogers, Bachelor, Wilkinson, Garrison, and others: 9. Resolved, That while we regard with approval and admiration the course of Daniel O'Connell in behalf of Ireland, and of oppressed humanity throughout the world, we have witnessed with surprise, extreme regret, and not without indignation, his late attack, at a Repeal meeting in Dublin, upon the name and character of our beloved coadjutor and pioneer, William Lloyd Garrison, and through him upon the abolitionists of the country with whom he is associated; an attack we are constrained to pronounce wholly unwarranted, and altogether unworthy any generous, just, or free spirit. 9. Resolved, That while we regard with approval and admiration the course of Daniel O'Connell in behalf of Ireland, and of oppressed humanity throughout the world, we have witnessed with surprise, extreme regret, and not without indignation, his late attack, at a Repeal meeting in Dublin, upon the name and character of our beloved coadjutor and pioneer, William Lloyd Garrison, and through him upon the abolitionists of the country with whom he is associated; an attack we are constrained to pronounce wholly unwarranted, and altogether unworthy any generous, just, or free spirit. This resolution passed with one dissenting vote. This resolution passed with one one dissenting vote. Remarks were made by C.M. Burleigh on the pro-slavery laws, and petitions for their repeal. Remarks were made by C.M. Burleigh on the pro-slavery laws, and petitions for their repeal. Adjourned to half-past six o'clock, P.M  Adjourned to half-past six o'clock, P.M The Society met as adjourned. The Society met as adjourned. C.M. Burleigh introduced the following resolution, which, after an animated discussion, was adopted unanimously:  C.M. Burleigh introduced the following resolution, which, after an animated discussion, was adopted unanimously: . . . . . . 

 The lecture on Tuesday evening, Dec. 5th, will be delivered by Dr. J.V.C. Smith. The lecture on Tuesday evening, Dec. 5th, will be delivered by Dr. J.V.C. Smith. Subject— The functions of respiration and philosophy of Voice. Subject— The functions of respiration and philosophy of Voice. To commence at 8 o'clock, precisely. To commence at 8 o'clock, precisely. The Elocution Class will meet for practice at 7 o'clock. The Elocution Class will meet for practice at 7 o'clock. CHAS. A. BATTISTE, Sec. CHAS. A. BATTISTE, Sec. Sec. Boston, Dec. 1, 1843. Boston, Dec. 1, 1843. 

 Nothing can more signally demonstrate the absolute mastery of the slaveholding power over the nation— its utter disregard of all constitutional provisions and legal proceedings— than the well-grounded fears that are now widely entertained, that a desperate effort will be made, at the approaching session of Congress, to annex Texas to the United States. The danger is felt to be imminent, and the northern press is beginning to speak out in thunder-tones against suicidal an act. It is confidently expected that the President will devote a considerable portion of his message to this subject, boldly in favor of annexation; but as all surmise on this point will in a few days be matter of certainty, by the delivery of the message to Congress, it is unnecessary to deal in speculation. Nothing can more signally demonstrate the absolute mastery of the slaveholding power over the nation— its utter disregard of all constitutional provisions and legal proceedings— than the well-grounded fears that are now widely entertained, that a desperate effort will be made, at the approaching session of Congress, to annex Texas to the United States. The danger is felt to be imminent, and the northern press is beginning to speak out in thunder-tones against suicidal an act. It is confidently expected that the President will devote a considerable portion of his message to this subject, boldly in favor of annexation; but as all surmise on this point will in a few days be matter of certainty, by the delivery of the message to Congress, it is unnecessary to deal in speculation. What is the position of Texas? It is either a province in a state of rebellion against the Mexican government, or an independent republic. It claims to be the latter, but Mexico asserts it to be the former. As a rebellious province, would it be for the safety, interest or honor of the American Union to incorporate it into the family of States— NOT FREE, BUT SLAVE STATES? But if there were no special danger ding such a step, where is the constitutional power to take it? As an independent republic, it can no more be lawfully annexed to the United States than Great Britain, France, or China. There is not 'the shadow of a shade' of any authority vested either in Congress or in the Executive to propose or accept such an alliance. It would be just as constitutional for either of those bodies to establish a monarchy, or to do any other treasonable or lawless act. This every intelligent member of the republic knows, and none more certainly than the slaveholders of the South. What is the position of Texas? It is either a province in a state of rebellion against the Mexican government, or an independent republic. It claims to be the latter, but Mexico asserts it to be the former. As a rebellious province, would it be for the safety, interest or honor of the American Union to incorporate it into the family of States— NOT FREE, BUT SLAVE STATES? But if there were no special danger ding such a step, where is the constitutional power to take it? As an independent republic, it can no more be lawfully annexed to the United States than Great Britain, France, or China. There is not 'the shadow of a shade' of any authority vested either in Congress or in the Executive to propose or accept such an alliance. It would be just as constitutional for either of those bodies to establish a monarchy, or to do any other treasonable or lawless act. This every intelligent member of the republic knows, and none more certainly than the slaveholders of the South. Plain, however, as all this is, still men's hearts are failing them for fear of what may shortly come to pass. As opposed to the will of the slaveholding power, the boasted Constitution of America is seen to be nothing better than 'a blurred and tattered parchment.' It can give no protection to liberty; it can interpose no barrier to the march of slavery; it has within itself no vitality. Plain, however, as all this is, still men's hearts are failing them for fear of what may shortly come to pass. As opposed to the will of the slaveholding power, the boasted Constitution of America is seen to be nothing better than 'a blurred and tattered parchment.' It can give no protection to liberty; it can interpose no barrier to the march of slavery; it has within itself no vitality. Annex Texas, and what will follow? Every State that goes for the measure will be guilty of trampling the compact under foot. Every State that records its vote against it will be constitutionally released from all obligations to remain in the Union. It will be a dismemberment of the republic. Annex Texas, and what will follow? Every State that goes for the measure will be guilty of trampling the compact under foot. Every State that records its vote against it will be constitutionally released from all obligations to remain in the Union. It will be a dismemberment of the republic. In the opinion of the intelligent editor of the New-York Tribune, there is not the slightest probability of this project for annexation meeting with success. Perhaps not; but, supporting as he does an incorrigible slaveholder for the Presidency of the United States in the person of Henry Clay, and blinded as he obviously is to the subtlety of the demon of Slavery, his opinion on this subject is not entitled to much weight. Even if his hopeful surmises should prove true, we earnestly raise the inquiry, is it compatible with a jealous watchfulness for the safety and prosperity of the republic to cry at this hour, 'All's well!' What seemed more improbable, even up to the very day, almost to the very hour when the deed was done in the gloom of midnight, than the recognition of the independence of Texas? Shall we learn nothing from the past? Have we no reason to apprehend that the annexation of that stolen territory will be secured in the same stealthy manner? In the opinion of the intelligent editor of the New-York Tribune, there is not the slightest probability of this project for annexation meeting with success. Perhaps not; but, supporting as he does an incorrigible slaveholder for the Presidency of the United States in the person of Henry Clay, and blinded as he obviously is to the subtlety of the demon of Slavery, his opinion on this subject is not entitled to much weight. Even if his hopeful surmises should prove true, we earnestly raise the inquiry, is it compatible with a jealous watchfulness for the safety and prosperity of the republic to cry at this hour, 'All's well!' What seemed more improbable, even up to the very day, almost to the very hour when the deed was done in the gloom of midnight, than the recognition of the independence of Texas? Shall we learn nothing from the past? Have we no reason to apprehend that the annexation of that stolen territory will be secured in the same stealthy manner? True, northern votes preponderate in the scale; but with what certainty can they be relied on? Can they not be bought? and will not slavery hold out splendid bribes to accomplish its grand purpose— to wit, its own renovation and perpetuity? Are not politicians generally, like strumpets, at all times in the market for prostitution? How was Missouri admitted into the Union as a slave State— by Northern or Southern votes? It was deemed impossible, before it was consummated, that the dreadful precedent could be tolerated of multiplying new slave States to be added to the original number; but who now startles at any thing that is done by Congress in accordance with that precedent? True, northern votes preponderate in the scale; but with what certainty can they be relied on? Can they not be bought? and will not slavery hold out splendid bribes to accomplish its grand purpose— to wit, its own renovation and perpetuity? Are not politicians generally, like strumpets, at all times in the market for prostitution? How was Missouri admitted into the into the Union as a slave State— by Northern or Southern votes? It was deemed impossible, before it was consummated, that the dreadful precedent could be tolerated of multiplying new slave States to be added to the original number; but who now startles at any thing that is done by Congress in accordance with that precedent? The danger of Texan annexation cannot be overrated, and a note of remonstrance cannot be too early or too loudly raised against it by the press and the people. It is conceded, on all hands, that a very perceptible change is somewhat rapidly going on in the country, in opposition to slavery, and that the last chance for the South to acquire Texas will in all probably be presented at the ensuing session of Congress. Is there no reason, then, to expect a tremendous conflict? Has the South forgotten how to wheedle, how to bully, or how to apply the lash of overseerism to Northern backs? Has the day gone by for Northern doughfaces' to be found in the Capitol, ready to be moulded into any shape that southern taskmasters may fancy? Appealing to its past history, may not the inquiry be at all times, and especially at the present alarming crisis, gravely raised as to the proceeding of Congress— 'Who can tell what a day will bring forth?' The danger of Texan annexation cannot be overrated, and a note of remonstrance cannot be too early or too loudly raised against it by the press and the people. It is conceded, on all hands, that a very perceptible change is somewhat rapidly going on in the country, in opposition to slavery, and that the last chance for the South to acquire Texas will in all probably be presented at the ensuing session of Congress. Is there no reason, then, to expect a tremendous conflict? Has the South forgotten how to wheedle, how to bully, or how to apply the lash of overseerism to Northern backs? Has the day gone by for Northern doughfaces' to be found in the Capitol, ready to be moulded into any shape that southern taskmasters may fancy? Appealing to its past history, may not the inquiry be at all times, and especially at the present alarming crisis, gravely raised as to the proceeding of Congress— 'Who can tell what a day will bring forth?' For more than twenty years, the South has been warily plotting to dismember Texas from Mexico. She has toiled early and late— she has expended large sums of money— she has furnished ammunition and men— a order to open a market for her surplus slaves, to extend her territory, to give her an overwhelming supremacy in the councils of the nation, to make her lave system impregnable, and to put far away the day of emancipation. Nay, it was by her robber-arm and treacherous invasion that Texas was wrested from Mexico, and made independent. And after having suffered done so much, is she at last to be baffled- at least without a struggle fierce and long— especially when her slaveholding existence is at stake? 'Nous verrons.' For more than twenty years, the South has been warily plotting to dismember Texas from Mexico. She has toiled early and late— she has expended large sums of money— she has furnished ammunition and men— a order to open a market for her surplus slaves, to extend her territory, to give her an overwhelming supremacy in the councils of the nation, to make her lave system impregnable, and to put far away the day of emancipation. Nay, it was by her robber-arm and treacherous invasion that Texas was wrested from Mexico, and made independent. And after having suffered done so much, is she at last to be baffled- at least without a struggle fierce and long— especially when her slaveholding existence is at stake? 'Nous verrons.' 'Nous verrons.' This nation is at a low ebb on the score of virtue; but in 'the lowest depth' of corruption there is still 'a lower deep,' and that is to be found in Texas, whose moral contamination by contact is to be infinitely more dreaded than the Asiatic cholera. All are not villains who have gone thither; all are not the basest of the human race who reside on its soil; but the exceptions, like angels' visits, are 'few and far between.' It is enough to make every virtuous heart shudder with horror to think of such a population being added to our own, under circumstances that would indicate the blackest form of depravity on the part of the American people. This nation is at a low ebb on the score of virtue; but in 'the lowest depth' of corruption there is still 'a lower deep,' and that is to be found in Texas, whose moral contamination by contact is to be infinitely more dreaded than the Asiatic cholera. All are not villains who have gone thither; all are not the basest of the human race who reside on its soil; but the exceptions, like angels' visits, are 'few and far between.' It is enough to make every virtuous heart shudder with horror to think of such a population being added to our own, under circumstances that would indicate the blackest form of depravity on the part of the American people. Confident as the South doubtless is of success, it is not too late to make such a demonstration of public opinion at the North as shall overawe and drive her back from her nefarious purpose— or, what will be equally efficacious, infuse courage and fidelity to the cause of liberty into the bosoms of North and representatives, so that they will be enabled to stand in the trial-hour. This is no party matter, and let infamy rest on those who will try to make it such! New-Englanders! people of the free States! buckle on your armor for the mighty conflict, not as Whigs or as Democrats, but as the friends of liberty— as those who have made up their minds never again to 'bend the knee to the dark spirit of slavery' as those whose political rights and dearest interests are at stake! The alarm bell has sounded— the advancing- ho! to the rescue! With a force numerically superior— with a cause just and holy— with the strongest motives to induce you to take prompt and decisive action— will you basely shrink from the conflict with the spirit of slaves? Confident as the South doubtless is of success, it is not too late to make such a demonstration of public opinion at the North as shall overawe and drive her back from her nefarious purpose— or, what will be equally efficacious, infuse courage and fidelity to the cause of liberty into the bosoms of North and representatives, so that they will be enabled to stand in the trial-hour. This is no party matter, and let infamy rest on those who will try to make it such! New-Englanders! people of the free States! buckle on your armor for the mighty conflict, not as Whigs or as Democrats, but as the friends of liberty— as those who have made up their minds never again to 'bend the knee to the dark spirit of slavery' as those whose political rights and dearest interests are at stake! The alarm bell has sounded— the advancing- ho! to the rescue! With a force numerically superior— with a cause just and holy— with the strongest motives to induce you to take prompt and decisive action— will you basely shrink from the conflict with the spirit of slaves? A solemn duty devolves on the conductors of the public press in this emergency. If they will faithfully discharge that duty, Texas will knock at the door of the Union in vain for admission. Let the columns of their journals, whether religious or political, evince how zealous they are in the cause of freedom, and against the encroachments of the slaveholding power. There are times when silence is all that despotism needs to effectuate its designs. Let them say, emphatically, 'Texas shall not be annexed,' and all the people will give need to their potential voice, and exclaim 'Amen!' A solemn duty devolves on the conductors of the public press in this emergency. If they will faithfully discharge that duty, Texas will knock at the door of the Union in vain for admission. Let the columns of their journals, whether religious or political, evince how zealous they are in the cause of freedom, and against the encroachments of the slaveholding power. There are times when silence is all that despotism needs to effectuate its designs. Let them say, emphatically, 'Texas shall not be annexed,' and all the people will give need to their potential voice, and exclaim 'Amen!' The South really dreads, and has just cause to dread, nothing so much as a dissolution of the Union, notwithstanding she has so often blusteringly threatened to secede. Whether Texas be annexed to it, or not, we are for that dissolution now; but the universal cry should be, and the South should be given to understand will be, in all the free States, certainly in all New-England, if the proposition for annexation be strenuously urged, 'Keep Texas out, or the bond of the Union shall be as a rope of sand!' The South really dreads, and has just cause to dread, nothing so much as a dissolution of the Union, notwithstanding she has so often blusteringly threatened to secede. Whether Texas be annexed to it, or not, we are for that dissolution now; but the universal cry should be, and the South should be given to understand will be, in all the free States, certainly in all New-England, if the proposition for annexation be strenuously urged, 'Keep Texas out, or the bond of the Union shall be as a rope of sand!' Should the President in his message advocate this measure, we think there ought to be a State Convention held in every free State without delay, without distinction of names or parties, to pretest against it in the name of the people, and in a voice of thunder.— The Old Cradle of Liberty should be the first to rock with excitement on the subject, and Bostonians to take the lead in setting the ball in motion. Should the President in his message advocate this measure, we think there ought to be a State Convention held in every free State without delay, without distinction of names or parties, to pretest against it in the name of the people, and in a voice of thunder.— The Old Cradle of Liberty should be the first to rock with excitement on the subject, and Bostonians to take the lead in setting the ball in motion. 

 DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: Many of your readers are doubtless aware, that the friends of Social Reform have selected a location in this place, for the establishment of a Community of property and interest, to the end, that a demonstration of the true condition of man may be made. Rejecting the hoary dogma of man's natural depravity, we assert that human nature is pure, noble, divine— that man is the victim of false relations— that the miseries, wrongs and outrages which he both suffers from and inflicts upon his neighbor, proceed not from a love of suffering and contention, but, on the contrary, from ignorance and inexperience; and, therefore, that Wisdom should be his only teacher, Love his only governor, and Truth his only Saviour— that human rights are equal the world around— that the earth and its products are the common property of the race— that all buying and selling are monstrous falsehoods— that all sects and parties, civil or ecclesiastical, priests and politicians, churches and governments, are monstrosities of ignorance, superstition and bigotry— that bodily, mental and social disease is the effect of a violation of law, and their only remedy is obedience to that law. Many of your readers are doubtless aware, that the friends of Social Reform have selected a location in this place, for the establishment of a Community of property and interest, to the end, that a demonstration of the true condition of man may be made. Rejecting the hoary dogma of man's natural depravity, we assert that human nature is pure, noble, divine— that man is the victim of false relations— that the miseries, wrongs and outrages which he both suffers from and inflicts upon his neighbor, proceed not from a love of suffering and contention, but, on the contrary, from ignorance and inexperience; and, therefore, that Wisdom should be his only teacher, Love his only governor, and Truth his only Saviour— that human rights are equal the world around— that the earth and its products are the common property of the race— that all buying and selling are monstrous falsehoods— that all sects and parties, civil or ecclesiastical, priests and politicians, churches and governments, are monstrosities of ignorance, superstition and bigotry— that bodily, mental and social disease is the effect of a violation of law, and their only remedy is obedience to that law. To disseminate light and truth upon all the preceding points; to place ourselves in a condition for progressive improvement in the truthful, the beautiful, and the good; and to give efficiency to our own efforts, for changing man's present false relations for true ones, the world over, between fifty and sixty persons are upon the premises, busily engaged in labors preparatory to more extensive operations. To disseminate light and truth upon all the preceding points; to place ourselves in a condition for progressive improvement in the truthful, the beautiful, and the good; and to give efficiency to our own efforts, for changing man's present false relations for true ones, the world over, between fifty and sixty persons are upon the premises, busily engaged in labors preparatory to more extensive operations. In order to put themselves more directly in communication with the public, and to have their principles and measures better understood, the friends have concluded to issue a new paper as often as the interest of the cause shall demand, and means shall be secured. In order to put themselves more directly in communication with the public, and to have their principles and measures better understood, the friends have concluded to issue a new paper as often as the interest of the cause shall demand, and means shall be secured. It will not be necessary to say that 'The Communitist' will be a free journal, to advocate the claims of humanity, upon the most broad and universal sense. The terms of the paper will be, 'Without money and without price.' It will not be necessary to say that 'The Communitist' will be a free journal, to advocate the claims of humanity, upon the most broad and universal sense. The terms of the paper will be, 'Without money and without price.' All who desire the paper forwarded to them, are requested to send their address to the subscribers, Mottville, Onondaga Co. N.Y. Postage should always be paid. All who desire the paper forwarded to them, are requested to send their address to the subscribers, Mottville, Onondaga Co. N.Y. Postage should always be paid. JOHN A. COLLINS, JOHN A. COLLINS, JOSEPH A. WHITMARSH, JOSEPH A. WHITMARSH, JOHN ORVIS, JOHN ORVIS, GEORGE PRIOR. GEORGE PRIOR. 

 The reader will find grouped together on the last page of our present number, various articles touching human government and capital punishment. The first is from the Boston Trumpet, expressive of the consternation which the editor of that paper feels at the following common-sense interrogation of 'bro. Charles Spear,' to wit— 'What right have a certain number of men to associate together, and call themselves judges and lawyers, and compel a man to come before them?' This, Mr. Whittemore calls 'radicalism,' as if going to the root of the matter was a crime— as if the invidious use of an excellent though unpopular world was a sound argument! But he says it 'levels our courts, judges, jurors and all, at a single blow!' Perhaps it does— but is this answering the inquiry? No matter what is levelled, if truth and right give the blow. It is much more easy to assume, than it is to prove, that 'courts, judges, jurors and all,' are in accordance with the teachings and example of Christ, and with the nature of that kingdom which is to dash in pieces and consume all other kingdoms. But the editor of the Trumpet asks with an air of triumph, though really in a quibbling spirit— 'Does he suppose our courts are self-constituted? Does he not know, that it is by the will of the people that these offices are made?' Certainly, Mr. Spear knows all about it! But where did 'the people' get this right? 'The will of the people'— is that the will of God? Is it true that Vox populi, Vox Dei? Can the people do no wrong— especially when a large majority of them, who make the appointments alluded to, are confessedly in their sins, and hostile to the Divine government? Even the 'Legislature' must then go by the board, says Mr. Whittemore. He has had the honor of a seat in that christian body, and probably is looking again to be invested with a little brief authority; and it is therefore perfectly natural that he should 'utterly dissent' from the views of his bro. Spear. It was a pertinent question propounded by the Messiah eighteen hundred years ago, to all unbelievers and office-seekers, 'How can ye believe, who receive honor one of another?' And some said in his day, 'If we let this man alone, the Romans will come, and take away our place and nation'— and, judging from the alarm manifested in his article, Mr. W. appears to be in a similar state of mind. The reader will find grouped together on the last page of our present number, various articles touching human government and capital punishment. The first is from the Boston Trumpet, expressive of the consternation which the editor of that paper feels at the following common-sense interrogation of 'bro. Charles Spear,' to wit— 'What right have a certain number of men to associate together, and call themselves judges and lawyers, and compel a man to come before them?' This, Mr. Whittemore calls 'radicalism,' as if going to the root of the matter was a crime— as if the invidious use of an excellent though unpopular world was a sound argument! But he says it 'levels our courts, judges, jurors and all, at a single blow!' Perhaps it does— but is this answering the inquiry? No matter what is levelled, if truth and right give the blow. It is much more easy to assume, than it is to prove, that 'courts, judges, jurors and all,' are in accordance with the teachings and example of Christ, and with the nature of that kingdom which is to dash in pieces and consume all other kingdoms. But the editor of the Trumpet asks with an air of triumph, though really in a quibbling spirit— 'Does he suppose our courts are self self -constituted? Does he not know, that it is by the will of the people the people that these offices are made?' Certainly, Mr. Spear knows all about it! But where did 'the people' get this right? 'The will of the people'— is that the will of God? Is it true that Vox populi, Vox Dei? Vox populi, Vox Dei? Can the people do no wrong— especially when a large majority of them, who make the appointments alluded to, are confessedly in their sins, and hostile to the Divine government? Even the 'Legislature' must then go by the board, says Mr. Whittemore. He has had the honor honor of a seat in that christian christian body, and probably is looking again to be invested with a little brief authority; and it is therefore perfectly natural that he should 'utterly dissent' from the views of his bro. Spear. It was a pertinent question propounded by the Messiah eighteen hundred years ago, to all unbelievers and office-seekers, 'How can ye believe, who receive honor one of another? honor one of another? ' And some said in his day, 'If we let this man alone, the Romans will come, and take away our place and nation'— and, judging from the alarm manifested in his article, Mr. W. appears to be in a similar state of mind. Mr. Spear says, 'God alone is our true judge.' To which Mr. W. adds— 'In one sense, this may be true.' May be— it is possible, but not certain, that it is true 'in one sense'! He then refers to the 'Hebrew commonwealth,' and says 'we are expressly assured that God was with the judges in the judgment.' So we are assured that, in that commonwealth, God was with Moses in ordering a man to be stoned to death for picking up chips on the Sabbath day— in not allowing a witch to live— in putting to death a brother, son, daughter, wife, or friend, who should secretly entice another into idolatry— in stoning to death a damsel who did not prove to be a virgin at marriage— in exterminating without mercy the Canaanites— &c. &c.; but what does all this prove? Are any of these things to be tolerated now? What have they to do with the 'Hebrew commonwealth,' (any more than the living with the dead,) who profess to know nothing save 'Jesus Christ, and him crucified'? The confident manner in which the editor of the Trumpet refers to the Mosaic dispensation is precisely like that which the Pharisees displayed in the case of the blind man whose sight Jesus had restored. 'Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples. We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.' Mr. Spear says, 'God alone is our true judge.' To which Mr. W. adds— 'In one sense, this may be true.' May be May be — it is possible possible , but not certain certain , that it is true 'in one sense'! He then refers to the 'Hebrew commonwealth,' and says 'we are expressly assured that God was with the judges in the judgment.' So we are assured that, in that commonwealth, God was with Moses in ordering a man to be stoned to death for picking up chips on the Sabbath day— in not allowing a witch to live— in putting to death a brother, son, daughter, wife, or friend, who should secretly entice another into idolatry— in stoning to death a damsel who did not prove to be a virgin at marriage— in exterminating without mercy the Canaanites— &c. &c.; but what does all this prove? Are any of these things to be tolerated now? What have they to do with the 'Hebrew commonwealth,' (any more than the living with the dead,) who profess to know nothing save 'Jesus Christ, and him crucified'? The confident manner in which the editor of the Trumpet refers to the Mosaic dispensation is precisely like that which the Pharisees displayed in the case of the blind man whose sight Jesus had restored. 'Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples. are Moses' disciples. We know that God spake unto Moses: God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.' But 'God himself has not hesitated to employ human governments, as subordinate branches of his own administration.' So he has employed the basest of men to accomplish his purpose, in a providential sense. But 'God himself has not hesitated to employ human governments, as subordinate branches of his own administration.' So he has employed the basest of men to accomplish his purpose, in a providential sense. But 'Jesus respected (!) the government under which he lived. He was no disorganizer.' O no! not he. He was in very good repute— very much esteemed, especially by the priesthood and the officers of government— kept the very best company— and created no alarm whatever in the breasts of 'the powers that were,' civil and ecclesiastical! 'And they took up stones to stone him.' 'And they said, he hath a devil.' 'And they cried out all at once, saying, Away with this man, and release unto us Barabbas.' 'Then were there two thieves crucified with him; one on the right hand, and another on the left.' 'And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Cesar, saying, That he himself is Christ, a king.' 'And they were the more fierce, saying, He stirreth up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry,' 'And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him; but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Cesar's friend. Whosoever maketh himself a king, speaketh against Cesar.' All these passages clearly demonstrate that Jesus was not regarded as a 'disorganizer,' but as a very rational and discreet personage! Moreover, his instructions to his disciples showed that he expected they would move quietly and smoothly along:— 'Blessed are ye when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake. Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy.' 'If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?' 'They will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues. And ye shall be brought before GOVERNORS and KINGS, for my sake, for a testimony AGAINST THEM and the Gentiles. And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake!' And that he was in spirit no 'disorganizer' is also apparent from the following declaration:— 'Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division: For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three. The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother,' &c. And when there was a strife among his disciples, which of them should be accounted the greatest, to stimulate them to seek places of religious and political power he said— 'The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority upon them are called BENEFACTORS.— But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, 1st him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve. I appoint unto you a kingdom,' &c. (As to the nature of that kingdom, and what it is designed to accomplish, see Daniel ii. 44; vi. 27.) But 'Jesus respected (!) the government under which he lived. He was no disorganizer.' O no! not he. He was in very good repute— very much esteemed, especially by the priesthood and the officers of government— kept the very best company— and created no alarm whatever in the breasts of 'the powers that were were ,' civil and ecclesiastical! 'And they took up stones to stone him.' 'And they said, he hath a devil.' 'And they cried out all at once, saying, Away with this man, and release unto us Barabbas.' 'Then were there two thieves crucified with him; one on the right hand, and another on the left.' 'And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Cesar, saying, That he himself is Christ, a king.' 'And they were the more fierce, saying, He stirreth up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry,' 'And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him; but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Cesar's friend. Whosoever maketh himself a king, speaketh against Cesar.' All these passages clearly demonstrate that Jesus was not regarded as a 'disorganizer,' but as a very rational and discreet personage! Moreover, his instructions to his disciples showed that he expected they would move quietly and smoothly along:— 'Blessed are ye when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake. Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy.' 'If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?' 'They will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues. And ye shall be brought before GOVERNORS and KINGS, for my sake, for a testimony AGAINST THEM and the Gentiles. And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake!' And that he was in spirit no 'disorganizer' is also apparent from the following declaration:— 'Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division: For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three. The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother,' &c. And when there was a strife among his disciples, which of them should be accounted the greatest, to stimulate them to seek places of religious and political power he said— 'The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority upon them are called called BENEFACTORS.— But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, 1st him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve. I appoint unto you a kingdom I appoint unto you a kingdom ,' &c. (As to the nature of that kingdom, and what it is designed to accomplish, see Daniel ii. 44; vi. 27.) 'We would recommend bro. Spear to take a lesson of Paul,' says Mr. Whittemore; and than he quotes those passages in Romans, 13th, ch., which the advocates of the divine right of kings, and of absolute despotism, have always paraded in defence of their favorite views. 'The powers that be are ordained of God,' says Paul. 'All governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed,' say the American people. 'Submit yourself to every ordinance of an, for the Lord's sake,' says Peter, 'whether it be to the king as supreme,' &c. 'We will do no such thing,' say the American people, including the democratic editor of the Trumpet. 'What! submit to taxation without representation! submit to the Stamp act, Boston port bill, and all! No, Paul— no, Peter— saints though you be, inspired though you be, if you mean all that, then you are old tories, and deserve a coat of tar and feathers. Hurra for independence! Liberty or death! All men are created equal! Honor the king, forsooth! Our fathers ought to have honored that old tyrant, George the 3d, and his nefarious prime minister, Lord North— had they? A monarchy is all right— is it? Bunker Hill, and Lexington, and Yorktown, and Monmouth, witnessed impious outbreaks against a divine government— did they? Washington, and Hancock, and Otis, and Adams, were rebels against God, and traitors to His Majesty, the king of Great Britain, &c.— were they?' O, wo to those priestly expositors, who 'We would recommend bro. Spear to take a lesson of Paul,' says Mr. Whittemore; and than he quotes those passages in Romans, 13th, ch., which the advocates of the divine right of kings, and of absolute despotism, have always paraded in defence of their favorite views. 'The powers that be are ordained of God,' says Paul. 'All governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed,' say the American people. 'Submit yourself to every ordinance of an, for the Lord's sake,' says Peter, 'whether it be to the king as supreme,' &c. 'We will do no such thing,' say the American people, including the democratic editor of the Trumpet. 'What! submit to taxation without representation! submit to the Stamp act, Boston port bill, and all! No, Paul— no, Peter— saints though you be, inspired though you be, if you mean all that, then you are old tories, and deserve a coat of tar and feathers. Hurra for independence! Liberty or death! All men are created equal! Honor the king Honor the king , forsooth! Our fathers ought to have honored that old tyrant, George the 3d, and his nefarious prime minister, Lord North— had they? A monarchy is all right— is it? Bunker Hill, and Lexington, and Yorktown, and Monmouth, witnessed impious outbreaks against a divine government— did they? Washington, and Hancock, and Otis, and Adams, were rebels against God, and traitors to His Majesty, the king of Great Britain, &c.— were they?' O, wo to those priestly expositors, who 'Torture the pages of the hallowed Bible,To sanction crime, and robbery, and blood,And in Oppression's hateful service libelBoth man and God!' 'Torture the pages of the hallowed Bible,To sanction crime, and robbery, and blood,And in Oppression's hateful service libelBoth man and God!'    Nothing can be more impudent, or more inconsistent, than for an American democrat, who glories in the revolutionary war, and denounces every other but a republican government, to quote Paul or Peter as sustaining the divine right of kings to rule, and of every form of civil government, however despotic, on earth. Be it observed, that Paul and Peter are always summoned on such occasions to sanction those things which are palpably corrupt and unequal— to uphold 'all rule, and all authority and power,' which Christ has come expressly to 'put down'— to repudiate that kingdom 'which shall never be destroyed, but shall break in pieces and consume all other kingdoms.' The passage, 'The powers that be,' &c. will apply as truly to the diabolical governments of the slaveholding States as to any other— for Paul makes no exception in his declaration; and with those governments we know that the editor of the Trumpet has no controversy. He has done nothing to aid the anti-slavery movement, but much to obstruct its progress. What cares he that three millions of his countrymen are held in chains as slaves? It is by divine appointment!— 'The powers that be are ordained of God'! Nothing can be more impudent, or more inconsistent, than for an American democrat, who glories in the revolutionary war, and denounces every other but a republican government, to quote Paul or Peter as sustaining the divine right of kings to rule, and of every form of civil government, however despotic, on earth. Be it observed, that Paul and Peter are always summoned on such occasions to sanction those things which are palpably corrupt and unequal— to uphold 'all rule, and all authority and power,' which Christ has come expressly to 'put down'— to repudiate that kingdom 'which shall never be destroyed, but shall break in pieces and consume all other kingdoms.' The passage, 'The powers that be,' &c. will apply as truly to the diabolical governments of the slaveholding States as to any other— for Paul makes no exception in his declaration; and with those governments we know that the editor of the Trumpet has no controversy. He has done nothing to aid the anti-slavery movement, but much to obstruct its progress. What cares he that three millions of his countrymen are held in chains as slaves? It is by divine appointment!— 'The powers that be are ordained of God'! But here is the climax of priestly absurdity:— 'We beseech our brother not to lend his influence to such demoralizing and revolutionary views as he has put forth. . . If such is the spirit he carries to the prisons he visits, we certainly think he has mistaken his duty; and if that spirit were infused into the prisoners, it must lead to open rebellion, and perhaps to bloodshed'!! This is a match for the assertion of the high priest, who, when Jesus replied in the affirmative to the question, 'Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed,' rent his clothes, and said, 'What need we any further witnesses? Ye have heard the blasphemy: what think ye? And they all condemned him to be guilty of death.' Jesus was accused of blasphemy for speaking the truth; and 'bro. Chas. Spear' is charged with spreading demoralizing views, and inciting to bloodshed, because he holds to the inviolability of human life— is a thorough-going non-resistant— is for overcoming evil with good— is constantly visiting those who are sick and in prison, like another Howard— and breathes the spirit of love, peace and good-will to all mankind!! But here is the climax of priestly absurdity:— 'We beseech our brother not to lend his influence to such demoralizing demoralizing and revolutionary views as he has put forth. . . If such is the spirit he carries to the prisons he visits, we certainly think he has mistaken his duty; and if that spirit were infused into the prisoners, it must lead to open rebellion rebellion , and perhaps to bloodshed'!! bloodshed'!! This is a match for the assertion of the high priest, who, when Jesus replied in the affirmative to the question, 'Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed,' rent his clothes, and said, 'What need we any further witnesses? Ye have heard the blasphemy: blasphemy: what think ye? And they all condemned him to be guilty of death.' Jesus was accused of blasphemy for speaking the truth; and 'bro. Chas. Spear' is charged with spreading demoralizing views, and inciting to bloodshed, because he holds to the inviolability of human life— is a thorough-going non-resistant— is for overcoming evil with good— is constantly visiting those who are sick and in prison, like another Howard— and breathes the spirit of love, peace and good-will to all mankind!! We dismiss this ridiculous attack with the additional remark, that the editor of the Trumpet is a Universalist clergyman, who professes to believe that every man is rewarded, by the Almighty, according to the deeds that are done in the body, whether they be good or evil— and who, as an opponent of Calvinism, has much to say about the all-sufficient, all-conquering love of God. We dismiss this ridiculous attack with the additional remark, that the editor of the Trumpet is a Universalist clergyman, who professes to believe that every man is rewarded, by the Almighty by the Almighty , according to the deeds that are done in the body, whether they be good or evil— and who, as an opponent of Calvinism, has much to say about the all-sufficient, all-conquering love of God. 

 AN ASSOCIATIONAL CONVENTION will be holden in WORCESTER, on the 2d Tuesday and Wednesday in December next, to examine and discuss the propriety of reorganizing society into ASSOCIATIONS or COMMUNITIES, in which all may have a COMMON INTEREST in whatever appertains to a Physical, Intellectual, and Moral culture; a common interest in all the advantages arising from the productions and possessions of property. And also to enquire, and endeavor to ascertain what is the best plan upon which Associations should be formed. Able speakers from Northampton, Roxbury, and Hopedale, are expected to be present. AN ASSOCIATIONAL CONVENTION will be holden in WORCESTER, on the 2d Tuesday and Wednesday in December next, to examine and discuss the propriety of reorganizing society into ASSOCIATIONS or COMMUNITIES, in which all may have a COMMON INTEREST in whatever appertains to a Physical, Intellectual, and Moral culture; a common interest in all the advantages arising from the productions and possessions of property. And also to enquire, and endeavor to ascertain what is the best plan upon which Associations should be formed. Able speakers from Northampton, Roxbury, and Hopedale, are expected to be present. All persons friendly to free discussion are invited to attend, and participate in the deliberations of said Convention. All persons friendly to free discussion are invited to attend, and participate in the deliberations of said Convention. The Convention will meet in the Town Hall, Tuesday, Dec. 12th, at 10 o'clock, A.M. It is expected there will also be a Convention for the same purpose holden in Leominster on Friday and Saturday of the same week. The Convention will meet in the Town Hall, Tuesday, Dec. 12th, at 10 o'clock, A.M. It is expected there will also be a Convention for the same purpose holden in Leominster on Friday and Saturday of the same week. Table  Table  Worcester, Nov. 27th, 1843. Worcester, Nov. 27th, 1843. 

 We now turn to the subject of capital punishment. The editor of the orthodox Congregational Journal refers to the case related at a recent Free Will Baptist meeting at Great Falls, of a poor creature who murdered a woman simply for her money; supposing, as it is affirmed, (whether truly or not, we think is at least doubtful, but this is not material,) that the law inflicting death for that crime was repealed at the last session of the New-Hampshire legislature, and that imprisonment in the State prison was substituted for it. This case, we are solemnly told, (it is a time-serving priest who admonishes,) 'deserves to be studied by legislators, philanthropists, and all sorts of reformers.' Three things are summarily assumed— first, that the gallows restrains from the commission of murder— a position demonstrated to be utterly false by the criminal statistics of Great Britain, France, Belgium, Tuscany, and, in fact, of every life-taking government; secondly, that hanging a human being is compatible with the spirit and example of Christ— an assumption equally fallacious; and, thirdly, that because the New-Hampshire criminal thought he would not be hanged, therefore he ought to be hanged, and the gallows is a divine institution! This may be good pulpit logic, but neither reason nor humanity can tolerate it for a moment. We now turn to the subject of capital punishment. The editor of the orthodox Congregational Journal refers to the case related at a recent Free Will Baptist meeting at Great Falls, of a poor creature who murdered a woman simply for her money; supposing, as it is affirmed, (whether truly or not, we think is at least doubtful, but this is not material,) that the law inflicting death for that crime was repealed at the last session of the New-Hampshire legislature, and that imprisonment in the State prison was substituted for it. This case, we are solemnly solemnly told, (it is a time-serving priest who admonishes,) 'deserves to be studied by legislators, philanthropists, and all sorts of reformers.' Three things are summarily assumed— first, that the gallows restrains from the commission of murder— a position demonstrated to be utterly false by the criminal statistics of Great Britain, France, Belgium, Tuscany, and, in fact, of every life-taking government; secondly, that hanging a human being is compatible with the spirit and example of Christ— an assumption equally fallacious; and, thirdly, that because the New-Hampshire criminal thought he would not be hanged, therefore he ought to be hanged, and the gallows is a divine institution! This may be good pulpit logic, but neither reason nor humanity can tolerate it for a moment. To the article from the Journal, we have added another from the New-York True Sun, which shows how little terror the gallows exerts over the human mind in a passionate and revengeful state. 'Gentlemen,' exclaims the murderer, 'I am the individual who stabbed the lousy loafer! hang me up at once! it's all you can do, by -----!' Here, then, was no misapprehension in the mind of Peter Williams as to the law. He knew that his fate might be the gallows, and yet he committed the awful crime of murder, and gloried in it. We submit this case to the grave consideration of the Rev. Messrs. Wood and Burr. To the article from the Journal, we have added another from the New-York True Sun, which shows how little terror the gallows exerts over the human mind in a passionate and revengeful state. 'Gentlemen,' exclaims the murderer, 'I am the individual who stabbed the lousy loafer! hang me up at once! hang me up at once! it's all you can do, by -----!' Here, then, was no misapprehension in the mind of Peter Williams as to the law. He knew that his fate might be the gallows, and yet he committed the awful crime of murder, and gloried in it. We submit this case to the grave consideration of the Rev. Messrs. Wood and Burr. Two cases of attempted suicide are chronicled in the same columns. One of the unhappy men had committed larceny— the other had been guilty of assault and battery on his wife. The former declared himself innocent of the offence for which he was convicted, but both cut their throats to escape imprisonment. In the language of the Congregational Journal, these cases 'deserve to be studied by legislators philanthropists, and all sorts of reformers.' Inference— men would not cut their throats, if it were not for fear of the prison. Query— Has not a man as good right to take his own life as another has to hang him. Two cases of attempted suicide are chronicled in the same columns. One of the unhappy men had committed larceny— the other had been guilty of assault and battery on his wife. The former declared himself innocent of the offence for which he was convicted, but both cut their throats to escape imprisonment. In the language of the Congregational Journal, these cases 'deserve to be studied studied by legislators philanthropists, and all sorts of reformers.' Inference— men would not cut their throats, if it were not for fear of the prison. Query— Has not a man as good right to take his own life as another has to hang him. It will be seen that a very interesting meeting has been held in Nantucket, and excellent resolution adopted, in favor of the abolition of capital punishment. Let such meetings be held in all parts of the Commonwealth. It will be seen that a very interesting meeting has been held in Nantucket, and excellent resolution adopted, in favor of the abolition of capital punishment. Let such meetings be held in all parts of the Commonwealth. It seems, according to Sir John Ross, that, among the Esquimaux, they never put murderers to death and yet 'the crime of murder rarely occurs.' Their reasoning why life should not be taken in return, in equally rational and humane, and should make ever priestly gallows-defender blush for shame. The say, 'that this would be to make themselves as bad, and that the loss of the murderer's life would not restore that of the murdered man. It seems, according to Sir John Ross, that, among the Esquimaux, they never put murderers to death and yet 'the crime of murder rarely occurs.' Their reasoning why life should not be taken in return, in equally rational and humane, and should make ever priestly gallows-defender blush for shame. The say, 'that this would be to make themselves as bad, and that the loss of the murderer's life would not restore that of the murdered man. Next we have 'A Scene in Court,' where the judge after dooming the criminal to die, rose with all the court and assembly, and offered up in his behalf' most fervent prayer to the Throne of Grace.' Such prayer poorly corresponded with the life-taking deed; but it shows how nature will struggle to assert its humanity, even against the sanctions of law and religion, so called. Next we have 'A Scene in Court,' where the judge after dooming the criminal to die, rose with all the court and assembly, and offered up in his behalf' most fervent prayer to the Throne of Grace.' Such prayer poorly corresponded with the life-taking deed; but it shows how nature will struggle to assert its humanity, even against the sanctions of law and religion, so called. The Legislature of Massachusetts will soon be in session, and petitions for the abolition of capital punishment in this State should now be in active circulation. We submit the following form: The Legislature of Massachusetts will soon be in session, and petitions for the abolition of capital punishment in this State should now be in active circulation. We submit the following form: To the Senate and House of Representatives of Massachusetts, in General Court assembled: To the Senate and House of Representatives of Massachusetts, in General Court assembled: To the Senate and House of Representatives of Massachusetts, in General Court assembled: Your petitioners, inhabitants of [ ], respectfully but earnestly desire and request, in the name of our common humanity, that you will immediately abolish capital punishment in all cases in this Commonwealth. Your petitioners, inhabitants of [ ], respectfully but earnestly desire and request, in the name of our common humanity, that you will immediately abolish capital punishment in all cases in this Commonwealth. 

 The Executive Committee of the Eastern Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society would announce, that they have made all the arrangements deemed necessary on their part for the great Decennial meeting to be held on the 4th of December: and that they are expecting a large attendance, both from their own limits and from other States, and a particularly interesting and important meeting. They would enforce, if possible, the call of the National Committee, by an especial invitation to our friends all over the land, with the assurance that the hospitality of Philadelphia abolitionists, to the full extent of their ability, will be most cordially extended to them. It is confidently expected that full delegations of our best and most prominent friends in the East will be in attendance which expectations must by no means be disappointed. The Executive Committee of the Eastern Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society would announce, that they have made all the arrangements deemed necessary on their part for the great Decennial meeting to be held on the 4th of December: and that they are expecting a large attendance, both from their own limits and from other States, and a particularly interesting and important meeting. They would enforce, if possible, the call of the National Committee, by an especial invitation to our friends all over the land, with the assurance that the hospitality of Philadelphia abolitionists, to the full extent of their ability, will be most cordially extended to them. It is confidently expected that full delegations of our best and most prominent friends in the East will be in attendance which expectations must by no means be disappointed. The place of holding the meeting will be the Callowhill-street Universalist Church; and the hour, 10 o'clock in the morning. Persons coming to the Convention, and more particularly strangers from a distance, are requested to report themselves immediately on their arrival, at the Anti-Slavery Office, No. 31, North Fifth-street. The place of holding the meeting will be the Callowhill-street Universalist Church; and the hour, 10 o'clock in the morning. Persons coming to the Convention, and more particularly strangers from a distance, are requested to report themselves immediately on their arrival, at the Anti-Slavery Office, No. 31, North Fifth-street. J.M. McKIM, J.M. McKIM, In behalf of the Committee. In behalf of the Committee. In behalf of the Committee. Philadelphia, Nov. 12, 1843. Philadelphia, Nov. 12, 1843. 

 A Convention of the friends of Social Reform and a Reorganization of Society will be holden in Boston on Tuesday and Wednesday, December 26th and 27th, 1843. All who are interested in this subject are earnestly invited to attend on that occasion. The official call for this Convention, signed by numerous individuals, was received too late for insertion in our present number, but shall be given next week. A Convention of the friends of Social Reform and a Reorganization of Society will be holden in Boston on Tuesday and Wednesday, December 26th and 27th, 1843. All who are interested in this subject are earnestly invited to attend on that occasion. The official call for this Convention, signed by numerous individuals, was received too late for insertion in our present number, but shall be given next week. 

 The annual meeting of the NEW-YORK (WESTERN) STATE ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, auxiliary to the AMERICAN A.S. SOCIETY, will be held at ROCHESTER, on the 12th and 13th of DECEMBER. Meetings of an interest corresponding to the great importance of the moment to the success of the anti-slavery cause, are anticipated. It is hoped that Messrs. Hutchinson will be present. The annual meeting of the NEW-YORK (WESTERN) STATE ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, auxiliary to the AMERICAN A.S. SOCIETY, will be held at ROCHESTER, on the 12th and 13th of DECEMBER. Meetings of an interest corresponding to the great importance of the moment to the success of the anti-slavery cause, are anticipated. It is hoped that Messrs. Hutchinson will be present. The Standard and Herald of Freedom are requested to copy. The Standard and Herald of Freedom are requested to copy. J.C. HATHAWAY, Cor. Sec. J.C. HATHAWAY, Cor. Sec. Cor. Sec. 

 KINDNESS OF NATHANIEL BARNEY. With gratitude I would acknowledge the receipt of $22 50, as the dividends due to this amiable and liberal philanthropist on his stock in the New-Bedford and Taunton Rail-Road Corporation. As a token of his personal esteem and appreciation of my labors to advance human freedom and equality, it is a hundred fold of more value than the mere amount itself. To be honored with the friendship of such a pure spirit gives me exquisite satisfaction. I deeply participate in the joy that he must feel to know that his conscientious testimony has not been in vain, and that no odious proscription now obtains on that rail-road. (See the letters of our friends Jackson and Barney on the preceding page.) KINDNESS OF NATHANIEL BARNEY. With gratitude I would acknowledge the receipt of $22 50, as the dividends due to this amiable and liberal philanthropist on his stock in the New-Bedford and Taunton Rail-Road Corporation. As a token of his personal esteem and appreciation of my labors to advance human freedom and equality, it is a hundred fold of more value than the mere amount itself. To be honored with the friendship of such a pure spirit gives me exquisite satisfaction. I deeply participate in the joy that he must feel to know that his conscientious testimony has not been in vain, and that no odious proscription now obtains on that rail-road. (See the letters of our friends Jackson and Barney on the preceding page.) 

 The annual meeting of the (central) New-York State Anti-Slavery Society, auxiliary to the AMERICAN ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, will be held at UTICA, on the 19th and 20th of DECEMBER. Friends from Massachusetts and other States are expected to be present, and an earnest invitation has been extended to those able advocates of our cause, THE HUTCHINSONS. The Standard and the Herald of Freedom are requested to copy, and to urge editorially, upon their readers, the importance of these meetings to the interests of our cause in Central New-York. Questions of the utmost importance, and courses of action of the deepest moment, now present themselves for discussion and for choice. The annual meeting of the (central) New-York State Anti-Slavery Society, auxiliary to the AMERICAN ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, will be held at UTICA, on the 19th and 20th of DECEMBER. Friends from Massachusetts and other States are expected to be present, and an earnest invitation has been extended to those able advocates of our cause, THE HUTCHINSONS. The Standard and the Herald of Freedom are requested to copy, and to urge editorially, upon their readers, the importance of these meetings to the interests of our cause in Central New-York. Questions of the utmost importance, and courses of action of the deepest moment, now present themselves for discussion and for choice. Let all friends of the cause and the American Society make exertions to attend. Let all friends of the cause and the American Society make exertions to attend. For Executive Committee: For Executive Committee: S. LIGHTBODY, Chairman. S. LIGHTBODY, Chairman. Chairman. WM. C. ROGERS, Secretary. WM. C. ROGERS, Secretary. Secretary. 

 THE EMANCIPATOR. Referring to the annexation of Texas, Joshua Leavitt says— 'We are not ready to go for a dissolution of the Union, in case the foul design is consummated.' O, no! To come out from the pro-slavery political parties, that is clearly a duty; but to come out from a pro-slavery government, reeking with human blood, and giving extension and perpetuity to slavery, that is another matter— that would not be patriotic! How easily some men can strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel! What adds to the ridiculous in this case is, Mr. Leavitt whiningly says that the reason why he cannot go for a dissolution is, 'We cannot leave the slaveholders themselves to the terrific doom that would overtake them.' The plain English of this is, if we understand it, that, in case of such an event, the slaves would at once throw off their fetters, and be free, (as southern men in Congress have testified,) and Mr. Leavitt chooses to give succor and protection to their taskmasters by remaining in union (!) with them till they are brought to repentance by the politics of Liberty Party! THE EMANCIPATOR. Referring to the annexation of Texas, Joshua Leavitt says— 'We are not ready to go for a dissolution of the Union, in case the foul design is consummated.' O, no! To come out from the pro-slavery political parties, that is clearly a duty; but to come out from a pro-slavery government, reeking with human blood, and giving extension and perpetuity to slavery, that is another matter— that would not be patriotic! patriotic! How easily some men can strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel! What adds to the ridiculous in this case is, Mr. Leavitt whiningly says that the reason why he cannot go for a dissolution is, 'We cannot leave the slaveholders themselves to the terrific doom that would overtake them.' The plain English of this is, if we understand it, that, in case of such an event, the slaves would at once throw off their fetters, and be free, (as southern men in Congress have testified,) and Mr. Leavitt chooses to give succor and protection to their taskmasters by remaining in union (!) with them till they are brought to repentance by the politics of Liberty Party! 

 Hark! clear on the Eastern breeze,Like the tone of the chainless seas,Like the cliff-eagle's voice of power,Comes the shout of glad Freedom again,Arising in triumph to reign-'Tis a nation's awakening hour. Hark! clear on the Eastern breeze,Like the tone of the chainless seas,Like the cliff-eagle's voice of power,Comes the shout of glad Freedom again,Arising in triumph to reign-'Tis a nation's awakening hour.      'Tis the ringing of Liberty's bell,And the tolling of Slavery's knell,As the Idol is hurled from its shrine;And the striving of body and soul,To be free from the tyrant's control,Led on by an arm divine. 'Tis the ringing of Liberty's bell,And the tolling of Slavery's knell,As the Idol is hurled from its shrine;And the striving of body and soul,To be free from the tyrant's control,Led on by an arm divine.      And the darkness of ages shall melt,When the sunbeams of truth are feltAs a gleam from the heavens afar;And the strength of the mighty will fail,And the brow of the despot pale,In the light of that beacon star! And the darkness of ages shall melt,When the sunbeams of truth are feltAs a gleam from the heavens afar;And the strength of the mighty will fail,And the brow of the despot pale,In the light of that beacon star!      Onward! then, on! in the fetterless mightOf a God-given freedom and right,Sending back from the earth to the sky,The voice of the ransomed, from mountain to main:The voices of MEN, never SLAVES again,Are swelling the joyful cry! Onward! then, on! in the fetterless mightOf a God-given freedom and right,Sending back from the earth to the sky,The voice of the ransomed, from mountain to main:The voices of MEN, never SLAVES again,Are swelling the joyful cry!      And every trembling slaveMay find for his chains a grave,In the wreck of the falling throne;And the earth, from the green East Indian islesTo the snow of our own high mountain piles,Shall rock with its thunder tone! And every trembling slaveMay find for his chains a grave,In the wreck of the falling throne;And the earth, from the green East Indian islesTo the snow of our own high mountain piles,Shall rock with its thunder tone!      A. DAPHNE BROWNE. A. DAPHNE BROWNE. Putnam, (O.) Nov. 10th. Putnam, (O.) Nov. 10th. 

 JUDGE JAY. The friends of Judge Jay will regret to learn that his health is so poor, in consequence of a dangerous lung complaint, that he has been advised by his physicians to seek a more genial climate. He has sailed for Liverpool, on his way to Egypt, accompanied by his wife and two daughters. In a farewell letter to Gerrit Smith he says— 'Rather than be in union with Texas, let the confederation be shivered. My voice, my efforts, will be for dissolution, if Texas be annexed.' We go one step further— DISSOLUTION NOW, Texas out of the question. JUDGE JAY. The friends of Judge Jay will regret to learn that his health is so poor, in consequence of a dangerous lung complaint, that he has been advised by his physicians to seek a more genial climate. He has sailed for Liverpool, on his way to Egypt, accompanied by his wife and two daughters. In a farewell letter to Gerrit Smith he says— 'Rather than be in union with Texas, let the confederation be shivered. My voice, my efforts, will be for dissolution, if Texas be annexed.' We go one step further— DISSOLUTION NOW, Texas out of the question. 

 'To fall on the battle field fighting for my dear country— that would not be hard.'— MS. in Miss Bremer's 'Neighbors.'O, no,— let me lieNot on a field of battle, when I die!Let not the iron treadOf the mad war-horse crush my helmed head;Nor let the reeking knife,That I have drawn against a brother's life,Be in my hand, when deathThunders along, and tramples me beneathHis heavy squadron's heels,Or gory felloes of his cannon's wheels. 'To fall on the battle field fighting for my dear country— that would not be hard.'— MS. in Miss Bremer's 'Neighbors.' MS. in Miss Bremer's 'Neighbors.' O, no,— let  me me lieNot on a field of battle, when I die!Let not the iron treadOf the mad war-horse crush my helmed head;Nor let the reeking knife,That I have drawn against a brother's life,Be in my hand, when deathThunders along, and tramples me beneathHis heavy squadron's heels,Or gory felloes of his cannon's wheels.          From such a dying bed,Though o'er it float the stripes of white and red,And the bald Eagle bringsThe clustered stars upon his wide-spread wings,To sparkle in my sight,O, never let my spirit take her flight. From such a dying bed,Though o'er it float the stripes of white and red,And the bald Eagle bringsThe clustered stars upon his wide-spread wings,To sparkle in my sight,O, never let my spirit take her flight.      I know that Beauty's eyeIs all the brighter where gay pennants fly,And brazen helmets dance,And sunshine flashes on the lifted lance:-I know that bards have sung,And people shouted, till the welkin rung,In honor of the brave,Who on the battle-field have found a grave;-I know that, o'er their bones,Have grateful hands piled monumental stones.Some of these piles I've seen:-The one at Lexington, upon the green,Where the first blood was shed,That to my country's independence led;And others, on our shore,'The Battle Monument' at Baltimore,And that on Bunker's Hill.Ay, and abroad, a few more famous still:-Thy 'Tomb,' Themistocles,That looks out yet upon the Grecian seas,And which the waters kissThat issue from the gulf of Salamis:-And thine, too, have I seen,Thy mound of earth, Patroclus, robed in green,That, like a natural knoll,Sheep climb and nibble over, as they stroll,Watched by some turban'd boy,Upon the margin of the plain of Troy. I know that Beauty's eyeIs all the brighter where gay pennants fly,And brazen helmets dance,And sunshine flashes on the lifted lance:-I know that bards have sung,And people shouted, till the welkin rung,In honor of the brave,Who on the battle-field have found a grave;-I know that, o'er their bones,Have grateful hands piled monumental stones.Some of these piles I've seen:-The one at Lexington, upon the green,Where the first blood was shed,That to my country's independence led;And others, on our shore,'The Battle Monument' at Baltimore,And that on Bunker's Hill.Ay, and abroad, a few more famous still:-Thy 'Tomb,' Themistocles,That looks out yet upon the Grecian seas,And which the waters kissThat issue from the gulf of Salamis:-And thine, too, have I seen,Thy mound of earth, Patroclus, robed in green,That, like a natural knoll,Sheep climb and nibble over, as they stroll,Watched by some turban'd boy,Upon the margin of the plain of Troy.                            Such honors grace the bed,I know, whereon the warrior lays his head,And hears, as life ebbs out,The conquered flying, and the conqueror's shout.But, as his eyes grow dim,What is a column, or a mound to him?What, to the parting soul,The mellow note of bugles? What the rollOf drums? No— let me dieWhere the blue heaven bends o'er me lovingly,And the soft summer air,As it goes by me, stirs my thin white hair,And, from my forehead, driesThe death-damp, as it gathers, and the skiesSeem waiting to receiveMy soul to their clear depths!— Or, let me leaveThe world, when, round my bed,Wife, children, weeping friends are gathered,And the calm voice of prayerAnd holy hymning shall my soul prepareTo go and be at rest,With kindred spirits— spirits who have blessedThe human brotherhoodBy labors, cares, and counsels for their good. Such honors grace the bed,I know, whereon the warrior lays his head,And hears, as life ebbs out,The conquered flying, and the conqueror's shout.But, as his eyes grow dim,What is a column, or a mound to him?What, to the parting soul,The mellow note of bugles? What the rollOf drums? No— let me dieWhere the blue heaven bends o'er me lovingly,And the soft summer air,As it goes by me, stirs my thin white hair,And, from my forehead, driesThe death-damp, as it gathers, and the skiesSeem waiting to receiveMy soul to their clear depths!— Or, let me leaveThe world, when, round my bed,Wife, children, weeping friends are gathered,And the calm voice of prayerAnd holy hymning shall my soul prepareTo go and be at rest,With kindred spirits— spirits who have blessedThe human brotherhoodBy labors, cares, and counsels for their good.                        And, in my dying hour,When riches, fame, and honor have no powerTo bear the spirit up,Or from my lips to turn aside the cup,That all must drink, at last,O, let me draw refreshment from the past!Then, let my soul run back,With peace and joy, along my earthly track,And see that all the seeds,That I have scattered there, in virtuous deeds,Have sprung up, and have given,Already, fruits of which to taste is heaven! And, in my dying hour,When riches, fame, and honor have no powerTo bear the spirit up,Or from my lips to turn aside the cup,That all must drink, at last,O, let me draw refreshment from the past!Then, let my soul run back,With peace and joy, along my earthly track,And see that all the seeds,That I have scattered there, in virtuous deeds,Have sprung up, and have given,Already, fruits of which to taste is heaven!            And, though no grassy moundOr granite pile say 'tis heroic ground,Where my remains repose,Still will I hope— vain hope, perhaps!— that those,Whom I have striven to bless,-The wanderer reclaimed, the fatherless,-May stand around my grave,With the poor prisoner, and the poorer slave,-And breathe an humble prayer,That they may die like him, whose bones are mouldering there. And, though no grassy moundOr granite pile say 'tis heroic ground,Where my remains repose,Still will I hope— vain hope, perhaps!— that those,Whom I have striven to bless,-The wanderer reclaimed, the fatherless,-May stand around my grave,With the poor prisoner, and the poorer slave,-And breathe an humble prayer,That they may die like him, whose bones are mouldering there.          Boston, Sept. 1843. Boston, Sept. 1843. 

 ADMISSION OF TEXAS. On this subject, the editor of the Boston Mercantile Journal uses the following language. ADMISSION OF TEXAS. On this subject, the editor of the Boston Mercantile Journal uses the following language. 'If this question should be agitated in the halls of Congress, and meet with executive favor, it will create a great excitement throughout the Union— revive all bitter sectional prejudices, and draw a broad and well defined line between the slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States. Indeed, the subject is already agitated, and opinions are freely interchanged on the propriety of such a measure— a measure which will meet with a firm, and we trust successful opposition, from every friend of humanity and freedom.' 'If this question should be agitated in the halls of Congress, and meet with executive favor, it will create a great excitement throughout the Union— revive all bitter sectional prejudices, and draw a broad and well defined line between the slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States. Indeed, the subject is already agitated, and opinions are freely interchanged on the propriety of such a measure— a measure which will meet with a firm, and we trust successful opposition, from every friend of humanity and freedom.' 

 O! what is Freedom? Say, is that man freeWho wears no shackles on his outward frame,And knows no lord his weary toil to claim,Or force obeisance on the bended knee;Who yet is bound with bosom slavery,And dares not, in the face of men, to nameHis thoughts and feelings, lest they bring him shame.Call him not free! 'Tis worse than mockery!Let him the name of Freeman only wear,Who heralds forth the truth with curbless tongue-Who stands erect his fellow-men among,And scorns the coward's abject name to bear:His fame with that of heroes shall be sung;And equal shall their deathless glory share! O! what is Freedom? Say, is that man freeWho wears no shackles on his outward frame,And knows no lord his weary toil to claim,Or force obeisance on the bended knee;Who yet is bound with     bosom slavery bosom slavery ,And dares not, in the face of men, to nameHis thoughts and feelings, lest they bring him shame.Call him not free! 'Tis worse than mockery!Let him the name of Freeman only wear,Who heralds forth the truth with curbless tongue-Who stands erect his fellow-men among,And scorns the coward's abject name to bear:His fame with that of heroes shall be sung;And equal shall their deathless glory share!          

 Hail, Temperance, divinely fair!How precious all thy blessings are:How rich, and yet how free!Sure all the world will soon thee love,And prize thy blessings far aboveThe treasures of the sea. Hail, Temperance, divinely fair!How precious all thy blessings are:How rich, and yet how free!Sure all the world will soon thee love,And prize thy blessings far aboveThe treasures of the sea.      

 It was with no small surprise that we found the following paragraph, in a letter of bro. Chas. Spear, published in the 'Christian Freeman' of last week. It seems that he had been to visit a person confined in Newburyport jail, for contempt of Court. The fact of his being confined for that offence induced brother Spear to come out in the following strain against our courts, and, in fact, all human government. It is one of the fullest specimens of come-out-ism that we have seen. It was with no small surprise that we found the following paragraph, in a letter of bro. Chas. Spear, published in the 'Christian Freeman' of last week. It seems that he had been to visit a person confined in Newburyport jail, for contempt of Court. contempt of Court. The fact of his being confined for that offence that offence induced brother Spear to come out in the following strain against our courts, and, in fact, all human government. It is one of the fullest specimens of come-out-ism come-out-ism that we have seen. (Here follows the extract from Mr. Spear's letter, which has already appeared in the Liberator.) (Here follows the extract from Mr. Spear's letter, which has already appeared in the Liberator.) We have no desire to oppose bro. Spear, for whose private character we entertain high respect; but still we desire to take this opportunity to express our utter dissent from his radicalism on the subject of government. He levels our courts— judges, jurors and all, at a single blow! 'What right,' he says, 'have a certain number of men to associate together, and call themselves judges and lawyers, and compel a man to come before them?' Does he suppose our courts are self-constituted? Does he not know, that it is by the will of the people that these offices are made? He affirms that our courts and jails are 'entire assumptions of human power.' He would then Legislature and all!! God alone, he says, is our only true Judge. In one sense, this may be true. But notwithstanding this, in the Hebrew commonwealth, earthly judges were appointed, and we are expressly assured that God was with them in the judgment. Human governments may do wrong; but still God himself has not hesitated to employ them, as subordinate branches of his own administration. Jesus respected the government under which he lived. He was no disorganizer— he was never known to use the language concerning even the corrupt Jewish courts, that bro. Spear has used concerning the courts of our country. We would recommend bro. Spear to take a lesson of Paul. In the very connexion in which he says, 'Vengeance is mine, I will repay, saith the Lord,' he adds, 'Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God.' Let bro. S. remember, 'that rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil.' We cannot understand Paul's language at all, if it be a Christian's duty to set aside all human governments. Will bro. Spear please show us how he explains Paul's language above quoted, on the ground that all human governments are assumptions? And while he has his hand in, we ask him not to forget the language of Peter— 'Submit yourself to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake, whether it be to the king, as supreme; or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evil doers, and for the praise of them that do well.' I. Peter, ii. 14, 15. We ask bro. Spear honestly, if he thinks the sentiments we have quoted from him are consistent with the above quoted directions of the apostle? We beseech our brother not to lend his influence to such demoralizing and revolutionary views as he has put forth. We consider the language which he confesses he used to the jailor altogether uncalled for; and the jailor would have been justified, under the circumstances, in refusing him admittance. If such is the spirit he carries to the prisons he visits, we certainly think he has mistaken his duty; and if that spirit were infused into the prisoners, it must lead to open rebellion, and perhaps to blood-shed. We have no desire to oppose bro. Spear, for whose private character we entertain high respect; but still we desire to take this opportunity to express our utter dissent from his radicalism on the subject of government. He levels our courts— judges, jurors and all, at a single blow! 'What right,' he says, 'have a certain number of men to associate together, and call themselves call themselves judges and lawyers, and compel a man to come before them?' Does he suppose our courts are self self -constituted? Does he not know, that it is by the will of the people the people that these offices are made? He affirms that our courts and jails are 'entire assumptions of human power.' He would then Legislature and all!! God alone, he says, is our only true Judge. In one sense, this may be true. But notwithstanding this, in the Hebrew commonwealth, earthly judges were appointed, and we are expressly assured that God was with them with them in the judgment. Human governments may do wrong; but still God himself has not hesitated to employ them, as subordinate branches of his own administration. Jesus respected the government under which he lived. He was no disorganizer— he was never known to use the language concerning even the corrupt Jewish courts, that bro. Spear has used concerning the courts of our country. We would recommend bro. Spear to take a lesson of Paul. In the very connexion in which he says, 'Vengeance is mine, I will repay, saith the Lord,' he adds, 'Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. the powers that be are ordained of God. ' Let bro. S. remember, 'that rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. to the evil. ' We cannot understand Paul's language at all, if it be a Christian's duty to set aside all human governments. Will bro. Spear please show us how he explains Paul's language above quoted, on the ground that all human governments are assumptions? And while he has his hand in, we ask him not to forget the language of Peter— 'Submit yourself to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake, whether it be to the king, as supreme; or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evil doers evil doers , and for the praise of them that do well.' I. Peter, ii. 14, 15. We ask bro. Spear honestly, if he thinks the sentiments we have quoted from him are consistent with the above quoted directions of the apostle? We beseech our brother not to lend his influence to such demoralizing and revolutionary views as he has put forth. We consider the language which he confesses he used to the jailor altogether uncalled for; and the jailor would have been justified, under the circumstances, in refusing him admittance. If such is the spirit he carries to the prisons he visits, we certainly think he has mistaken his duty; and if that spirit were infused into the prisoners, it must lead to open rebellion, and perhaps to blood-shed. 

 At the late meeting of the Free Will Baptist denomination at Great Falls, while the subjects of slavery, war, no government, and capital punishment, were under discussion, Rev. Mr. Burr, editor of the Morning Star, made the following statements respecting Hanson, who is now in confinement at Dover, for an atrocious murder in Rochester. It deserves to be studied by legislators, philanthropists, and all sorts of reformers. One murder has already been perpetrated in our State through the mere proposal to abolish the punishment heaven has ordained for the crime. The life of the murderer is to be held sacred, while no shield is to be thrown around that of the peaceable and virtuous citizen. It is the height of wrong to take the life of the assassin when it is forfeited to the laws he has violated, and will continue to violate, while no sympathy is felt for the victims of his pistol and dagger. Benevolence is the foundation of all law, civil and divine; even in the infliction of punishment, the general, if not the individual, good demands the penalty. At the late meeting of the Free Will Baptist denomination at Great Falls, while the subjects of slavery, war, no government, and capital punishment, were under discussion, Rev. Mr. Burr, editor of the Morning Star, made the following statements respecting Hanson, who is now in confinement at Dover, for an atrocious murder in Rochester. It deserves to be studied studied by legislators, philanthropists, and all sorts of reformers. One murder has already been perpetrated in our State through the mere proposal to abolish the punishment heaven has ordained for the crime. The life of the murderer murderer is to be held sacred, while no shield is to be thrown around that of the peaceable and virtuous citizen. It is the height of wrong to take the life of the assassin when it is forfeited to the laws he has violated, and will continue to violate, while no sympathy is felt for the victims of his pistol and dagger. Benevolence Benevolence is the foundation of all law, civil and divine; even in the infliction of punishment, the general, if not the individual, good demands the penalty. 'The crime of murder was recently committed in an adjoining town at noon-day. The murderer possessed no malice towards his victim. She had often treated him with kindness. He had been sheltered beneath her roof, and fed at her table. Why, then, did he take her life? Simply for her money. This he afterwards confessed. After he was arrested and brought to Dover, he was asked what he thought the penalty of the crime would be. He replied, 'From seven to ten years imprisonment in the State prison.' He was informed that, according to the laws of the State, the penalty for murder was death. At this, he appeared to be thunder-struck. That law, said he, was repealed at the last session. You are mistaken, said his informant. The question of repeal was agitated, but the law was not repealed. It still stands on the statute book in full force. I mention this circumstance to show the salutary influence of law. If this man had supposed that the law referred to had not been repealed, he would probably never have committed that awful crime; and thus he would have been saved from the guilt of murder, and his innocent victim would not have suffered a violent and untimely death. It shows also that other motives besides malice and revenge would lead to crimes, if the restraints of penal law were removed. As our brother Smart has said, men would then butcher their fellows for their money and possessions, and blood would flow on every hand. 'The crime of murder was recently committed in an adjoining town at noon-day. The murderer possessed no malice towards his victim. She had often treated him with kindness. He had been sheltered beneath her roof, and fed at her table. Why, then, did he take her life? Simply for her money. This he afterwards confessed. After he was arrested and brought to Dover, he was asked what he thought the penalty of the crime would be. He replied, 'From seven to ten years imprisonment in the State prison.' He was informed that, according to the laws of the State, the penalty for murder was death. At this, he appeared to be thunder-struck. That law, said he, was repealed at the last session. You are mistaken, said his informant. The question of repeal was agitated, but the law was not repealed. It still stands on the statute book in full force. I mention this circumstance to show the salutary influence of law. If this man had supposed that the law referred to had not been repealed, he would probably never have committed that awful crime; and thus he would have been saved from the guilt of murder, and his innocent victim would not have suffered a violent and untimely death. It shows also that other motives besides malice and revenge would lead to crimes, if the restraints of penal law were removed. As our brother Smart has said, men would then butcher their fellows for their money and possessions, and blood would flow on every hand. 

 The Fifth Ward was last night the scene of one of those disgraceful rows which frequently result in death, but not so often, as in the present instance, in the arrest of the rowdy or murderer. Between 7 and 8 o'clock, the engine companies 27 and 11 turned out on a false alarm of fire, and while running out of Canal-street into West Broadway a collision took place, which resulted in a fight, and Daniel Stanley, a volunteer of No. 27, was mortally stabbed by a volunteer of No. 11, named Peter Williams. The Fifth Ward was last night the scene of one of those disgraceful rows which frequently result in death, but not so often, as in the present instance, in the arrest of the rowdy or murderer. Between 7 and 8 o'clock, the engine companies 27 and 11 turned out on a false alarm of fire, and while running out of Canal-street into West Broadway a collision took place, which resulted in a fight, and Daniel Stanley, a volunteer of No. 27, was mortally stabbed by a volunteer of No. 11, named Peter Williams. The wounded man was carried to a drug store in Canal-street, where his wound was dressed, but pronounced mortal, and was then conveyed home, where he died in a short time. The murderer was taken and conveyed to the watch-house corner, of Prince and Wooster-streets, and searched. In his coat was found two heavy weights, but no knife on his person, and it is conjectured that he threw it away. The wounded man was carried to a drug store in Canal-street, where his wound was dressed, but pronounced mortal, and was then conveyed home, where he died in a short time. The murderer was taken and conveyed to the watch-house corner, of Prince and Wooster-streets, and searched. In his coat was found two heavy weights, but no knife on his person, and it is conjectured that he threw it away. He did not make any secret of the deed, but actually boasted of it when aldermen Tillou and Nash came in, saying, in what might be termed the slang of the New-York 'tapis franc,' 'Gentlemen, I am the individual that stabbed the lousy loafer! hang me up at once! it's all you can do, by -----! My name is Peter Williams, and I run with No. 11, and live at 231 Sullivan-street. So what's my sentence? Let me know right off, because you can but kill me, by -----!' He did not make any secret of the deed, but actually boasted of it when aldermen Tillou and Nash came in, saying, in what might be termed the slang of the New-York ' tapis franc tapis franc ,' 'Gentlemen, I am the individual that stabbed the lousy loafer! hang me up at once! it's all you can do, by -----! My name is Peter Williams, and I run with No. 11, and live at 231 Sullivan-street. So what's my sentence? Let me know right off, because you can but kill me, by -----!' After this display of feeling, the ruffian was removed into the cell under the watch-house, not exhibiting the slightest remorse for having deprived a fellow man of his life. We could not ascertain whether there had been any previous quarrel between the parties, or whether it was one of those sudden ebullitions of passion which are the constant result of the volunteer system. After this display of feeling, the ruffian was removed into the cell under the watch-house, not exhibiting the slightest remorse for having deprived a fellow man of his life. We could not ascertain whether there had been any previous quarrel between the parties, or whether it was one of those sudden ebullitions of passion which are the constant result of the volunteer system. 

 ATTEMPTED SUICIDE IN THE CITY PRISON. Yesterday morning, a man named John Linden, who was tried in the court of General Sessions, on Thursday, for grand larceny, in stealing a watch and $20 from John Farren, and convicted and sentenced to the State prison for two years, attempted to commit suicide, by cutting his throat with a razor that he had secreted, evidently for that purpose. The prisoners who were confined in the cell with him, immediately gave the alarm, and prevented him from doing any further injury. Mr. McCreedy, the physician of the prison, was immediately sent for, and on examination of the wound, found that the windpipe was cut nearly three-fourths in twain, also divicing the sterno celido mastoid muscle. A note was found in his pocket, stating that he was induced to commit suicide, solely because he was innocent of the offence for which he was convicted. He may possibly recover, although his case is doubtful. He was nearly speechless last evening, and wrote the following note, which he gave to the doctor:- ATTEMPTED SUICIDE IN THE CITY PRISON. Yesterday morning, a man named John Linden, who was tried in the court of General Sessions, on Thursday, for grand larceny, in stealing a watch and $20 from John Farren, and convicted and sentenced to the State prison for two years, attempted to commit suicide, by cutting his throat with a razor that he had secreted, evidently for that purpose. The prisoners who were confined in the cell with him, immediately gave the alarm, and prevented him from doing any further injury. Mr. McCreedy, the physician of the prison, was immediately sent for, and on examination of the wound, found that the windpipe was cut nearly three-fourths in twain, also divicing the sterno celido mastoid sterno celido mastoid muscle. A note was found in his pocket, stating that he was induced to commit suicide, solely because he was innocent of the offence for which he was convicted. He may possibly recover, although his case is doubtful. He was nearly speechless last evening, and wrote the following note, which he gave to the doctor:- 'Put me in a warm place— I am getting stiff. I am innocent of this crime. Nothin made me do this act But my wife and children parting them.' 'Put me in a warm place— I am getting stiff. I am innocent of this crime. Nothin made me do this act But my wife and children parting them.' 

 ATTEMPTED SUICIDE. Theodore Terdon, who was in prison on the complaint of his wife for an assault and battery, and was to have been tried yesterday, cut his throat and also made an incision in his arm, with intent to kill himself. It was however discovered before he had suffered any very material injury from either of his wounds, and they were dressed by a surgeon. He was afterwards set at liberty at the request of his wife.— N.Y. paper. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE. Theodore Terdon, who was in prison on the complaint of his wife for an assault and battery, and was to have been tried yesterday, cut his throat and also made an incision in his arm, with intent to kill himself. It was however discovered before he had suffered any very material injury from either of his wounds, and they were dressed by a surgeon. He was afterwards set at liberty at the request of his wife.— N.Y. paper. N.Y. paper. 

 CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. A very interesting meeting on this subject was held in Nantucket, on Tuesday evening last. Remarks were made by Messrs. John H. Shaw, A.M. Macy, Barnabas Coffin, Wm. Dennis, C.H. Brock, and others, and the following resolutions were passed, viz: CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. A very interesting meeting on this subject was held in Nantucket, on Tuesday evening last. Remarks were made by Messrs. John H. Shaw, A.M. Macy, Barnabas Coffin, Wm. Dennis, C.H. Brock, and others, and the following resolutions were passed, viz: Resolved, That in the opinion of this meeting the time has come when punishment by death should cease to be inflicted as a penalty for crime. Resolved, That in the opinion of this meeting the time has come when punishment by death should cease to be inflicted as a penalty for crime. Resolved, That the experience of all nations, so far as its results have come to our knowledge, conclusively proves that sanguinary punishments, so far from diminishing crime, uniformly tend to promote its increase. Resolved, That the experience of all nations, so far as its results have come to our knowledge, conclusively proves that sanguinary punishments, so far from diminishing crime, uniformly tend to promote its increase. Resolved, That efforts should be made to induce our Legislature at its next session to abrogate all laws which inflict the penalty of death for crime. Resolved, That efforts should be made to induce our Legislature at its next session to abrogate all laws which inflict the penalty of death for crime. 

 A REPRIEVE. The last official act of Governor Pennington is said to have been one of mercy— namely, transmitting a reprieve for the colored girl Rosean Keen, whose execution was appointed to take place to-morrow at Bridgeton, West Jersey. It is said that the culprit is but little removed from idiocy. She was convicted of poisoning Mr. Seeley, of Bridgeton, with whom she lived. A gentleman who recently visited her in prison gives this account of his interview: A REPRIEVE. The last official act of Governor Pennington is said to have been one of mercy— namely, transmitting a reprieve for the colored girl Rosean Keen, whose execution was appointed to take place to-morrow at Bridgeton, West Jersey. It is said that the culprit is but little removed from idiocy. She was convicted of poisoning Mr. Seeley, of Bridgeton, with whom she lived. A gentleman who recently visited her in prison gives this account of his interview: 'What do you expect will be done with you on the 3d November?' I inquired. 'What do you expect will be done with you on the 3d November?' I inquired. 'I 'spect they'll hang me,'— she answered with a silly smile, evidently vain of the importance which she had occasioned. 'I 'spect they'll hang me,'— she answered with a silly smile, evidently vain of the importance which she had occasioned. 'What then?' I added. 'What then?' I added. 'I 'spose if I'm prepared, I'll go to heaven; if not, I'll go to the bad place,' she replied. Her answers were given precisely as a parrot holds converse with children, by repeating words or sounds learned from others. 'I 'spose if I'm prepared, I'll go to heaven; if not, I'll go to the bad place,' she replied. Her answers were given precisely as a parrot holds converse with children, by repeating words or sounds learned from others. 'She is a human being, 16 years old, but she has been permitted to grow up like the brute that perishes.' 'She is a human being, 16 years old, but she has been permitted to grow up like the brute that perishes.' 

 A MAN EXECUTED FOR BEING A CHRISTIAN, IN EUROPE! A man was decapitated in Constantinople lately under very remarkable circumstances. He was an Armenian by birth, and when under the influence of liquor, renounced his religion and embraced Mahomedanism. When soberness returned, he saw the rashness of his step and fled to Greece. He afterwards returned to Constantinople, and was recognized. He was seized and put in prison, and required to return to the Mahomedan faith. Nothing could induce him to do this, and after much threatening and torture he was publicly executed, with every disgrace and indignity which could be cast upon him and the Christian faith. This in Europe! A MAN EXECUTED FOR BEING A CHRISTIAN, IN EUROPE! A man was decapitated in Constantinople lately under very remarkable circumstances. He was an Armenian by birth, and when under the influence of liquor, renounced his religion and embraced Mahomedanism. When soberness returned, he saw the rashness of his step and fled to Greece. He afterwards returned to Constantinople, and was recognized. He was seized and put in prison, and required to return to the Mahomedan faith. Nothing could induce him to do this, and after much threatening and torture he was publicly executed, with every disgrace and indignity which could be cast upon him and the Christian faith. This in Europe! 

 EXECUTION IN FRANCE. Marie Gestus, who was lately condemned to death by the Court of Assize of the Haute Caronne, for the murder of her husband, underwent her sentence on the 29th ultimo at Aurignac. On hearing the announcement of her approaching fate, she was perfectly calm, and submitted to all the necessary arrangements with little emotion; but before reaching the scaffold, she fell almost into a senseless state, and required to be supported whilst being attached to the plank. In a few seconds she ceased to exist. EXECUTION IN FRANCE. Marie Gestus, who was lately condemned to death by the Court of Assize of the Haute Caronne, for the murder of her husband, underwent her sentence on the 29th ultimo at Aurignac. On hearing the announcement of her approaching fate, she was perfectly calm, and submitted to all the necessary arrangements with little emotion; but before reaching the scaffold, she fell almost into a senseless state, and required to be supported whilst being attached to the plank. In a few seconds she ceased to exist. 

 PUNISHMENT OF DEATH. Esquimaux Philosophy.— Amongst the Esquimaux, according to Sir John Ross, the crime of murder rarely occurs. When it does, the murderer's punishment consists in being banished to perpetual solitude, or to be shunned by every individual of his tribe— insomuch, that even the sight of him is avoided by all who may inadvertently meet him. On being asked why his life is not taken in return, it was replied, 'that this would be to make themselves as bad; that the loss of his life would not restore the other; and that he who should commit such an act would be equally guilty.' PUNISHMENT OF DEATH. Esquimaux Philosophy. Esquimaux Philosophy. — Amongst the Esquimaux, according to Sir John Ross, the crime of murder rarely occurs. When it does, the murderer's punishment consists in being banished to perpetual solitude, or to be shunned by every individual of his tribe— insomuch, that even the sight of him is avoided by all who may inadvertently meet him. On being asked why his life is not taken in return, it was replied, 'that this would be to make themselves as bad; that the loss of his life would not restore the other; and that he who should commit such an act would be equally guilty.' 

 A SCENE IN COURT. The Adams Sentinel states that while Judge Buchanan was passing sentence of death upon the unhappy criminal Chrise, in Cumberland, Md., last week, his feelings were so excited as almost to impede utterance. After passing sentence, the judge arose, and with him the other members of the court, the bar, and the whole assembly, when he offered up to the Throne of Grace a most fervent prayer in behalf of the doomed and unfortunate man. A SCENE IN COURT. The Adams Sentinel states that while Judge Buchanan was passing sentence of death upon the unhappy criminal Chrise, in Cumberland, Md., last week, his feelings were so excited as almost to impede utterance. After passing sentence, the judge arose, and with him the other members of the court, the bar, and the whole assembly, when he offered up to the Throne of Grace a most fervent prayer in behalf of the doomed and unfortunate man. 

 CONCEALED WEAPONS. In speaking of the custom of carrying concealed weapons, the Albany Argus forcibly remarks: CONCEALED WEAPONS. In speaking of the custom of carrying concealed weapons, the Albany Argus forcibly remarks: 'No man arms himself with a dirk-knife, for instance, without meditating violence, or without reference to some occasion when he may put it to fatal uses. The fact of a person having such weapons about him ought to be, by law, prima facie evidence of an indiscriminate design upon human life, either in self-defence, or in aggression, and he ought to be punished criminally, and as severely in proportion, as in having in one's possession counterfeit bills. The deadly intent ought to be presumed from the fact of possession; as the having counterfeit bills is prima facie proof of an intention to utter them.' 'No man arms himself with a dirk-knife, for instance, without meditating violence, or without reference to some occasion when he may put it to fatal uses. The fact of a person having such weapons about him ought to be, by law, prima facie prima facie evidence of an indiscriminate design upon human life, either in self-defence, or in aggression, and he ought to be punished criminally, and as severely in proportion, as in having in one's possession counterfeit bills. The deadly intent ought to be presumed from the fact of possession; as the having counterfeit bills is prima facie prima facie proof of an intention to utter them.' 

 TASSO'S WISH. Tasso being told that he had an opportunity of taking advantage of a very bitter enemy— 'I wish not to plunder him,' said he, 'but there are things which I wish to take from him; not his honor, his wealth, nor his life— but his ill will.' TASSO'S WISH. Tasso being told that he had an opportunity of taking advantage of a very bitter enemy— 'I wish not to plunder him,' said he, 'but there are things which I wish to take from him; not his honor, his wealth, nor his life— but his ill will. ill will. ' 

 

 In accordance with our promise of last week, we now offer our remarks relative to the discussion of the subjoined resolution, by John Hawkins and others, and the manner in which he treated his opponents, at the meeting of the E.C. Temperance Society, in Danvers, on Wednesday last: In accordance with our promise of last week, we now offer our remarks relative to the discussion of the subjoined resolution, by John Hawkins and others, and the manner in which he he treated his opponents, at the meeting of the E.C. Temperance Society, in Danvers, on Wednesday last: Resolved, That moral suasion for the reformation of the intemperate, and legal suasion for the protection and safety of the temperate, as well as the help of the reclaimed, are the grand instrumentalities of our cause. Resolved, That moral suasion moral suasion for the reformation of the intemperate, and legal suasion legal suasion for the protection protection and safety of the temperate, as well as the help of the reclaimed, are the grand instrumentalities of our cause. The resolution was introduced by M.P. Parish, Esq., who argued strongly in favor of its adoption, and took the occasion, at the same time, by way of some remarks he made, to 'introduce us' to the meeting as the 'champion of moral suasion;' and they were of such a character, as to cause us to speak in reply. After we had done speaking, Rev. A. Sessions, of this city, spoke in opposition to the sentiments we advanced, and took the ground that 'the law' would sooner effect the reformation of the rum-seller, than any purely moral means. The resolution was introduced by M.P. Parish, Esq., who argued strongly in favor of its adoption, and took the occasion, at the same time, by way of some remarks he made, to ' introduce us introduce us ' to the meeting as the 'champion of moral suasion;' and they were of such a character, as to cause us to speak in reply. After we had done speaking, Rev. A. Sessions, of this city, spoke in opposition to the sentiments we advanced, and took the ground that 'the law' would sooner effect the reformation of the rum-seller, than any purely moral means. His arguments were answered by Rev. Mr. Austin, of Danvers; after which, we again engaged in the discussion; John Hawkins 'shuffling' his feet now and then, so as to prevent our voice from being distinctly heard. Then he commenced his attack upon us, Rev. Mr. Austin, and upon all who advocated the efficiency of moral means alone, in the reformation of men from intemperance, and from the vile sin of trafficking in intoxicating drinks. His manner was undignified, unbecoming him as a gentleman, and especially his station as a minister of the gospel; his speech, for the most part, was full of misrepresentations, coarse, false, and abusive. This we are prepared to prove. His arguments were answered by Rev. Mr. Austin, of Danvers; after which, we again engaged in the discussion; John Hawkins 'shuffling' his feet now and then, so as to prevent our voice from being distinctly heard. Then he commenced his attack upon us, Rev. Mr. Austin, and upon all all who advocated the efficiency of moral means means alone, in the reformation of men from intemperance, and from the vile sin of trafficking in intoxicating drinks. His manner was undignified, unbecoming him as a gentleman, and especially his station as a minister of the gospel; his speech, for the most part, was full of misrepresentations, coarse, false, and abusive. This we are prepared to prove. While Rev. Mr. Austin was replying to Rev. Mr. Sessions, Mr. Hawkins commenced this dialogue: While Rev. Mr. Austin was replying to Rev. Mr. Sessions, Mr. Hawkins commenced this dialogue: Hawkins.— Who is that man? Hawkins. Hawkins. — Who is that man? Ans.— Mr. A., a clergyman of this town. Ans. Ans. — Mr. A., a clergyman of this town. Hawkins.— What denomination does he belong to? Hawkins. Hawkins. — What denomination does he belong to? Ans.— The Universalist. Ans. Ans. — The Universalist. Hawkins.— Pshaw! (contemptuously,) (after a brief pause,) I'll give it to that Universalist minister as soon as I get a chance!' And he did 'give it to him,' with a vengeance! In the first place, he read passages from a catechism, of such a character, and in such a way as to introduce sectarianism into the meeting, contrary to the rules of the society, which would naturally produce ill feeling in those who differed from him in regard to religious doctrines; and which he knew at the time, he had no right whatever to introduce on such an occasion. He then, with a loud, angry voice, and in a bully-like manner, (his face all the time as red with passion as any toper's we ever saw,) affirmed that terror of law was the cause of his reformation from drunkenness. No one present, we think, believed the affirmation. How could any person believe it, knowing, as every one knows, that he has often and publicly proclaimed that he was reformed by convictions of duty, and the entreaties of his beloved wife, his 'angel daughter,' their kind offices of affection, and the friendly words and actions of his friends? Hawkins. Hawkins. — Pshaw! (contemptuously,) (after a brief pause,) I'll give it to that Universalist minister as soon as I get a chance!' And he did did 'give it to him,' with a vengeance! In the first place, he read passages from a catechism, of such a character, and in such a way as to introduce sectarianism sectarianism into the meeting, contrary to the rules of the society, which would naturally produce ill feeling in those who differed from him in regard to religious doctrines; and which he knew at the time, he had no right right whatever to introduce on such an occasion. He then, with a loud, angry voice, and in a bully-like manner, (his face all the time as red with passion as any toper's toper's we ever saw,) affirmed that terror of law was the cause of his reformation from drunkenness. No one present, we think, believed the affirmation. How could any person believe it, knowing, as every one knows, that he has often often and publicly publicly proclaimed that he he was reformed by convictions of duty, and the entreaties of his beloved wife, his 'angel daughter,' their kind offices of affection, and the friendly words and actions of his friends? We have positive reasons for believing, if we have not positive facts for knowing, that his particular attack on Mr. Austin arose principally from the fact that Mr. Austin differed from him in his sectarian belief; else, why did he say, when he learned the fact, 'I'll give it to that Universalist minister as soon as I get a chance?' At any rate, we know this, that it was the opinion of every candid person present, that he treated Mr. Austin with disrespect, with insult! No man can use such coarse language, in such a state of animal excitement as John Hawkins then was, without insulting the person he addresses. We have positive reasons for believing believing , if we have not positive facts for knowing knowing , that his particular attack on Mr. Austin arose principally from the fact that Mr. Austin differed from him in his sectarian belief; else, why did he say, when he learned the fact, 'I'll give it to that Universalist minister as soon as I get a chance?' At any rate, we know this, that it was the opinion of every candid person present, that he treated Mr. Austin with disrespect, with insult! No man can use such coarse language, in such a state of animal animal excitement as John Hawkins then was, without insulting the person he addresses. When he made his direct attack upon us, we were sitting nearly opposite to him; and had we not possessed some personal courage, we should have been much alarmed; for such was his gladiatorial appearance, that it seemed as if he intended to crush us by the power of his huge fists, which he held up before our eyes, and shook so terribly in our face. His face was as red as one ever saw the sun at its setting, at the close of a hot, sultry summer's day. His eyes shone like stars on a clear, cold winter's night. His voice was deep, full, strong; and his gesticulations like one in some scene of mortal combat. We cannot describe the animal, not moral sublimity of his appearance. It would be a fit subject for the painter who could depict the ferocity of a wild beast's countenance in a human face. But no more about his animal sublimity. Let us attend to what he said. When he made his direct attack upon us, we were sitting nearly opposite to him; and had we not possessed some some personal courage, we should have been much alarmed; for such was his gladiatorial appearance, that it seemed as if he intended to crush us by the power of his huge fists, which he held up before our eyes, and shook so terribly in our face. His face. His face was as red as one ever saw the sun at its setting, at the close of a hot, sultry summer's day. His eyes shone like stars on a clear, cold winter's night. His voice was deep, full, strong; and his gesticulations like one in some scene of mortal combat. We cannot describe the animal, not moral sublimity sublimity of his appearance. It would be a fit subject for the painter who could depict the ferocity of a wild beast's countenance in a human face. But no more about his animal sublimity. Let us attend to what he said. said. He said that the Washingtonians of Baltimore, although they believed in moral suasion for the inebriate, never had any idea that the rum-seller could be reformed; that they left him to the 'courts.' We have proof that they did believe that even rumsellers could be reformed. Does he want it? But what if they did not? It would only prove they were incorrect. Every person knows that hundreds of them have abandoned the vile traffic, because they were convinced that it was morally wrong, and because moral means were used to convince them of its wrongfulness. We can, if necessary, at any time, produce the names of scores of them, even in this county, who abandoned it because they were led to see their guilt by the use of moral suasion, and that alone! He said that the Washingtonians of Baltimore, although they believed in moral suasion for the inebriate, never had any idea that the rum-seller could be reformed; that they left him to the 'courts.' We have proof that they did did believe that even rumsellers could be reformed. Does he want it? But what if they did not? It would only prove they were incorrect. Every person knows that hundreds hundreds of them have abandoned the vile traffic, because they were convinced that it was morally wrong, and because moral means were used to convince them of its wrongfulness. We can, if necessary, at any time, produce the names of scores of them, even in this county, who abandoned it because they were led to see their guilt by the use of moral suasion, and that alone! He charges us, and all those who are the advocates of moral suasion, with sympathy for the rumsellers; and that all such are hindrances to the cause; that we were not the men who put our hands in our pockets, and paid the fines of the poor inebriates who were convicted at our police courts; that we were not the men who took poor inebriates from our jails, almshouses, and penitentiaries, and restored them to temperate habits and their homes. These assertions, we say, and every real Washingtonian will say, were foul charges, and base libels. We, poor as we are, have more than once saved the inebriate from prison, by the payment of his fines; and no one who knows us, can, with truth, deny that we ever omitted to minister to his relief, whenever it lay in our power. We say this not boastingly; we say it to repel the foul, false charge of non-sympathy for the inebriate. He charges us us , and all those who are the advocates of moral suasion, with sympathy for the rumsellers; and that all such are hindrances to the cause; that we were not the men who put our hands in our pockets, and paid the fines of the poor inebriates who were convicted at our police courts; that we were not the men who took poor inebriates from our jails, almshouses, and penitentiaries, and restored them to temperate habits and their homes. These assertions, we say, and every real Washingtonian will say, were foul charges, and base libels. We We , poor as we are, have more than once saved the inebriate from prison, by the payment of his fines; and no one who knows us, can, with truth, deny that we ever omitted to minister to his relief, whenever it lay in our power. We say this not boastingly; we say it to repel the foul, false charge of non-sympathy for the inebriate. Who that is acquainted with the past or present history of Washingtonianism, does not know that moral suasion, exclusive of every other means, was the doctrine advocated by 'the original six of Baltimore?' that it was the doctrine advocated by John Hawkins himself, on his first visit to Boston, and in every place in New-England, till he sold himself to the old, worn-out organizations, which, till then, had serious thoughts of dying a 'lawful' death? Who does not know that the 'moral suasionists' have done all that has been done for the reformation of the inebriate; that they have taken him from the gutter, from the jail, from the almshouse, from the penitentiary, and made him what he could not altogether be before, a man? Who does not know that they prevented the prison-doors from closing upon him, by the payment of fines imposed upon him by the friends and the administrators of the law? Who does not know that they have watched over his interests, and promoted his welfare, succored him when in need, comforted him when in affliction, given food to his starving family, given clothing to his naked children, and bound up the well-nigh broken heart of his wife, by making him what he was before his fall, an affectionate husband, a kind father, a useful citizen, and all that befits the relation he holds as a member of society? Who that is acquainted with the past or present history of Washingtonianism, does not know that moral suasion, exclusive of every other exclusive of every other means, was the doctrine advocated by 'the original six of Baltimore?' that it was the doctrine advocated by John Hawkins himself, on his first visit to Boston, and in every place in New-England, till he sold himself to the old, worn-out organizations, which, till then, had serious thoughts of dying a 'lawful' death? Who does not know that the 'moral suasionists' have done all that has been done for the reformation of the inebriate; that they have taken him from the gutter, from the jail, from the almshouse, from the penitentiary, and made him what he could not altogether be before, a man? Who does not know that they prevented the prison-doors from closing upon him, by the payment of fines imposed upon him by the friends friends and the administrators of the law? Who does not know that they have watched over his interests, and promoted his welfare, succored him when in need, comforted him when in affliction, given food to his starving family, given clothing to his naked children, and bound up the well-nigh broken heart of his wife, by making him what he was before his fall, an affectionate husband, a kind father, a useful citizen, and all that befits the relation he holds as a member of society? We can account for the conduct and language of John Hawkins on this occasion, on no other ground than that his self-esteem was inflated, and his mind and body intoxicated with the spirit of sectarianism, of which he has lately drunk far too freely. He needs as great a reformation now from the spirit of sectarianism and of law, as he did three years since from his habits of intemperance; of which, we thank God, he is now, and, we believe, forever free! We can account for the conduct and language of John Hawkins on this occasion, on no other ground than that his self-esteem was inflated, and his mind and body intoxicated body intoxicated with the spirit spirit of sectarianism, of which he has lately drunk far too freely. He needs as great a reformation now from the spirit of sectarianism and of law, as he did three years since from his habits of intemperance; of which, we thank God, he is now, and, we believe, forever free! He has, as we have told him, face to face, departed from the principles he once professed, and practically carried out, and which, we hope, he may again be led to embrace; and thereby hasten the time when inebriety shall be known as a sin that is past, and one which shall never again curse our country and the world. This he cannot do by means of civil law, but by obeying himself, and leading his brethren to obey that law which is, above all others, the law of God, and that is one of love. He has, as we have told him, face to face, departed from the principles he once professed, and practically carried out, and which, we hope, he may again be led to embrace; and thereby hasten the time when inebriety shall be known as a sin that is past, and one which shall never again curse our country and the world. This he cannot do by means of civil law, but by obeying himself, and leading his brethren to obey that law which is, above all others, the law of God, and that is one of love. love. 

 We learn from the Nashville Whig that the total value of taxable property in the State of Tennessee is as follows: We learn from the Nashville Whig that the total value of taxable property in the State of Tennessee is as follows: Table  Table  Stabbed.— A colored man named John Anderson, head waiter of the American House, was severely stabbed in the right arm with a dirk-knife, by Robert Allen Hall, son of the proprietor of the American, on Tuesday evening. The assault was made in an altercation between Hall and the waiter about some trifling matter. The former was arrested yesterday afternoon, and bound over in $500 by the Mayor. Stabbed. Stabbed. — A colored man named John Anderson, head waiter of the American House, was severely stabbed in the right arm with a dirk-knife, by Robert Allen Hall, son of the proprietor of the American, on Tuesday evening. The assault was made in an altercation between Hall and the waiter about some trifling matter. The former was arrested yesterday afternoon, and bound over in $500 by the Mayor. Professor Owen obtained some years ago the fossil fragments of a New-Zealand bird, from which he ascertained that the living specimens were sixteen feet high. Professor Owen obtained some years ago the fossil fragments of a New-Zealand bird, from which he ascertained that the living specimens were sixteen feet high. Perfectionism— The Synod of New-York and New-Jersey (New School) decide that the holding and preaching of the doctrine of sinless perfection in this life disqualifies one for remaining a minister of the Presbyterian church!! Perfectionism Perfectionism — The Synod of New-York and New-Jersey (New School) decide that the holding and preaching of the doctrine of sinless perfection in this life disqualifies one for remaining a minister of the Presbyterian church!! There was on board the steamer Queen, recently lost on the English coast, a man who was going over to Ireland, with his wife and three children, to buy a farm. He had with him $10,000 in sovereigns, the entire savings of 20 years, which were all lost. By carrying his money with him, this man saved a six-pence, the cost of an order on the Bank of Ireland. There was on board the steamer Queen, recently lost on the English coast, a man who was going over to Ireland, with his wife and three children, to buy a farm. He had with him $10,000 in sovereigns, the entire savings of 20 years, which were all lost. By carrying his money with him, this man saved a six-pence, the cost of an order on the Bank of Ireland. The Dumfries Courier, which deals largely in extraordinary 'facts for the naturalists,' has just now got hold of a droll dog, the property of a Scotch minister. The dog was always a regular church-goer; and now that this master has joined the Free church, he persists in sticking to the old place of worship, instead of countenancing the seceding parson! The Dumfries Courier, which deals largely in extraordinary 'facts for the naturalists,' has just now got hold of a droll dog, the property of a Scotch minister. The dog was always a regular church-goer; and now that this master has joined the Free church, he persists in sticking to the old place of worship, instead of countenancing the seceding parson! There is a stave-cutting and barrel making machine in operation in Vermont, which is capable of cutting, from the rough timber, staves and heading sufficient for five hundred barrels a day, and can fit and prepare for setting up and finishing about two hundred barrels in the same time. There is a stave-cutting and barrel making machine in operation in Vermont, which is capable of cutting, from the rough timber, staves and heading sufficient for five hundred barrels a day, and can fit and prepare for setting up and finishing about two hundred barrels in the same time. Railway Velocipedes.— Last week Mr. Braithwaite and another gentleman arrived at Brentwood from the Shoreditch station by the rail, each upon a four-wheel locomotive propelled by themselves, at the rate of at least twelve miles an hour.— London paper. Railway Velocipedes. Railway Velocipedes. — Last week Mr. Braithwaite and another gentleman arrived at Brentwood from the Shoreditch station by the rail, each upon a four-wheel locomotive propelled by themselves, at the rate of at least twelve miles an hour.— London paper. London paper. 'War to the palace, and peace to the cottage,' was the principle of the French revolution,' says the Tory Alison. It would be quite as near the truth to say, that 'peace to the palace and war to the cottage' was the principle of the hoary despots whose oppressions and vices caused it. 'War to the palace, and peace to the cottage,' was the principle of the French revolution,' says the Tory Alison. It would be quite as near the truth to say, that 'peace to the palace and war to the cottage' was the principle of the hoary despots whose oppressions and vices caused it. Nineteen millions, five hundred thousand dollars of the capital stock of the Bostonians is invested in railroad stock, which yields a higher rate of interest than any like investment in the United States. Nineteen millions, five hundred thousand dollars of the capital stock of the Bostonians is invested in railroad stock, which yields a higher rate of interest than any like investment in the United States. At the Presbyterian Synod in Baltimore, last week, the Rev. Mr. Dale, agent of the Pennsylvania Bible Society, stated that there are 30,000 families or 150,000 souls in the State of Pennsylvania alone that have no Bible. At the Presbyterian Synod in Baltimore, last week, the Rev. Mr. Dale, agent of the Pennsylvania Bible Society, stated that there are 30,000 families or 150,000 souls in the State of Pennsylvania alone that have no Bible. Yesterday morning, a barn was burt in Roxbury, near the railroad crossing, together with nineteen cows, and a large quantity of hay and grain;— loss, $3000. Yesterday morning, a barn was burt in Roxbury, near the railroad crossing, together with nineteen cows, and a large quantity of hay and grain;— loss, $3000. The riots in Scotland are on the increase in violence. The rioters have broken into the goal of Cromarty, and liberated the woman held prisoner there for the late disturbances at Resolis. The rioters are every day augmenting in numbers and daring. The riots in Scotland are on the increase in violence. The rioters have broken into the goal of Cromarty, and liberated the woman held prisoner there for the late disturbances at Resolis. The rioters are every day augmenting in numbers and daring. A silk-worm is one of the greatest gormandizers in existence. When first hatched, it requires about forty-eight meals a day! A silk-worm is one of the greatest gormandizers in existence. When first hatched, it requires about forty-eight meals a day! An English paper advertises premises to rent, and mentions as an inducement, that there is 'gospel ministry and good fishing.' An English paper advertises premises to rent, and mentions as an inducement, that there is 'gospel ministry and good fishing.' 

