 The Norfolk County Anti-Slavery Society held a quarterly meeting at Walpole, on Thursday, 24th ult. in the Unitarian meeting-house. Edmund Quincy, the President, in the chair. In the absence of the Secretary, George Allen, of Medfield, was appointed Secretary pro tem. The following resolutions were discussed by Messrs. Edmund Quincy, Edward Lane, George Hawes, William Ritchie, and Abner Belcher, and were all unanimously adopted, excepting the sixth, which passed, with two dissenting voices. The Norfolk County Anti-Slavery Society held a quarterly meeting at Walpole, on Thursday, 24th ult. in the Unitarian meeting-house. Edmund Quincy, the President, in the chair. In the absence of the Secretary, George Allen, of Medfield, was appointed Secretary pro tem. pro tem. The following resolutions were discussed by Messrs. Edmund Quincy, Edward Lane, George Hawes, William Ritchie, and Abner Belcher, and were all unanimously adopted, excepting the sixth, which passed passed , with two two dissenting voices. (The resolutions being substantially the same as were adopted at the late Convention in New Bedford, and published in our last number, we deem it unnecessary to append them in this connexion.)— Ed. Lib. (The resolutions being substantially the same as were adopted at the late Convention in New Bedford, and published in our last number, we deem it unnecessary to append them in this connexion.)— Ed. Lib. Ed. Lib. The meeting was well, though not numerously attended by abolitionists from various parts of the county, who were entertained with true anti-slavery hospitality by the Walpole friends. It was an occasion of interest and encouragement to those who attended the meeting, and they went up from it with their hearts strengthened and encouraged for fresh labors in the cause of freedom. The meeting was well, though not numerously attended by abolitionists from various parts of the county, who were entertained with true anti-slavery hospitality by the Walpole friends. It was an occasion of interest and encouragement to those who attended the meeting, and they went up from it with their hearts strengthened and encouraged for fresh labors in the cause of freedom. EDMUND QUINCY, President. EDMUND QUINCY, President. President. GEORGE ALLEN, Sec'ry pro tem. GEORGE ALLEN, Sec'ry pro tem. Sec'ry pro tem. 

 3 o'clock. Diana Bath, Vienna. 3 o'clock. Diana Bath, Vienna. o'clock. Diana Bath, Vienna. We hastened with our baggage to the Golden Lamb hotel, one of the best in the city— bespoke rooms, deposited our luggage in them, and then hastened to this place, and plunged into cold water, as a starving man goes to his food. The hath is about 75 feet long, and 25 feet wide; at one end 4 feet deep; at the other 10 feet deep; to afford means to those who swim and those who do not. At the shallow and is a douche, a stream of cold water, as large as the thumb, falling all the time about fifteen feet into the bath; and a shower bath falling all the time about the same distance— so that one can take a plunge bath, a shower bath, and a douche bath, all in one. There are now about fifteen persons in the bath, swimming and splashing about. Several young boys here, learning to swim— ropes are tied around them, under the arms, and a man standing on the marble pavement holding the rope, and showing them how. Poor fellows! One has just sunk under; the teacher slackened the rope and let him sink on purpose to try him, and give him confidence. The little follow came strangling and spouting up, taking it all good naturedly. We hastened with our baggage to the Golden Lamb hotel, one of the best in the city— bespoke rooms, deposited our luggage in them, and then hastened to this place, and plunged into cold water, as a starving man goes to his food. The hath is about 75 feet long, and 25 feet wide; at one end 4 feet deep; at the other 10 feet deep; to afford means to those who swim and those who do not. At the shallow and is a douche douche , a stream of cold water, as large as the thumb, falling all the time about fifteen feet into the bath; and a shower bath falling all the time about the same distance— so that one can take a plunge bath, a shower bath, and a douche bath, all in one. There are now about fifteen persons in the bath, swimming and splashing about. Several young boys here, learning to swim— ropes are tied around them, under the arms, and a man standing on the marble pavement holding the rope, and showing them how. Poor fellows! One has just sunk under; the teacher slackened the rope and let him sink on purpose to try him, and give him confidence. The little follow came strangling and spouting up, taking it all good naturedly. I have been in about ten minutes, and nothing can be more refreshing, after a hot and dusty ride of 90 miles, (distance from Olmutz to Vienna, south-west direction.) Now I am sitting with a long linen robe about me, provided in the establishment, scribbling in my pencil journal— metallic pencil, paper prepared expressly for the pencil, and the mark is nearly as indelible as ink. Such a journal and pencil I carry in my pocket, to write in, in all places. All around me are men sitting on the seats, as I am, to enjoy the delicious sensation, after bathing, of the cool, pure air, the bath being enclosed in a large, high, open building. Some are reading novels, some papers, and some are talking and laughing. I have been in about ten minutes, and nothing can be more refreshing, after a hot and dusty ride of 90 miles, (distance from Olmutz to Vienna, south-west direction.) Now I am sitting with a long linen robe about me, provided in the establishment, scribbling in my pencil journal— metallic pencil, paper prepared expressly for the pencil, and the mark is nearly as indelible as ink. Such a journal and pencil I carry in my pocket, to write in, in all places. All around me are men sitting on the seats, as I am, to enjoy the delicious sensation, after bathing, of the cool, pure air, the bath being enclosed in a large, high, open building. Some are reading novels, some papers, and some are talking and laughing. This bath is open to all who can pay 15 cents. Here they can bathe the year round, and those who pay by the year for their families do not pay half as much. If governments, instead of lavishing the people's money on bands of men, kept in their pay solely to 'kill, slay and destroy,' would support such bathing establishments all about the country, for the health and comfort the inhabitants, it would be much better. But the popular opinion is, that governments could not exist without cutting the throats of their human victims— for governments must be gorged with human blood, and fattened on human flesh, or they die. Better fight our enemies with cold baths than with guns and swords. This bath is open to all who can pay 15 cents. Here they can bathe the year round, and those who pay by the year for their families do not pay half as much. If governments, instead of lavishing the people's money on bands of men, kept in their pay solely to 'kill, slay and destroy,' would support such bathing establishments all about the country, for the health and comfort the inhabitants, it would be much better. But the popular opinion is, that governments could not exist without cutting the throats of their human victims— for governments must be gorged with human blood, and fattened on human flesh, or they die. Better fight our enemies with cold baths than with guns and swords. 5 o'clock. Dinner table.— About thirty men and women at the table— apparently of the first ranks, as certain classes are called in society— most of them people of Vienna— some travellers.' On my right is an Englishman, on my left an Austrian, and next to him an Englishman, who has just come up the Danube from Constantinople, through the Black sea, by steam all the way— some ten or twelve hundred miles— 20 days coming up, the current so strong against them. There are Italians, Frenchmen, Prussians, Swiss, Russians, Austrians, and English at the table— many with long beards, and nearly all with mustaches, curiously and nicely cut and greased and painted. Dinner has been served up in ten different dishes. Nothing set on the table to be curved. All carved in another room, or at a side table, and handed round by waiters on plates to each guest— one waiter bearing a plate of carved meat and the gravy, and another a plate and vegetables, and each takes from the plate as he pleases, and eats, and before he has scarce cleared his plate, comes a waiter and whips away the plate, and leaves a clean one. Thus each dish is served, and the plate whipped away and changed at each dish. This is the way dinners are served in all the German hotels. 5 o'clock. Dinner table. o'clock. Dinner table. — About thirty men and women at the table— apparently of the first ranks, as certain classes are called in society— most of them people of Vienna— some travellers.' On my right is an Englishman, on my left an Austrian, and next to him an Englishman, who has just come up the Danube from Constantinople, through the Black sea, by steam all the way— some ten or twelve hundred miles— 20 days coming up, the current so strong against them. There are Italians, Frenchmen, Prussians, Swiss, Russians, Austrians, and English at the table— many with long beards, and nearly all with mustaches, curiously and nicely cut and greased and painted. Dinner has been served up in ten different dishes. Nothing set on the table to be curved. All carved in another room, or at a side table, and handed round by waiters on plates to each guest— one waiter bearing a plate of carved meat and the gravy, and another a plate and vegetables, and each takes from the plate as he pleases, and eats, and before he has scarce cleared his plate, comes a waiter and whips away the plate, and leaves a clean one. Thus each dish is served, and the plate whipped away and changed at each dish. This is the way dinners are served in all the German hotels. Now the fruits and nuts are on the table, and each is helping himself. A few have left the table. We commenced at 4 o'clock. We have been at it nearly an hour and an half. I have tasted a little of every dish, to learn what it was like; and some of the dishes were compounds highly offensive to more senses than one, on me, yet greatly liked by many others. Not less than two thirds of the guests, now at table, are smoking their cigars. The room is full of smoke, and that, combined with the smell of the dinner in a hot room with confined air, as it is here, is but just endurable. I would go, but I want to see the end. But I find that a knowledge of men and things to be gained at a German 'table d' hote,' as the dinner is called, must be gained by sufferings little less than martyrdom. The men are eating fruit and nuts, and sucking in and puffing out again great columns and clouds of tobacco smoke, at intervals of eating. After the simple, coarse, and healthful diet of Graefenberg, for the last six months, I should not wonder if, by some suffering, I had to pay the penalty of this indulgence, or rather this eating to get wisdom, for to taste of many of the dishes has been any thing but an indulgence. I wonder not that people have gout, apoplexy, paralysis, and that they become stupid, brutish, idiotic. How can it be otherwise, when they load their stomachs with such loathsome compounds? and pour down with it and upon it such vast quantities of wine and brandy? But two or three guests at this dinner table but had their wine bottles, women and men. Then, to crown all, comes tobacco smoke, the climax of glory. But in this glory the women could have no share. Heaven made them women— therefore they have no right to smoke tobacco— no more right than they have to speak in public! I think it would be as great an insult and outrage upon the superior dignity and glory of the masculine gender in Germany for the women to smoke, as it would to the lordly Brahman for a woman to sit down at his table and eat a bit of rice with him; or as it would be to the ordained lordly priest for a woman to go into his pulpit, and face an audience in America, and tell them about the wrongs of the imbruted slave. The German would roll up his eyes in horror, and say— 'Let the women keep'— from smoking tobacco— we want that work all to ourselves— it is our prerogative, as men, to smoke tobacco— let the women keep in their appropriate sphere— let the women be in subjection.' So the priests in America say— 'Let the women keep silence— it is our prerogative, as men, to speak for the slave— silence is woman's appropriate sphere; and better the slave should perish in his chains, than that woman should procure his freedom by coming into our pulpits, and invading our divine prerogative. We want the pulpits, with all their honors and emoluments, to ourselves.' So the slave must ever remain a slave, for the priests with never speak in earnest for his redemption. Now the fruits and nuts are on the table, and each is helping himself. A few have left the table. We commenced at 4 o'clock. We have been at it nearly an hour and an half. I have tasted a little of every dish, to learn what it was like; and some of the dishes were compounds highly offensive to more senses than one, on me, yet greatly liked by many others. Not less than two thirds of the guests, now at table, are smoking their cigars. The room is full of smoke, and that, combined with the smell of the dinner in a hot room with confined air, as it is here, is but just endurable. I would go, but I want to see the end. But I find that a knowledge of men and things to be gained at a German ' table d' hote table d' hote ,' as the dinner is called, must be gained by sufferings little less than martyrdom. The men are eating fruit and nuts, and sucking in and puffing out again great columns and clouds of tobacco smoke, at intervals of eating. After the simple, coarse, and healthful diet of Graefenberg, for the last six months, I should not wonder if, by some suffering, I had to pay the penalty of this indulgence, or rather this eating to get wisdom eating to get wisdom , for to taste of many of the dishes has been any thing but an indulgence. I wonder not that people have gout, apoplexy, paralysis, and that they become stupid, brutish, idiotic. How can it be otherwise, when they load their stomachs with such loathsome compounds? and pour down with it and upon it such vast quantities of wine and brandy? But two or three guests at this dinner table but had their wine bottles, women and men. Then, to crown all, comes tobacco smoke, the climax of glory. But in this glory the women could have no share. Heaven made them women women — therefore they have no right to smoke tobacco— no more right than they have to speak in public! I think it would be as great an insult and outrage upon the superior dignity and glory of the masculine gender in Germany for the women to smoke, as it would to the lordly Brahman for a woman to sit down at his table and eat a bit of rice with him; or as it would be to the ordained lordly priest for a woman to go into his pulpit, and face an audience in America, and tell them about the wrongs of the imbruted slave. The German would roll up his eyes in horror, and say— 'Let the women keep'— from smoking tobacco— we want that work all to ourselves— it is our prerogative, as men men , to smoke tobacco— let the women keep in their appropriate sphere— let the women be in subjection.' So the priests in America say— 'Let the women women keep silence— it is our prerogative, as men men , to speak for the slave— silence silence is woman's appropriate sphere; and better the slave should perish in his chains, than that woman should procure his freedom by coming into our pulpits, and invading our divine prerogative. We want the pulpits, with all their honors and emoluments, to ourselves.' So the slave must ever remain a slave, for the priests with never speak in earnest for his redemption. I would be sorry to see the women smoke, but I do not like to see them kept from smoking because they are women. Yet this is as good a reason why they should not smoke, as it is why they should not preach. I would be sorry to see the women smoke, but I do not like to see them kept from smoking because they are women. Yet this is as good a reason why they should not smoke, as it is why they should not preach. 6 o'clock. 6 o'clock. o'clock. Now looking at a post, near St. Stephen's cathedral. The Golden Lamb is in the suburbs of the town, without the wall, in the Leopoldstadt. I left the dinner guests smoking, eating fruit and nuts, and came over a small river, a branch of the Danube, and entered the walls into the city proper. Here passed through several streets, all rather narrow, but well paved and cleanly swept. I came to this place, out of my way, on purpose to see this post, standing in the very heart of the city. The post is the truck of a tree, the only one now left of a vast forest that in former days extended to this spot, now the centre of the city. The post is entirely encircled by iron hoops, to preserve it, and so many large nails have been driven into it, that there is now no place for more. I was asking a man who was with me, how came these nails in it? 'They were driven into it by apprentices,' said he. It has been the practice for [ ] among the young men that have served apprenticeship at any trade in Vienna, soon as their apprenticeship expires, before they set up to work for themselves, to set out and travel, and work as they travel, in different countries, enough to maintain themselves, and thus to perfect themselves in their trade, by seeing how it is carried on in other lands. Thus they travel, four or five years, and then return to Vienna, and are supposed to be competent to set up for themselves. It was the custom of every apprentice, before he set out upon this journey, to drive his nail into this post, in [ ] of his fellow tradesmen. Such was the superstitious importance attached to this ceremony, of driving the nail, that the young tradesman dared not set out in his travels without it, lest some terrible calamity should overtake him. To neglect this rite was to be exposed to disappointments, to robbers, to assasins, to sickness, and to death; but performing it with all due and reverent sincerity, and hearty good will was regarded as a security, a kind of charm against all danger. So these nails, driven into this post, are, in fact, a kind of votive offering, to propitiate some [ ] power or influence that controlled the young artisans of Vienna. But those poor young artizans might as well hope to propitiate the power that they supposed had control over their destiny, by driving a nail into this post, as the rich and noble hope to propitiate the Deity by building and endowing churches, cathedrals, monasteries, or by confessions to a priest. Now looking at a post post , near St. Stephen's cathedral. The Golden Lamb is in the suburbs of the town, without the wall, in the Leopoldstadt. Leopoldstadt. I left the dinner guests smoking, eating fruit and nuts, and came over a small river, a branch of the Danube, and entered the walls into the city proper. Here passed through several streets, all rather narrow, but well paved and cleanly swept. I came to this place, out of my way, on purpose to see this post, standing in the very heart of the city. The post is the truck of a tree, the only one now left of a vast forest that in former days extended to this spot, now the centre of the city. The post is entirely encircled by iron hoops, to preserve it, and so many large nails have been driven into it, that there is now no place for more. I was asking a man who was with me, how came these nails in it? 'They were driven into it by apprentices,' said he. It has been the practice for [ ] among the young men that have served apprenticeship at any trade in Vienna, soon as their apprenticeship expires, before they set up to work for themselves, to set out and travel, and work as they travel, in different countries, enough to maintain themselves, and thus to perfect themselves in their trade, by seeing how it is carried on in other lands. Thus they travel, four or five years, and then return to Vienna, and are supposed to be competent to set up for themselves. It was the custom of every apprentice, before he set out upon this journey, to drive his nail into this post, in [ ] of his fellow tradesmen. Such was the superstitious importance attached to this ceremony, of driving the nail driving the nail , that the young tradesman dared not set out in his travels without it, lest some terrible calamity should overtake him. To neglect this rite was to be exposed to disappointments, to robbers, to assasins, to sickness, and to death; but performing it with all due and reverent sincerity, and hearty good will was regarded as a security, a kind of charm against all danger. So these nails, driven into this post, are, in fact, a kind of votive offering, to propitiate some [ ] power or influence that controlled the young artisans of Vienna. But those poor young artizans might as well hope to propitiate the power that they supposed had control over their destiny, by driving a nail into this post, as the rich and noble hope to propitiate the Deity by building and endowing churches, cathedrals, monasteries, or by confessions to a priest. 

 . . . . . . He had no doubt but it expressed the sentiments of the Association, and he hoped it would pass without discussion. He then read the following resolution: He had no doubt but it expressed the sentiments of the Association, and he hoped it would pass without discussion. He then read the following resolution: 'Whereas the circumstances of the times seem to us to require that we should make clearly known our sentiment's on the subject of slavery; therefore, 'Whereas the circumstances of the times seem to us to require that we should make clearly known our sentiment's on the subject of slavery; therefore, Resolved, That we regard American slavery as a system of aggravated wrong, which we cannot by any means approve or countenance, and we would most affectionately and earnestly request all professors of religion, who are connected with this system, to separate themselves from it as speedily as possible.' Resolved, That we regard American slavery as a system of aggravated wrong, which we cannot by any means approve or countenance, and we would most affectionately and earnestly request all professors of religion, who are connected with this system, to separate themselves from it as speedily as possible.' The Rev. Mr. Trumbull immediately seconded this resolution, with the remark that he should be gratified if it could pass without debate. Deacon K., an aged brother now residing in Brookline, rose to express his dissent, but before he uttered his first word, the moderator was calling for the yeas and nays; and from the whole body hands went instantaneously up in favor of the resolution; but not one was raised against it. Deacon K. went on and stated his entire dissent; on which the moderator inquired if the motion should be put again. Several members nodding assent, he immediately called for the yeas on the resolution again: and again there was 'a forest of uplifted hands;' he called for the nays, and the hand of the venerable deacon arose, 'solitary and alone'! The Rev. Mr. Trumbull immediately seconded this resolution, with the remark that he should be gratified if it could pass without debate. Deacon K., an aged brother now residing in Brookline, rose to express his dissent, but before he uttered his first word, the moderator was calling for the yeas and nays; and from the whole body hands went instantaneously up in favor of the resolution; but not one was raised against it. Deacon K. went on and stated his entire dissent; on which the moderator inquired if the motion should be put again. Several members nodding assent, he immediately called for the yeas on the resolution again: and again there was 'a forest of uplifted hands;' he called for the nays, and the hand of the venerable deacon arose, 'solitary and alone'! Our readers, South as well as North, will observe that this action was taken by forty ministers of this city and vicinity, with other delegates from the several churches, with such promptitude and unanimity, that they seemed all to rejoice in the opportunity of giving such an expression. We are happy to know that the action was approved by the moderator, and by many members of the Baptist Board of Missions who were present. The motion was made and seconded by members of the Board, and if some eight or nine who were present did not all vote for it, not one voted against it. Thus it is, that the resolution, passed by a few brethren recently at Albany, is verified; thus are the members of the old Board manifesting 'an incurable proslavery spirit,' and giving proof that their organization is hopelessly wedded to slavery. Our readers, South as well as North, will observe that this action was taken by forty ministers of this city and vicinity, with other delegates from the several churches, with such promptitude and unanimity, that they seemed all to rejoice in the opportunity of giving such an expression. We are happy to know that the action was approved by the moderator, and by many members of the Baptist Board of Missions who were present. The motion was made made and seconded seconded by members of the Board, and if some eight or nine who were present did not all vote for for it, not one voted against against it. Thus it is, that the resolution, passed by a few brethren recently at Albany, is verified; verified; thus are the members of the old Board manifesting 'an incurable proslavery spirit,' and giving proof that their organization is hopelessly wedded to slavery. We do not suppose that there is an entire unanimity sentiment in the Boston Association on this subject. We know very well that some two-thirds of the ministers would have been pleased to pass resolutions, more fully and strongly expressive of their abhorrence of that system by which human beings are converted to chattels, the ties of family wantonly sundered, and men, women and children sold under the hammer. But it was wise not to propose resolutions, on the phraseology of which a discussion might have arisen; and thus time and strength have been wasted. The resolution which was passed is a strong and an unqualified testimony. It covers broad ground; and yet, of its truth we are all impressed. And that the Boston Association is willing to entertain the subject in any form, and especially to take action upon it, indicates a sense of duty on the part of brethren, to both the and the North, which is very gratifying and encouraging to all the true friends of emancipation. We are more than ever convinced, that a kind and considerate exposition of the truth on this subject, contributes far more effectually to the progress and triumph of correct principles, than the 'come-outism' denunciation and abuse, which some have regarded as the only certain evidences of anti-slavery sincerity— Christian Reflector. We do not suppose that there is an entire unanimity sentiment in the Boston Association on this subject. We know very well that some two-thirds of the ministers would have been pleased to pass resolutions, more fully and strongly expressive of their abhorrence of that system by which human beings are converted to chattels, the ties of family wantonly sundered, and men, women and children sold under the hammer. But it was wise not to propose resolutions, on the phraseology phraseology of which a discussion might have arisen; and thus time and strength have been wasted. The resolution which was passed is a strong and an unqualified testimony. It covers broad ground; and yet, of its truth we are all impressed. And that the Boston Association is willing to entertain the subject in any form, and especially to take action upon it, indicates a sense of duty on the part of brethren, to both the and the North, which is very gratifying and encouraging to all the true friends of emancipation. We are more than ever convinced, that a kind and considerate exposition of the truth on this subject, contributes far more effectually to the progress and triumph of correct principles, than the 'come-outism' denunciation and abuse, which some have regarded as the only certain evidences of anti-slavery sincerity— Christian Reflector. Christian Reflector. 

 Extract of a letter from Rowland T. Robinson, a well known and highly esteemed member of the Society of Friends, to the Editor of the Liberator: Extract of a letter from Rowland T. Robinson, a well known and highly esteemed member of the Society of Friends, to the Editor of the Liberator: 'I was pleased to see the copious extracts from the 'Madison Papers' in the last Liberator: they are coming just in time to meet our Liberty party friends in their foolish attempt to rescue our old rotten Constitution from the charge of its being a wicked, pro-slavery compromise. 'I was pleased to see the copious extracts from the 'Madison Papers' in the last Liberator: they are coming just in time to meet our Liberty party friends in their foolish attempt to rescue our old rotten Constitution from the charge of its being a wicked, pro-slavery compromise. The 'Extracts' settle the question on the points to which they specially refer, and I hope they will be continued, that we may see the full measure of iniquity which was perpetrated by our sainted fathers, in adjusting that bond which has doomed one-sixth of our countrymen to chains and servitude. The 'Extracts' settle the question on the points to which they specially refer, and I hope they will be continued they will be continued , that we may see the full measure of iniquity which was perpetrated by our sainted fathers, in adjusting that bond which has doomed one-sixth of our countrymen to chains and servitude. We have commenced a little discussion of the question in our town, whether an abolitionist can consistently affirm to support the Constitution. Our 'LIBERTY' friends resort to various expedients to get over the difficulty presented by pro-slavery parts of the instrument, according as they adopt the fallacies of John Pierpont, Alvan Stewart, or others equally absurd, of their own devising. Let us have the extracts— they are invaluable.' We have commenced a little discussion of the question in our town, whether an abolitionist can consistently affirm to support the Constitution. Our 'LIBERTY' friends resort to various expedients to get over the difficulty presented by pro-slavery parts of the instrument, according as they adopt the fallacies of John Pierpont, Alvan Stewart, or others equally absurd, of their own devising. Let us have the extracts— they are invaluable.' Our worthy friend James D. Herrick, of Methuen, writes to us as follows: Our worthy friend James D. Herrick, of Methuen, writes to us as follows: 'I have, of late, been reading the 'Madison Papers,' and am entirely convinced that the Constitution of the United States is a pro-slavery document, and therefore pledge myself never again, knowingly, to give it any support.' 'I have, of late, been reading the 'Madison Papers,' and am entirely convinced that the Constitution of the United States is a pro-slavery document, and therefore pledge myself never again, knowingly, to give it any support.' 

 Under the editorship of Mrs. Child, this paper was an admirable one, and though it contained many things that we could not endorse, we always read it with pleasure. Upon her retirement, it passed into the hands of her husband, and not only became colored with the Whiggery of its editor, but in almost every respect degenerated from its former excellence. At length, Child's partizanship become too gross for any honest abolitionist to endure, and he was compelled to resign the station he had abused, and the paper passed into the hands of a trio of editors, consisting of S.H. Gay, Maria W. Chapman and Edmund Quincy— all of whom, if we mistake not, belong to the anti-Sabbath, anti-church, anti-ministry, anti-government school of abolitionists. We can't say that the paper has improved much by we change. It is one of the most insidious, unscrupulous, and dishonest enemies of the Liberty party that can be found in the country. It hesitates not to malign and libel our best and purest men, and utters, with the most unblushing effrontery, the most monstrous falsehoods against our cause. In its last number, it seizes with eagerness the lie of the Whig papers that there is a coalition between Mr. Birney and the 'Locos,' and presents it as evidence that the Liberty party is about to unite with a portion of the Democratic party, will soon find their leaders at the old game of transferring, and themselves up for the bids of the South.' And the man who thus deliberately and with malice prepense maligns the Liberty party, still professes to be an abolitionist! Out upon his hypocrisy! While coalescing with pro-slavery Whigs and all hates of abolitionism, to destroy, with the weapons of falsehood and detraction, the only anti-slavery movement that promises to effect anything for the slave's redemption, he deserves not the name of abolitionist, whatever may be his pretensions. (W.H. BURLEIGH.) Under the editorship of Mrs. Child, this paper was an admirable one, and though it contained many things that we could not endorse, we always read it with pleasure. Upon her retirement, it passed into the hands of her husband, and not only became colored with the Whiggery of its editor, but in almost every respect degenerated from its former excellence. At length, Child's partizanship become too gross for any honest abolitionist to endure, and he was compelled to resign the station he had abused, and the paper passed into the hands of a trio of editors, consisting of S.H. Gay, Maria W. Chapman and Edmund Quincy— all of whom, if we mistake not, belong to the anti-Sabbath, anti-church, anti-ministry, anti-government school of abolitionists. We can't say that the paper has improved much by we change. It is one of the most insidious, unscrupulous, and dishonest enemies of the Liberty party that can be found in the country. It hesitates not to malign and libel our best and purest men, and utters, with the most unblushing effrontery, the most monstrous falsehoods against our cause. In its last number, it seizes with eagerness the lie of the Whig papers that there is a coalition between Mr. Birney and the 'Locos,' and presents it as evidence that the Liberty party is about to unite with a portion of the Democratic party, will soon find their leaders at the old game of transferring, transferring, and themselves up for the bids of the South.' And the man who thus deliberately and with malice prepense maligns the Liberty party, still professes professes to be an abolitionist! abolitionist! Out upon his hypocrisy! While coalescing with pro-slavery Whigs and all hates of abolitionism, to destroy, with the weapons of falsehood and detraction, the only anti-slavery movement that promises to effect anything for the slave's redemption, he deserves not the name of abolitionist, whatever may be his pretensions. (W.H. BURLEIGH.) 

 We commend at this solemn crisis to every journal in this country, opposed to the annexation of Texas, the republication of the thrilling lines, on this subject, from the Boston Courier, which we have placed in our poetical department. We commend at this solemn crisis to every journal in this country, opposed to the annexation of Texas, the republication of the thrilling lines, on this subject, from the Boston Courier, which we have placed in our poetical department. 

 The upstart boy, Clapp, as Adam Wilson, of Zion's Advocate, calls the fellow who spoke in behalf of the Come-outers, in this city, a few weeks since, has been placing some of his ravings on paper, and denounces our Mayor and good citizens as cowards and hypocrites. He says he triumphed over Neal, and his cause prospered astonishingly in Portland. What can the rascal mean? It was not enough for him to insult our citizens face to face, but he must continue his indecent work in print. We should want no better sport than to see this fellow in the hands of some southern overseer, who would give him, well laid on, the castigation he so much deserves. We sincerely believe that a sound whipping would do him good; it would certainly teach him to be respectful to his superiors— a lesson he has never been taught— and make him know where his place is, and keep him there. A more impudent, headstrong, provoking piece of a saucebox we never came across, although in our day we have seen not a few crooked sticks. Justice will yet be meted out to him, and in a way, too, that he little dreams of, unless he changes his course, and that speedily.— Portland Tribune. The upstart boy, Clapp, as Adam Wilson, of Zion's Advocate, calls the fellow who spoke in behalf of the Come-outers, in this city, a few weeks since, has been placing some of his ravings on paper, and denounces our Mayor and good citizens as cowards and hypocrites. He says he triumphed over Neal, and his cause prospered astonishingly in Portland. What can the rascal mean? It was not enough for him to insult our citizens face to face, but he must continue his indecent work in print. We should want no better sport than to see this fellow in the hands of some southern overseer, who would give him, well laid on, the castigation he so much deserves. We sincerely believe that a sound whipping would do him good; it would certainly teach him to be respectful to his superiors— a lesson he has never been taught— and make him know where his place is, and keep him there. A more impudent, headstrong, provoking piece of a saucebox we never came across, although in our day we have seen not a few crooked sticks. Justice will yet be meted out to him, and in a way, too, that he little dreams of, unless he changes his course, and that speedily.— Portland Tribune. Portland Tribune. 

 LYNN, Oct. 26th, 1844. LYNN, Oct. 26th, 1844. W.L. GARRISON: W.L. GARRISON: MY DEAR SIR— I send you, this week, the Essex County Whig, in which you will find a letter from the Hon. Daniel P. King, upon the subject of Slavery and Texas. It is in answer to one addressed to him by Mr. John B. Alley, of this town, a 'Liberty party man.' MY DEAR SIR— I send you, this week, the Essex County Whig, in which you will find a letter from the Hon. Daniel P. King, upon the subject of Slavery and Texas. It is in answer to one addressed to him by Mr. John B. Alley, of this town, a 'Liberty party man.' Mr. King's letter is what his friends expected from him: it is manly, and to the point. The quibble of 'constitutional objections,' often found in such answers, is not to be found in his. A letter upon the same subject was also addressed to George Hood, the Democratic candidate, but Mr. Hood does not answer. He has several times avowed himself in favor of the annexation of Texas, and prefers to remain silent while a candidate for Congress. Mr. King's letter is what his friends expected from him: it is manly, and to the point. The quibble of 'constitutional objections,' often found in such answers, is not to be found in his. A letter upon the same subject was also addressed to George Hood, the Democratic candidate, but Mr. Hood does not answer Mr. Hood does not answer . He has several times avowed himself in favor of the annexation of Texas, and prefers to remain silent while a candidate for Congress. Mr. King's letter was read at the Liberty Convention for the nomination of a candidate for Congress, holden in this town on Thursday last, but the convention refused to nominate him, and some of the members requested of the gentleman, to whom it is addressed, that he would not have it published, as it would hurt their candidate. Mr. King's letter was read at the Liberty Convention for the nomination of a candidate for Congress, holden in this town on Thursday last, but the convention refused to nominate him, and some of the members requested of the gentleman, to whom it is addressed, that he would not have it published, as it would hurt their candidate as it would hurt their candidate . I think it is the duty of every honest abolitionist to vote for Mr. King. His opponents are George Hood, the Democratic candidate, who has avowed himself in favor of the annexation of Texas, and Henry B. Stanton, whom there is no possible chance of electing. I think it is the duty of every honest abolitionist to vote for Mr. King. His opponents are George Hood, the Democratic candidate, who has avowed himself in favor of the annexation of Texas, and Henry B. Stanton, whom there is no possible chance of electing. As an abolitionist of the 'old organization,' I shall vote for King, and think it my duty to do so. What say you? As an abolitionist of the 'old organization,' I shall vote for King, and think it my duty to do so. What say you? Yours, for the slave, Yours, for the slave, A GARRISONIAN ABOLITIONIST. A GARRISONIAN ABOLITIONIST. REPLY. We say— REPLY. We say— 1. That Mr. King's letter is very frank, manly and direct on the points proposed. 1. That Mr. King's letter is very frank, manly and direct on the points proposed. 2. That we have as much respect for Mr. King, and as much confidence in his desire to aid the anti-slavery cause, (subordinate to the success of the Whig party,) as we can possibly respect and confide in any political candidate, under the same circumstances. But he is in favor of the election of a MAN-STEALER to fill the Presidential chair, and this we consider a criminal and disgraceful act. 2. That we have as much respect for Mr. King, and as much confidence in his desire to aid the anti-slavery cause, (subordinate to the success of the Whig party,) as we can possibly respect and confide in any political candidate, under the same circumstances. But he is in favor of the election of a MAN-STEALER to fill the Presidential chair, and this we consider a criminal and disgraceful act. 3. That, as for the other two rival candidates, Messrs. Hood and Stanton, no consistent abolitionist, in our opinion, can think of voting for either of them. 3. That, as for the other two rival candidates, Messrs. Hood and Stanton, no consistent abolitionist, in our opinion, can think of voting for either of them. 4. That 'A Garrisonian Abolitionist' ought to be aware, that we are against supporting the present pro-slavery Constitution of the United States, and, consequently, against voting for any one to occupy a seat in Congress. Our motto is, 'No Union with Slaveholders!' 4. That 'A Garrisonian Abolitionist' ought to be aware, that we are against supporting the present pro-slavery Constitution of the United States, and, consequently, against voting for any one to occupy a seat in Congress. Our motto is, 'No Union with Slaveholders!' 

 HIHLY ESTEEMED FRIEND: HIHLY ESTEEMED FRIEND: I come directly to the Constitutional question. Here I am compelled to dissent almost entirely from your premises and conclusions. You endeavor to demonstrate that the Constitution of the United States is not a pro-slavery instrument, but on the contrary, a bona fide anti-slavery instrument. Permit me to scrutinize your principal arguments. I come directly to the Constitutional question. Here I am compelled to dissent almost entirely from your premises and conclusions. You endeavor to demonstrate that the Constitution of the United States is not a pro-slavery instrument, pro-slavery instrument, but on the contrary, a bona fide anti-slavery instrument. bona fide anti-slavery instrument. Permit me to scrutinize your principal arguments. You hold up the Preamble and Amendments of the Constitution to admiration, as proof of its anti-slavery character. The Preamble is in these words: 'We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the U.S.A.' The amendments are presumed to be in the same strain, and need not be quoted. To you the Constitution 'presents itself as a noble and beautiful Temple of Liberty. Whenever I read its preamble, I see the Goddess of Liberty standing in the porch of this Temple; and whenever I read its amendments, so fraught as they are with the deep solicitude of our fathers for the utmost security of human rights, I see in them the buttresses, by which the builders of this Temple gave it additional strength and glory.' You hold up the Preamble and Amendments of the Constitution to admiration, as proof of its anti-slavery character. The Preamble is in these words: 'We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the U.S.A.' The amendments are presumed to be in the same strain, and need not be quoted. To you the Constitution 'presents itself as a noble and beautiful Temple of Liberty. Whenever I read its preamble, I see the Goddess of Liberty standing in the porch of this Temple; and whenever I read its amendments, so fraught as they are with the deep solicitude of our fathers for the utmost security of human rights, I see in them the buttresses, by which the builders of this Temple gave it additional strength and glory.' If this were the panegyric of some hackneyed political speech-maker, or newly elected Congressman, or accidental President, I should set it down along with the vapid bombast with which the public vanity has been amused ever since my remembrance, by men who have no more idea that negro slaves are comprehended in the pale of that liberty which they glorify, than are the cattle of the fields. But now it comes from an abolitionist— a devoted philanthropist— from one who has penetrated into the principle of things, and learned to feel that 'a man's a man,' though he may have long been treated as a mere thing. It comes from you, worthy friend— a man who knows the difference between mere 'rhetorical flourishes' and solid sentiment. You know very well that this Constitution was framed at a period when a majority of our thirteen States held slaves by law— when there were seven or eight hundred thousand slaves within their limits— when the slave trade was vigorously carried on by Americans as well as Europeans— when scarce a single abolitionist of the day proposed any other than gradual or prospective emancipation. At such a period, under such circumstances, with such prejudices of interest, and such an imperfect anti-slavery acting on the public mind, the Convention assembled to frame this Constitution. You also know that the Convention was composed of slaveholders, tenacious of slavery and the slave trade, a few gradual abolitionists, part of whom were actual slaveholders, and indifferentists to the question of slavery. What sort of a Constitution was to have been expected from such a Convention, acting for a people with such interests? Just such an one as they promulgated. A Constitution of broad professions, of compromising expediency, and of irreconcilable contradictions; one that should be accommodated to all sections and parties, without exactly suiting any. Is the Preamble to determine the character of the instrument? Because that talks of establishing 'justice,' and securing 'the blessings of liberty,' are we to take for granted that justice and liberty were intended for the slaves? Do we not read a great deal about justice, liberty and equality in our Presidents' messages, our Governors' addresses, our Senators' speeches, and our political editorials? Does not every rum-seller affirm that he is a friend of temperance, every slaveholder that he is a lover of liberty, every warrior that he is for peace, and every counterfeiter that his counterfeits are genuine? But who trusts to professions? All men, and all bodies of men wish to be thought wise and good. They all make fine professions. But we have learned not to be deceived by preambles. We wish to see men develope their notions of right and wrong. We wish to know what sort of justice, truth, liberty, temperance, virtue, they go for. Then by their words and by their deeds we can understand them. Fine palaver goes for nothing with men of sound principle and judgment. Such men look deeper; they apply surer tests; they judge of things by their essential constituent properties. Now if the framers of the Federal Constitution really intended to 'establish justice' for their eight hundred thousand slaves, and to secure to men of all colors equally the 'blessings of liberty,' they had a glorious opportunity to do it. They might have immortalized themselves by making the liberation of the slaves and the abolition of the slave trade a preliminary and fundamental article in the new Constitution. Did they do themselves and their country that honor? Did they proclaim liberty to the oppressed? Did they propose to have it done at any future period? No. Did they proclaim the abolition of the slave-trade? Did they set any bounds to it, or determine its cessation at any future day? No. Did they recommend the consideration of these subjects to the people? No. Did they even express any regret at the existence of these notorious contradictions to their solemn Declaration of Independence? Not at all. They were artfully as silent as if they had never heard of slavery, or the slave trade. They were ashamed of these monstrous anomalies— ashamed to call them by name before the civilized world. But they were not repentant. They meant to procrastinate reformation in this matter. They put it off to a more convenient season. They rolled the daily increasing burden down to posterity without breathing one audible sigh of regret. Does friend Gerrit Smith undertake to endorse such anti-slavery as this? Is this all that Liberty party would do, were civilians to frame a Constitution for a free people? Is their ideal of 'justice and liberty' such as this? But this is by no means the worst of the case. These framers of the Constitution, representing the influential classes of the people of their time, while too selfish to repent, and too proud to mention slavery or the slave trade in plain English, took care to throw the shield of protection over both. They gave slaveholders a monopoly of political power, the privilege of reckoning their slaves three-fifth human, and electing to the lower house of Congress as many additional representatives as this enumeration will allow. See Article 1. Section 2. Then to render this advantage complete, they provided that in electing the chief magistrate once in four years, slaveholders should have the same additional number of electors as they had representatives in Congress on the three-fifth enumeration of their slaves. See Art. II. Sec. 1. Thus must non-slaveholders not only sit in fellowship with slaveholders, to make all the laws, and to elect the President, but they must do so under the perpetual humiliation of allowing slavery to invest its proprietors with superior power and honor. As if men were more fit to make and execute the laws of a republican people, in proportion to the number of unfortunate human beings whom they deprive of all human rights. Is this anti-slavery? Is it sound anti-slavery doctrine that some persons may be held and treated as chattels— left with no other civil or legal protection than the cattle of the earth under the common law? and then that those imbruted creatures shall entitle their oppressors to superior political power and honor! Does Liberty party, or friend Smith, regard this as genine anti-slavery?! Is man a beast, and yet three-fifths human? Is slaveholding a sin against God and humanity, and yet deserving to be at once rewarded and fortified by the bestowment of special politics advantages? If so, then is the Constitution of the United States a genuine anti-slavery instrument. And then also are our eminent politicians of all parties genuine anti-slavery men— not excepting Henry Clay and James K. Polk! If this were the panegyric of some hackneyed political speech-maker, or newly elected Congressman, or accidental President, I should set it down along with the vapid bombast with which the public vanity has been amused ever since my remembrance, by men who have no more idea that negro slaves are comprehended in the pale of that liberty which they glorify, than are the cattle of the fields. But now it comes from an abolitionist— a devoted philanthropist— from one who has penetrated into the principle of things, and learned to feel that 'a man's a man,' though he may have long been treated as a mere thing. thing. It comes from you, you, worthy friend— a man who knows the difference between mere 'rhetorical flourishes' and solid sentiment. You know very well that this Constitution was framed at a period when a majority of our thirteen States held slaves by law— when there were seven or eight hundred thousand slaves within their limits— when the slave trade was vigorously carried on by Americans as well as Europeans— when scarce a single abolitionist of the day proposed any other than gradual or prospective emancipation. At such a period, under such circumstances, with such prejudices of interest, and such an imperfect anti-slavery acting on the public mind, the Convention assembled to frame this Constitution. You also know that the Convention was composed of slaveholders, tenacious of slavery and the slave trade, a few gradual abolitionists, part of whom were actual slaveholders, and indifferentists to the question of slavery. What sort of a Constitution was to have been expected from such a Convention, acting for a people with such interests? Just such an one as they promulgated. A Constitution of broad professions, of compromising expediency, and of irreconcilable contradictions; one that should be accommodated to all sections and parties, without exactly suiting any. Is the Preamble to determine the character of the instrument? Because that that talks of establishing 'justice,' establishing 'justice,' and securing securing 'the blessings of liberty,' liberty,' are we to take for granted that justice justice and liberty liberty were intended for the slaves? Do we not read a great deal about justice, liberty justice, liberty and equality equality in our Presidents' messages, our Governors' addresses, our Senators' speeches, and our political editorials? Does not every rum-seller affirm that he is a friend of temperance, every slaveholder that he is a lover of liberty, every warrior that he is for peace, and every counterfeiter that his counterfeits are genuine? But who trusts to professions? All men, and all bodies of men wish to be thought wise and good. They all make fine professions. But we have learned not to be deceived by preambles. We wish to see men develope develope their notions of right and wrong. We wish to know what sort sort of justice, truth, liberty, temperance, virtue, they go for. Then by their words and by their deeds we can understand them. Fine palaver goes for nothing with men of sound principle and judgment. Such men look deeper; they apply surer tests; they judge of things by their essential constituent properties. Now if the framers of the Federal Constitution really intended to 'establish justice' 'establish justice' for their eight hundred thousand slaves, and to secure to men of all colors equally the 'blessings of liberty,' 'blessings of liberty,' they had a glorious opportunity to do it. They might have immortalized themselves by making the liberation of the slaves and the abolition of the slave trade a preliminary and fundamental article in the new Constitution. Did they do themselves and their country that honor? Did they proclaim liberty to the oppressed? Did they propose to have it done at any future period? No. Did they proclaim the abolition of the slave-trade? Did they set any bounds to it, or determine its cessation at any future day? No. Did they recommend the consideration of these subjects to the people? No. Did they even express any regret at the existence of these notorious contradictions to their solemn Declaration of Independence? Not at all. They were artfully as silent as if they had never heard of slavery, or the slave trade. They were ashamed of these monstrous anomalies— ashamed to call them by name before the civilized world. But they were not repentant. They meant to procrastinate reformation in this matter. They put it off to a more convenient season. They rolled the daily increasing burden down to posterity without breathing one audible sigh of regret. Does friend Gerrit Smith undertake to endorse such anti-slavery as this? Is this all that Liberty party would do, were civilians to frame a Constitution for a free people? Is their their ideal of 'justice 'justice and liberty' liberty' such as this? But this is by no means the worst of the case. These framers of the Constitution, representing the influential classes of the people of their time, while too selfish to repent, and too proud to mention slavery slavery or the slave trade slave trade in plain English, took care to throw the shield of protection over both. They gave slaveholders a monopoly of political power, the privilege of reckoning their slaves three-fifth human, and electing to the lower house of Congress as many additional representatives as this enumeration will allow. See Article 1. Section 2. Then to render this advantage complete, they provided that in electing the chief magistrate once in four years, slaveholders should have the same additional number of electors as they had representatives in Congress on the three-fifth enumeration of their slaves. See Art. II. Sec. 1. Thus must non-slaveholders not only sit in fellowship with slaveholders, to make all the laws, and to elect the President, but they must do so under the perpetual humiliation of allowing slavery to invest its proprietors with superior power and honor. As if men were more fit to make and execute the laws of a republican people, in proportion to the number of unfortunate human beings whom they deprive of all human rights. Is this anti-slavery? Is it sound anti-slavery doctrine that some persons may be held and treated as chattels— left with no other civil or legal protection than the cattle of the earth under the common law? and then that those imbruted creatures shall entitle their oppressors to superior political power and honor! Does Liberty party, or friend Smith, regard this as genine anti-slavery?! Is man a beast, and yet three-fifths yet three-fifths human? Is slaveholding a sin against God and humanity, and yet deserving to be at once rewarded and fortified by the bestowment of special politics advantages? If so, then is the Constitution of the United States a genuine anti-slavery instrument. And then also are our eminent politicians of all parties genuine anti-slavery men— not excepting Henry Clay and James K. Polk! Again, look at Article I, Sec. 9, of the Constitution, 'The migration or importation of such persons, as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress, prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each person.' This is indeed a very wonderful specimen of anti-slavery. The abominable slave trade was then in full flourish, and many, if not all the maritime States were more or less engaged in the 'importation of such persons' as were kidnapped on the shores of Africa. Does this august Anti-Slavery Convention propose to abolish the trade in kidnapped Africans? No. Does it declare that the trade ever shall or ever ought to cease? No. But it very solemnly declares that the national Congress shall not prohibit, that inhuman traffic prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight; that is, at no time within the ensuing twenty years. After that twenty years should expire, and the rising generation should get well educated into the morality of the trade, they might abolish it or not, just as they pleased. Nevertheless, if Congress should be in want of funds, it might make the importers of 'such persons' pay a duty not exceeding ten dollars a head; which money— the price of sinews stolen and sold— they might make a very innocent use of, in 'establishing justice,' and securing 'the blessings of liberty to THEMSELVES and THEIR posterity'! But to cap the climax of security to this same slave trade, for at least twenty years then to come, it was specially provided, in Article V., that no amendment of the Constitution made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight should 'in any manner affect' this clause. If the whole nation should repent in dust and ashes, or by a brazen perseverance in the horrible wrong should render itself the scorn of the civilized world, its Congress must not pass a law to abolish it, nor the people presume to neutralize it by any amendment; but the national flag must wave at the mast head of every republican slaver, and the whole national navy protect the infamous commerce over all the seas. Though war itself with powerful nations should grow out of the protection given to this barbarous trade, it must be maintained with the entire blood and treasure of the American people!! Do you, honored friend, endorse this as anti-slavery? Is such a Constitution your 'beautiful Temple of Liberty?' Do you, indeed, see 'the goddess of Liberty' standing in its porch? O, it cannot be! How can so good a man be so amazingly mistaken? Again, look at Article I, Sec. 9, of the Constitution, 'The migration or importation of such persons, as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress, prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each person.' This is indeed a very wonderful specimen of anti-slavery. The abominable slave trade was then in full flourish, and many, if not all the maritime States were more or less engaged in the 'importation of such persons' 'importation of such persons' as were kidnapped on the shores of Africa. Does this august Anti-Slavery Convention propose to abolish the trade in kidnapped Africans? No. Does it declare that the trade ever shall shall or ever ought ought to cease? No. But it very solemnly declares that the national Congress shall not prohibit, that inhuman traffic prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight; that is, at no time within the ensuing twenty years. After that twenty years should expire, and the rising generation should get well educated into the morality of the trade, they they might abolish it or not, not, just as they pleased. Nevertheless, if Congress should be in want of funds, it might make the importers of 'such persons' 'such persons' pay a duty not exceeding ten dollars a head; which money— the price of sinews stolen and sold the price of sinews stolen and sold — they might make a very innocent use of, in 'establishing justice,' 'establishing justice,' and securing 'the blessings of liberty to 'the blessings of liberty to THEMSELVES and THEIR posterity'! posterity'! But to cap the climax of security to this same slave trade, for at least twenty years then to come, it was specially provided, provided, in Article V., that no amendment amendment of the Constitution made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight should 'in any manner affect' 'in any manner affect' this clause. If the whole nation should repent in dust and ashes, or by a brazen perseverance in the horrible wrong should render itself the scorn of the civilized world, its Congress must not pass a law to abolish it, nor the people presume to neutralize it by any amendment; but the national flag must wave at the mast head of every republican slaver, republican slaver, and the whole national navy protect the infamous commerce over all the seas. Though war itself with powerful nations should grow out of the protection given to this barbarous trade, it must be maintained with the entire blood and treasure of the American people!! Do you, honored friend, endorse this as anti-slavery? Is such a Constitution your 'beautiful Temple of Liberty?' Do you, indeed, see 'the goddess of Liberty' 'the goddess of Liberty' standing in its porch? O, it cannot be! How can so good a man be so amazingly mistaken? (To be continued.) (To be continued.) (To be continued.) 

 LYNN, Oct. 19, 1844. LYNN, Oct. 19, 1844. DEAR SIR— Your name having been placed in nomination, for a seat in the House of Representatives of the United States, from this district, I feel, as an elector, in common with many others, a strong desire to know your views and feelings upon the great question of slavery, as it exists in this Union; and would like to propound to you the following questions. And in so doing, I but act in accordance with the suggestion of many of your warm personal and political friends— they having intimated to me and others, that to each of the several interrogatories, you would give an affirmative response. If so, your views have been entirely misapprehended; and to set the matter right before the public, I have been induced to address to you this communication. DEAR SIR— Your name having been placed in nomination, for a seat in the House of Representatives of the United States, from this district, I feel, as an elector, in common with many others, a strong desire to know your views and feelings upon the great question of slavery, as it exists in this Union; and would like to propound to you the following questions. And in so doing, I but act in accordance with the suggestion of many of your warm personal and political friends— they having intimated to me and others, that to each of the several interrogatories, you would give an affirmative response. If so, your views have been entirely misapprehended; and to set the matter right before the public, I have been induced to address to you this communication. 1st. Are you in favor of the immediate abolition of slavery, in the District of Columbia, and the territory of Florida? 1st. Are you in favor of the immediate immediate abolition of slavery, in the District of Columbia, and the territory of Florida? 2d. Are you in favor of the prohibition of the internal slave trade, in the several States? 2d. Are you in favor of the prohibition of the internal slave trade, in the several States? 3d. Are you in favor of the admission of any new State into the Union, under any circumstances, without the prohibition of slavery in its Constitution? 3d. Are you in favor of the admission of any new State into the Union, under any circumstances, without the prohibition of slavery in its Constitution? And I would add, also, the annexation of Texas, were it not that your views upon this subject are so well known, as to preclude its necessity. A reply to the above communication, will much oblige, And I would add, also, the annexation of Texas, were it not that your views upon this subject are so well known, as to preclude its necessity. A reply to the above communication, will much oblige, Yours, respectfully, Yours, respectfully, JOHN B. ALLEY. JOHN B. ALLEY. Hon. DANIEL P. KING, Danvers. Hon. DANIEL P. KING, Danvers. 

 The Emancipator of the 9th inst., contains two articles, entitled, 'A Sketch of the American Anti-Slavery Society,'— intended as a defence of the doings for which the old Executive Committee was removed from office, at the annual meeting of 1840. Mr. Leavitt has been driven from the prudent silence which he has endeavored to maintain on this subject, by the general attention which the recent statements of those transactions have attracted, and the unanimous reprobation which they have received from all men of honor and of business. He has conducted himself, generally, in the very difficult position in which he has placed himself, with singular address and dexterity from the beginning. Whether this last demonstration be equally well-advised, depends on the extremity of the straits to which he finds himself reduced, and to the extent to which he can rely upon the simplicity of his own public. His distress must have been very great, and his confidence in the capacity of his readers' swallow extreme, before he could have been willing to make such a defence as this. I can hardly conceive that the Third party can be so stultified as not to feel their intelligence insulted by such an explanation. They can hardly fail to see through its sophistries, notwithstanding the multitude of words wherewith Mr. L. has sought to darken counsel, and the religious care which he has always taken that they should see nothing said on the other side, except in his own garbled version. To disentangle Mr. L's points from the wordy cloud in which he has seen fit to enclose them, (for no man can make a plainer statement than he, when he pleases,) is all the answer they will need. The Emancipator of the 9th inst., contains two articles, entitled, 'A Sketch of the American Anti-Slavery Society,'— intended as a defence of the doings for which the old Executive Committee was removed from office, at the annual meeting of 1840. Mr. Leavitt has been driven from the prudent silence which he has endeavored to maintain on this subject, by the general attention which the recent statements of those transactions have attracted, and the unanimous reprobation which they have received from all men of honor and of business. He has conducted himself, generally, in the very difficult position in which he has placed himself, with singular address and dexterity from the beginning. Whether this last demonstration be equally well-advised, depends on the extremity of the straits to which he finds himself reduced, and to the extent to which he can rely upon the simplicity of his own public. His distress must have been very great, and his confidence in the capacity of his readers' swallow extreme, before he could have been willing to make such a defence as this. I can hardly conceive that the Third party can be so stultified as not to feel their intelligence insulted by such an explanation. They can hardly fail to see through its sophistries, notwithstanding the multitude of words wherewith Mr. L. has sought to darken counsel, and the religious care which he has always taken that they should see nothing said on the other side, except in his own garbled version. To disentangle Mr. L's points from the wordy cloud in which he has seen fit to enclose them, (for no man can make a plainer statement than he, when he pleases,) is all the answer they will need. Mr. Leavitt's main ground of defence of the Committee of which he was a member, is substantially the same that he alleged last year. He does not, indeed, repeat the same lucid statement, which did so much honor to his candor and his intrepidity at that time; so I will do it for him. I have had occasion to repeat it a good many times; but it is one of those golden sentences which becomes only more luminous by being gazed upon: Mr. Leavitt's main ground of defence of the Committee of which he was a member, is substantially the same that he alleged last year. He does not, indeed, repeat the same lucid statement, which did so much honor to his candor and his intrepidity at that time; so I will do it for him. I have had occasion to repeat it a good many times; but it is one of those golden sentences which becomes only more luminous by being gazed upon: 'IN SELLING THE EMANCIPATOR, AND IN ASSIGNING THE OTHER PROPERTY OF THE SOCIETY, THE COMMITTEE ACTED NOT AS TRUSTEES, BUT AS OWNERS'!!!! 'IN SELLING THE EMANCIPATOR, AND IN ASSIGNING THE OTHER PROPERTY OF THE SOCIETY, THE COMMITTEE ACTED NOT AS TRUSTEES, BUT AS OWNERS'!!!! His point is to show that the Committee were an independent body, not responsible to the Society that appointed them, and he makes it out thus. After a long and not particularly pertinent account of the history of the Society, he comes to its organic constitution. The Society, it seems, in those times, at its annual meetings, chose a smaller number of their own body, called a Board of Managers, which Board elected the Executive Committee; therefore, implies Mr. Leavitt, the Committee were not accountable for their doings to the Society;— whatever they did, it was none of the Society's business! By a parity of reasoning, because the people of the United States choose a college of Electors, 'whose sole business is' to choose a President and Vice-President, therefore, the President and Vice-President, when elected, are not responsible to the people for what they do! I do entreat the good people of these United States to ponder well this doctrine, before they proceed, next month, to place Mr. Birney in the White House, and Mr. Leavitt in the Department of State. If they administer the government on this principle, their dynasty will be the very golden age of financiers, Swartwouters, and absquatulators. His point is to show that the Committee were an independent body, not responsible to the Society that appointed them, and he makes it out thus. After a long and not particularly pertinent account of the history of the Society, he comes to its organic constitution. The Society, it seems, in those times, at its annual meetings, chose a smaller number of their own body, called a Board of Managers, which Board elected the Executive Committee; therefore, therefore, implies Mr. Leavitt, the Committee were not accountable for their doings to the Society;— whatever they did, it was none of the Society's business! By a parity of reasoning, because the people of the United States choose a college of Electors, 'whose sole business is' to choose a President and Vice-President, therefore, therefore, the President and Vice-President, when elected, are not responsible to the people for what they do! I do entreat the good people of these United States to ponder well this doctrine, before they proceed, next month, to place Mr. Birney in the White House, and Mr. Leavitt in the Department of State. If they administer the government on this principle, their dynasty will be the very golden age of financiers, Swartwouters, and absquatulators. absquatulators. The Committee had, to be sure, as Mr. Leavitt states, full power in the intervals of the meetings to do what they pleased with the property and funds which the Society placed in their hands. His fallacy lies in confounding the power with the right of doing what they pleased with them. Mr. Biddle and his Directors had the power to do what they did with the funds of the United States Bank, but if Mr. Leavitt will take the pains to ask the opinion of any of the shareholders, he will find that the two things are not necessarily identical. Mr. Leavitt speaks of the large sums contributed by members of the Committee in the first year of the Society. Admitting all that he says to be true, (though I think his statements would be found to be much exaggerated,) what does it prove? If they had given every cent that was ever received, did it not become the property of the Society the moment it came into the treasury? I mean, of course, on the ordinary principles which govern bodies corporate, not on those laid down by Mr. Leavitt; for, according to him, the funds they contributed only became the property of the Committee, and like whatever also was placed in their hands, became THEIR OWN! Mr. Leavitt also speaks of the energy of the Committee, and of the unanimity with which they were supported by the Society for several years. This is all true. The abolitionists had implicit faith in those men, and it took a long time to convince them that they had become unworthy of their confidence. At last, however, it was but too plain that the religious public of the Committee having presented the distinct issue to them of choosing between their sectarianism and their anti-slavery, they had taken their part, and were devoting the funds placed in their hands not for the abolition of slavery, but for the destruction of the anti-slavery movement. When the abolitionists were at length convinced of this, they first stopped the supplies, and then came up to the annual meeting to dismiss their unjust stewards. Mr. L. makes this extraordinary assembly of the members of the Society, on this most extraordinary occasion, a cause of grave complaint! They did precisely what Mr. L. in a previous paragraph says it was their right to do— the members 'who thought proper, or could [ ] it convenient to attend the annual meeting'— to choose officers and to do their business. For doing this, Mr. L. calls them 'CONSPIRATORS!' And says that they 'SURREPTITIOUSLY obtained possession' of the Society! The 'extraordinary means,' of which Mr. L. speaks, were merely the public appeals to the members to attend, and an arrangement by which they could go at a reduced expense. Mr. Leavitt forgets that the friends of the Committee in Massachusetts did precisely the same thing, and that Mr. John Jay, as President of the Young Men's Society, to which the Emancipator had been conveyed, issued an address, virtually calling upon all New-York to come to their rescue. It will be remembered that the Committee had so managed, in anticipation of their dismissal from office, (to justify which acts, these articles of Mr. L's were written,) that the organ of the Society, and every stiver of its property, remained in their own hands, and in those of their tools,— that nothing was left it but its name and its honor,— and now Mr. Leavitt magnanimously tells his readers that 'THE CAPTORS HAVE NEVER BEEN DISTURBED IN WHAT THEY GOT FOR BOOTY!!!' Truly, it reminds one of the adventure in one of the Spanish picaresque novels, where poor Guzman meets in Seville some rogues, who had just before stripped him to his shirt on the highway, who forthwith seize him and accuse him before the Corregidor of having robbed them. But the comic circumstance in this whole business is, that if the Society were conspirators and pirates, in coming to their own annual meeting, and doing their own business, Mr. LEAVITT HIMSELF was as guilty as any one of them of all that they did! For he remained with the Society as its Secretary until it adjourned, and took part in all its proceedings! He did not secede with the minority, but remained at his post to the end, and expressed no disapprobation at any thing that was done. An informal proposition had been made by the young men who had possession of the Emancipator, of restoring it to the Society on condition that Mr. LEAVITT should be its editor, and the officers were not chosen till late in the meeting. Had this proposition been accepted, and had Mr. L. been chosen an officer of the Society, with the salary he had before enjoyed, there is no reason to doubt that he would have been with us unto this day. Disappointed in both these points, the very next week, he went over to the hostile Society, and became one of its officers! The Committee had, to be sure, as Mr. Leavitt states, full power power in the intervals of the meetings to do what they pleased with the property and funds which the Society placed in their hands. His fallacy lies in confounding the power power with the right right of doing what they pleased with them. Mr. Biddle and his Directors had the power power to do what they did with the funds of the United States Bank, but if Mr. Leavitt will take the pains to ask the opinion of any of the shareholders, he will find that the two things are not necessarily identical. Mr. Leavitt speaks of the large sums contributed by members of the Committee in the first year of the Society. Admitting all that he says to be true, (though I think his statements would be found to be much exaggerated,) what does it prove? If they had given every cent that was ever received, did it not become the property of the Society the moment it came into the treasury? I mean, of course, on the ordinary principles which govern bodies corporate, not on those laid down by Mr. Leavitt; for, according to him, the funds they contributed only became the property of the Committee, the Committee, and like whatever also was placed in their hands, became THEIR OWN! Mr. Leavitt also speaks of the energy of the Committee, and of the unanimity with which they were supported by the Society for several years. This is all true. The abolitionists had implicit faith in those men, and it took a long time to convince them that they had become unworthy of their confidence. At last, however, it was but too plain that the religious public of the Committee having presented the distinct issue to them of choosing between their sectarianism and their anti-slavery, they had taken their part, and were devoting the funds placed in their hands not for the abolition of slavery, but for the destruction of the anti-slavery movement. When the abolitionists were at length convinced of this, they first stopped the supplies, and then came up to the annual meeting to dismiss their unjust stewards. Mr. L. makes this extraordinary assembly of the members of the Society, on this most extraordinary occasion, a cause of grave complaint! They did precisely what Mr. L. in a previous paragraph says it was their right to do— the members 'who thought proper, or could [ ] it convenient to attend the annual meeting'— to choose officers and to do their business. For doing this, Mr. L. calls them 'CONSPIRATORS!' And says that they 'SURREPTITIOUSLY obtained possession' of the Society! The 'extraordinary means,' of which Mr. L. speaks, were merely the public appeals to the members to attend, and an arrangement by which they could go at a reduced expense. Mr. Leavitt forgets that the friends of the Committee in Massachusetts did precisely the same thing, and that Mr. John Jay, as President of the Young Men's Society, to which the Emancipator had been conveyed, conveyed, issued an address, virtually calling upon all New-York to come to their rescue. It will be remembered that the Committee had so managed, in anticipation of their dismissal from office, (to justify which acts, these articles of Mr. L's were written,) that the organ of the Society, and every stiver of its property, remained in their own hands, and in those of their tools,— that nothing was left it but its name and its honor,— and now Mr. Leavitt magnanimously tells his readers that 'THE CAPTORS HAVE NEVER BEEN DISTURBED IN WHAT THEY GOT FOR BOOTY!!!' Truly, it reminds one of the adventure in one of the Spanish picaresque picaresque novels, where poor Guzman meets in Seville some rogues, who had just before stripped him to his shirt on the highway, who forthwith seize him and accuse him before the Corregidor of having robbed them. them. But the comic circumstance in this whole business is, that if the Society were conspirators and pirates, conspirators and pirates, in coming to their own annual meeting, and doing their own business, Mr. LEAVITT HIMSELF was as guilty as any one of them of all that they did! was as guilty as any one of them of all that they did! For he remained with the Society as its Secretary until it adjourned, and took part in all its proceedings! He did not secede with the minority, but remained at his post to the end, and expressed no disapprobation at any thing that was done. An informal proposition had been made by the young men who had possession of the Emancipator, of restoring it to the Society on condition that Mr. LEAVITT should be its editor, and the officers were not chosen till late in the meeting. Had this proposition been accepted, and had Mr. L. been chosen an officer of the Society, with the salary he had before enjoyed, there is no reason to doubt that he would have been with us unto this day. Disappointed in both these points, the very next week, he went over to the hostile Society, and became one of its officers! the very next week, he went over to the hostile Society, and became one of its officers! Mr. Leavitt having thus satisfactorily proved that the Committee were not accountable to the Society, and had a right to do what they would with THEIR OWN, (the treasury of the Society,) because they were elected by an intermediate body, and not by the Society at large, proceeds to some auxiliary proofs that the Society was not itself, but something else. 'A conclusive proof is, that the great body of the members, from that hour, have withdrawn support from the new Committee.' I apprehend the proof is all the other way. The American Society finding itself stripped of its organ, and of all its other property, went to work anew. It immediately established this paper, at a great expense, which has been issued weekly, without interruption, ever since. It has employed many agents, and has carried on an extensive agitation in all parts of the country. The discarded Committee, on the other hand, in its new shape of Executive Committee of the American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society,— consisting of the very same men who had composed the old American Committee, with two exceptions, who adhered to the Society,— have not employed a single agent, or carried on any operations, and even were unable to support a monthly paper for one year, but virtually expired of inanition before that time! Their organ has just, I believe, completed its first volume of monthly numbers, in four years from its inception! These men, who had received from the abolitionists previous to the secession more than TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS— since that time have not received enough to sustain a monthly publication,— probably not involving an expense of a thousand dollars. While the American Society has had funds enough furnished for its purposes, the Foreign Society died almost as soon as it was born, because it could not get them. The fact is, that about all the money-givers and buyers, were on he side of the Society, and as soon as they lost their confidence in the old Committee, their funds ceased to come in. Mr. Leavitt attributes the falling off in the receipts in the last half of eighteen hundred and thirty-nine and forty, to the hard times— it was solely owing to want of confidence in the Executive Committee. The same reason accounts for the publications and other stock remaining on the hands of the Committee. All the buying anti-slavery public were members or friends of the American Society, and of course refused to buy their own property of their servants who had carried it off with them. This the Committee did not know at the time, nor did we, but the result has proved it to be so. Mr. Leavitt asserts that the receipts of the American Society have fallen off since the 'first paroxysm of party triumph' brought funds into the treasury,— whereas they have been regularly increasing every year. He seems to regard it as a matter of reproach that we have reduced our expenses to the lowest point. We look upon it as a matter of just pride that we have our committee-work done, including editor's salary, office expenses, &c. for about nine hundred dollars— that used to cost the old Committee something like ten thousand, particularly as the work is better done. But we have no needy adventurers to quarter upon the cause. Mr. Leavitt having thus satisfactorily proved that the Committee were not accountable to the Society, and had a right to do what they would with THEIR OWN, (the treasury of the Society,) because because they were elected by an intermediate body, and not by the Society at large, proceeds to some auxiliary proofs that the Society was not itself, but something else. 'A conclusive proof is, that the great body of the members, from that hour, have withdrawn support from the new Committee.' I apprehend the proof is all the other way. The American Society finding itself stripped of its organ, and of all its other property, went to work anew. It immediately established this paper, at a great expense, which has been issued weekly, without interruption, ever since. It has employed many agents, and has carried on an extensive agitation in all parts of the country. The discarded Committee, on the other hand, in its new shape of Executive Committee of the American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society,— consisting of the very same men of the very same men who had composed the old American Committee, with two exceptions, who adhered to the Society,— have not employed a single agent, or carried on any operations, and even were unable to support a monthly monthly paper for one year, but virtually expired of inanition before that time! Their organ has just, I believe, completed its first volume of monthly numbers, first volume of monthly numbers, in four years four years from its inception! These men, who had received from the abolitionists previous to the secession more than TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS— since that time have not received enough to sustain a monthly publication,— probably not involving an expense of a thousand dollars. While the American Society has had funds enough furnished for its purposes, the Foreign Society died almost as soon as it was born, because it could not get them. The fact is, that about all the money-givers and buyers, were on he side of the Society, and as soon as they lost their confidence in the old Committee, their funds ceased to come in. Mr. Leavitt attributes the falling off in the receipts in the last half of eighteen hundred and thirty-nine and forty, to the hard times hard times — it was solely owing to want of confidence in the Executive Committee. The same reason accounts for the publications and other stock remaining on the hands of the Committee. All the buying anti-slavery public were members or friends of the American Society, and of course refused to buy their own property of their servants who had carried it off with them. This the Committee did not know at the time, nor did we, but the result has proved it to be so. Mr. Leavitt asserts that the receipts of the American Society have fallen off since the 'first paroxysm of party triumph' brought funds into the treasury,— whereas they have been regularly increasing every year. He seems to regard it as a matter of reproach that we have reduced our expenses to the lowest point. We look upon it as a matter of just pride that we have our committee-work done, including editor's salary, office expenses, &c. for about nine hundred nine hundred dollars— that used to cost the old Committee something like ten thousand, ten thousand, particularly as the work is better done. But we have no needy adventurers to quarter upon the cause. Perhaps the most impudent of all the propositions contained in these articles,— and that is a bold word— is Mr. Leavitt's reproaching us with not having paid the debts which the old Committee contracted, and to secure which they carried off all our property. It may be, or it may not be, that the Committee have not realized the amount of their liabilities from the assets in their hands. If they had done their duty, and restored the property to its rightful owners, there is no doubt that every farthing of the debts would have been paid— although the Society was not bound in honor to pay a farthing to them. For this reason: at the annual meeting of 1839, a proposition was made to limit the sum to be raised by the Committee to $32,000. This would have passed by a great majority, had it not been for the reclamations of the Committee, whose nice sense of honor could not brook such an imputation of want of confidence in them. It was accordingly not pressed to a vote, but it was only on the distinct understanding that the Committee understood and would obey the pleasure of the Society. Scarcely had it adjourned, however, when they proposed a plan for raising $100,000, and actually raised $47,000 in six months! Whatever they expended over $32,000, was, in equity, at their own risk, and the Society would not have been liable to any just complaint from them, had they refused to pay these debts which they had contracted in defiance of their known will. But these debts would all have been paid, for the honor of the Society, had not the Committee assumed them, and seized upon all its property to indemnify themselves. The Society has had to raise a larger sum than those debts amounted to for the establishment and support of an organ to supply the place of the one of which it had been deprived. I must do the Committee the justice to say that this is the first time that any suggestion of this kind had been made. I do not think that there is another man of them who would have the face to make it. But enough for the present. Mr. Leavitt promises another statement of how he got the Emancipator, which will probably afford me an opportunity of saying anything which I am compelled by want of room to leave unsaid at this time, particularly as to the pretence of poverty under which the Committee made away with the Emancipator, and the other property of the Society.— Q. Perhaps the most impudent of all the propositions contained in these articles,— and that is a bold word— is Mr. Leavitt's reproaching us with not having paid the debts which the old Committee contracted, and to secure which they carried off all our property. It may be, or it may not be, that the Committee have not realized the amount of their liabilities from the assets in their hands. If they had done their duty, and restored the property to its rightful owners, there is no doubt that every farthing of the debts would have been paid— although the Society was not bound in honor to pay a farthing to them. although the Society was not bound in honor to pay a farthing to them. For this reason: at the annual meeting of 1839, a proposition was made to limit the sum to be raised by the Committee to $32,000. This would have passed by a great majority, had it not been for the reclamations of the Committee, whose nice sense of honor could not brook such an imputation of want of confidence in them. It was accordingly not pressed to a vote, but it was only on the distinct understanding that the Committee understood and would obey the pleasure of the Society. Scarcely had it adjourned, however, when they proposed a plan for raising $100,000, and actually raised $47,000 in six months! Whatever they expended over $32,000, was, in equity, at their own risk, and the Society would not have been liable to any just complaint from them, them, had they refused to pay these debts which they had contracted in defiance of their known will. But these debts would all have been paid, for the honor of the Society, had not the Committee assumed them, and seized upon all its property to indemnify themselves. The Society has had to raise a larger sum than those debts amounted to for the establishment and support of an organ to supply the place of the one of which it had been deprived. I must do the Committee the justice to say that this is the first time that any suggestion of this kind had been made. I do not think that there is another man of them who would have the face to make it. But enough for the present. Mr. Leavitt promises another statement of how he got the Emancipator, which will probably afford me an opportunity of saying anything which I am compelled by want of room to leave unsaid at this time, particularly as to the pretence of poverty under which the Committee made away with the Emancipator, and the other property of the Society.— Q. 

 DANVERS, October 21, 1844. DANVERS, October 21, 1844. DEAR SIR— Your letter of the 19th is this day received, and I will give you a prompt, concise, and plain answer; referring you to the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, the debates in the Convention which formed it, to history, and the experience of men, for my authorities. DEAR SIR— Your letter of the 19th is this day received, and I will give you a prompt, concise, and plain answer; referring you to the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, the debates in the Convention which formed it, to history, and the experience of men, for my authorities. I am in favor of immediate measures for the speedy abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia and the territory of Florida. I am in favor of immediate measures for the speedy abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia and the territory of Florida. I am in favor of the prohibition of the slave trade between the slave States. I am in favor of the prohibition of the slave trade between the slave States. I am opposed to the annexation of Texas, or the admission of any slave States, into the Union. I am opposed to the annexation of Texas, or the admission of any slave States, into the Union. I am opposed to all measures calculated to enlarge, extend, and perpetuate the slave power, believing it to be the scourge and curse of this country, and firmly trusting and ardently hoping that in the perfection of our free institutions, predicted and longed for by Washington and Jefferson, slavery shall have neither name, place, or existence, in the wide extent of the country which the patriot fathers meant should be the home of the free. I am opposed to all measures calculated to enlarge, extend, and perpetuate the slave power, believing it to be the scourge and curse of this country, and firmly trusting and ardently hoping that in the perfection of our free institutions, predicted and longed for by Washington and Jefferson, slavery shall have neither name, place, or existence, in the wide extent of the country which the patriot fathers meant should be the home of the free. I am, very respectfully, I am, very respectfully, Your friend and fellow-citizen, Your friend and fellow-citizen, DANIEL P. KING. DANIEL P. KING. JOHN B. ALLEY, Esq., Lynn. JOHN B. ALLEY, Esq., Lynn. 

 The Liberty party held a County Convention in the Town Hall in Worcester last Wednesday. It was announced that the Hon. James G. Birney, the abolition candidate for President, would address the Convention in the evening, and we repaired to the Hall to hear him. We found the Hon. James G. Carter, of Lancaster Bank memory, in the chair. The Liberty party held a County Convention in the Town Hall in Worcester last Wednesday. It was announced that the Hon. James G. Birney, the abolition candidate for President, would address the Convention in the evening, and we repaired to the Hall to hear him. We found the Hon. James G. Carter, of Lancaster Bank memory, in the chair. Mr. Birney spoke but a few minutes after we entered, when he put his hand to his forehead, complained of a rush of blood to the head, and gave way to the Rev. Mr. Colver, of Boston. Mr. Birney spoke but a few minutes after we entered, when he put his hand to his forehead, complained of a rush of blood to the head, and gave way to the Rev. Mr. Colver, of Boston. Mr. Colver amused the audience for an hour or so by a somewhat uncouth exhibition of himself. He left the impression of a pretty good actor of the low comic. He gave Mr. Birney, probably without intending it, an unmerciful castigation. He had no confidence, he said, in a man who would accept a nomination from either Whigs or Democrats; he could not trust such a man, however good an abolitionist he might be; and on this point he enlarged considerably. With what harmony his remarks fell upon the ear of the loco foco candidate for representative from Saginaw county, Michigan— the very man whom a few minutes before he had been lauding to the skies— we are unable to say. Perhaps the eulogy counterbalanced, in his mind, the drubbing. Mr. Colver amused amused the audience for an hour or so by a somewhat uncouth exhibition of himself. He left the impression of a pretty good actor of the low comic. He gave Mr. Birney, probably without intending it, an unmerciful castigation. He had no confidence, no confidence, he said, in a man who would accept a nomination from either Whigs or Democrats; he could not trust such a man, however good an abolitionist he might be; could not trust such a man, however good an abolitionist he might be; and on this point he enlarged considerably. With what harmony his remarks fell upon the ear of the loco foco candidate for representative loco foco candidate for representative from Saginaw county, Michigan— the very man whom a few minutes before he had been lauding to the skies— we are unable to say. Perhaps the eulogy counterbalanced, in his mind, the drubbing. When Mr. Colver had wound up his desultory remarks, Mr. Birney again rose, to speak upon the Texas question. Our prepossessions were all, personally, in Mr. Birney's favor. We had supposed him— although mistaken in his views— a man of some political integrity and dignity of character. But when we heard him assert, in bold terms, that, in his opinion, the annexation of Texas would be less likely to take place in the event of Mr. Polk's election than in that of Mr. Clay's, we were forced to the belief that he was a very weak or a very dishonest man. When Mr. Colver had wound up his desultory remarks, Mr. Birney again rose, to speak upon the Texas question. Our prepossessions were all, personally, in Mr. Birney's favor. We had supposed him— although mistaken in his views— a man of some political integrity and dignity of character. But when we heard him assert, in bold terms, that, in his opinion, the annexation of Texas would be less likely to take place in the event of Mr. Polk's election than in that of Mr. Clay's, we were forced to the belief that he was a very weak or a very dishonest man. Mr. Polk was nominated on the express ground that he was in favor of annexation. The Baltimore Convention which made the nomination committed the Democratic party, out and out, in favor of the scheme. Mr. Polk is supported, throughout the whole country, with the understanding that, in case of his success, Texas will be annexed. All over the Union, 'Polk and Texas' is a watch word of the Democratic party. As Mr. Polk has expressed himself very plainly on this question; as he is universally known to be an uncompromising advocate of annexation; his election would, of course, with perfect justice, be looked upon as an expression of public sentiment in its favor. If Mr. Polk be elected, and then abandon the cause of annexation, the charge of being a traitor to his party will be applied to him with as much justice as it now is to John Tyler. The only hope, then, that Mr. Polk will decline, in the event of his election, to carry through a project, the ardent espousal of which was a principal cause of his nomination, must be based upon the ground that he will prove an apostate to the principles he now professes! Mr. Dallas was also nominated because he was a decided pro-annexationist! Mr. Polk was nominated on the express ground that he was in favor of annexation. The Baltimore Convention which made the nomination committed the Democratic party, out and out, in favor of the scheme. Mr. Polk is supported, throughout the whole country, with the understanding that, in case of his success, Texas will be annexed. All over the Union, 'Polk and Texas' is a watch word of the Democratic party. As Mr. Polk has expressed himself very plainly on this question; as he is universally known to be an uncompromising advocate of annexation; his election would, of course, with perfect justice, be looked upon as an expression of public sentiment in its favor. If Mr. Polk be elected, and then abandon the cause of annexation, the charge of being a traitor to his party will be applied to him with as much justice as it now is to John Tyler. The only hope, then, that Mr. Polk will decline, in the event of his election, to carry through a project, the ardent espousal of which was a principal cause of his nomination, must be based upon the ground that he will prove an apostate to the principles he now professes! Mr. Dallas was also nominated because he was a decided pro-annexationist! pro-annexationist! Mr. Birney said the two great parties at the North are equally opposed to annexation. And he must have been unpardonably ignorant or intentionally false to make such a statement. Mr. Birney said the two great parties at the North are equally opposed to annexation. And he must have been unpardonably ignorant or intentionally false to make such a statement. The evidence that the two great parties, in the northern States, are not equally opposed to annexation, is spread out in colors of having light all around us. It is so plain that a child, of ordinary perceptive faculties, could not fail to see it. Indeed, it can have escaped the observation of none but the excessively stupid or the wilfully blind. The evidence that the two great parties, in the northern States, are not equally opposed to annexation, is spread out in colors of having light all around us. It is so plain that a child, of ordinary perceptive faculties, could not fail to see it. Indeed, it can have escaped the observation of none but the excessively stupid or the wilfully blind. Before the nomination of Polk was made at Baltimore, it is true that most of the northern Democrats were opposed to the annexation of Texas. But since that time, their opinions have undergone a mighty change; and they are now, almost to a man, in its favor! We speak not unadvisedly! We boldly challenge evidence to controvert our assertion.— There is scarcely a Democratic paper in New-England or the Middle States, with the exception of the New-York Evening Post, which is not an advocate of annexation; and even the Post, which at first spoke out in thunder tones, now breathes forth only the most feeble notes of remonstrance. The mighty blows which it dealt out upon the atrocious project, at an early period of its agitation, are already softened into harmless love pats. Before the nomination of Polk was made at Baltimore, it is true that most of the northern Democrats were opposed to the annexation of Texas. But since that time, their opinions have undergone a mighty change; and they are now, almost to a man, almost to a man, in its favor! We speak not unadvisedly! We boldly challenge evidence to controvert our assertion.— There is scarcely a Democratic paper in New-England or the Middle States, with the exception of the New-York Evening Post, which is not an advocate of annexation; There is scarcely a Democratic paper in New-England or the Middle States, with the exception of the New-York Evening Post, which is not an advocate of annexation; and even the Post, which at first spoke out in thunder tones, now breathes forth only the most feeble notes of remonstrance. The mighty blows which it dealt out upon the atrocious project, at an early period of its agitation, are already softened into harmless love pats. What authority has Mr. Birney for saying that the Democrats at the North are opposed to annexation, when they themselves say that they are in favor of it? What authority has Mr. Birney for saying that the Democrats at the North are opposed to annexation, when they themselves say that they are in favor of it? 

 GROTON, October 29, 1844. GROTON, October 29, 1844. FRIEND GARRISON: FRIEND GARRISON: Although you believe it inconsistent for an abolitionist to vote under the present Constitution, I presume you are willing to see the candidates for office under the Constitution pledged to carry out abolition principles. Will you do me the favor to publish the correspondence between the Whig and Democratic candidates for Congress in this District, and myself, upon the subject of slavery? Although you believe it inconsistent for an abolitionist to vote under the present Constitution, I presume you are willing to see the candidates for office under the Constitution pledged to carry out abolition principles. Will you do me the favor to publish the correspondence between the Whig and Democratic candidates for Congress in this District, and myself, upon the subject of slavery? As the mail is about to close, I can say but a word respecting it. I see not why the answers of both, to the questions propounded by me, are not perfectly satisfactory. As the mail is about to close, I can say but a word respecting it. I see not why the answers of both, to the questions propounded by me, are not perfectly satisfactory. Of Mr. Abbott, I know nothing personally, and comparatively nothing politically; so, of course, I cannot question his honesty: nor can I attest it. With Mr. Boutwell, I am both personally and politically acquainted; and I know that his reply corresponds with his previously entertained private opinions, and his public acts in the discharge of his official duties as a member of the present and two previous State Legislatures. Of Mr. Abbott, I know nothing personally, and comparatively nothing politically; so, of course, I cannot question his honesty: nor can I attest it. With Mr. Boutwell, I am both personally and politically acquainted; and I know that his reply corresponds with his previously entertained private opinions, and his public acts in the discharge of his official duties as a member of the present and two previous State Legislatures. I cannot see why the Third party, in this District, cannot support Mr. Boutwell with as much propriety as the Third party of Saginaw can support J. G. Birney, who has been put in nomination by the same party. I cannot see why the Third party, in this District, cannot support Mr. Boutwell with as much propriety as the Third party of Saginaw can support J. G. Birney, who has been put in nomination by the same party. Both gentlemen will, of course, support the candidates of their respective parties, for the Presidency. This, of course, abolitionists regard as inconsistent; but they will not do it in their official capacity. Both gentlemen will, of course, support the candidates of their respective parties, for the Presidency. This, of course, abolitionists regard as inconsistent; but they will not do it in their official capacity. Yours for humanity, Yours for humanity, S.C. WHEELER. S.C. WHEELER. 

 The Executive Board of the American Baptist Home Mission Society, having examined the application of the Executive Committee of the Georgia Convention for the appointment of Elder James E. Reeve, feel it their duty to state that, in addition to the information required of applicants, this communication contains a statement that Mr. Reeve is a slaveholder, and that fact is offered as a reason for his appointment, in the following terms: 'We wish his appointment so much the more, as it will stop the mouths of gainsayers. I will explain. There are good brethren among us, who, not withstanding the transactions of your Society in Philadelphia, are hard to believe that you will appoint a slaveholder a missionary, even when the funds are supplied by those who wish such an appointment.' The application, therefore, is an unusual one. The Executive Board of the American Baptist Home Mission Society, having examined the application of the Executive Committee of the Georgia Convention for the appointment of Elder James E. Reeve, feel it their duty to state that, in addition to the information required of applicants, this communication contains a statement that Mr. Reeve is a slaveholder, and that fact is offered as a reason for his appointment, in the following terms: 'We wish his appointment so much the more, as it will stop the mouths of gainsayers. I will explain. There are good brethren among us, who, not withstanding the transactions of your Society in Philadelphia, are hard to believe that you will appoint a slaveholder a missionary, even when the funds are supplied by those who wish such an appointment.' The application, therefore, is an unusual one. At the last anniversary of the Society, the following preamble and resolutions were passed, viz: At the last anniversary of the Society, the following preamble and resolutions were passed, viz: Whereas, the question has been proposed— whether the Board would or would not employ slaveholders as missionaries of the Society; and whereas, it is important that this question should receive a full and unequivocal answer; therefore, Whereas, the question has been proposed— whether the Board would or would not employ slaveholders as missionaries of the Society; and whereas, it is important that this question should receive a full and unequivocal answer; therefore, Resolved, That as the Constitution of the Home Missionary Society clearly defines its object to be the promotion of the gospel in North America, and it is provided by such Constitution that any auxiliary Society may designate the object to which the funds contributed by it shall be applied, and may also claim a missionary or missionaries, according to such funds, and select the field where such missionary or missionaries shall reside. Resolved, That as the Constitution of the Home Missionary Society clearly defines its object to be the promotion of the gospel in North America, and it is provided by such Constitution that any auxiliary Society may designate the object to which the funds contributed by it shall be applied, and may also claim a missionary or missionaries, according to such funds, and select the field where such missionary or missionaries shall reside. Therefore, 1st: That to introduce the subjects of slavery or anti-slavery into this body, is in direct contravention of the whole letter and purpose of the said Constitution, and is moreover a most unnecessary agitation of topics with which the Society has no concern, over which it has no control, and as to which its operations should not be fettered, nor its deliberations disturbed. Therefore, 1st: That to introduce the subjects of slavery or anti-slavery into this body, is in direct contravention of the whole letter and purpose of the said Constitution, and is moreover a most unnecessary agitation of topics with which the Society has no concern, over which it has no control, and as to which its operations should not be fettered, nor its deliberations disturbed. 2: That the Home Mission Society being only an agency to disburse the funds confided to it, according to the wishes of the contributors; therefore, our cooperation in this body does not imply any sympathy either with slavery or anti-slavery, as to which societies and individuals are left as free and uncommitted as if there were no such co-operation. 2: That the Home Mission Society being only an agency to disburse the funds confided to it, according to the wishes of the contributors; therefore, our cooperation in this body does not imply any sympathy either with slavery or anti-slavery, as to which societies and individuals are left as free and uncommitted as if there were no such co-operation. We disclaim attributing to our Georgia brethren a design to disturb the deliberations of the Board by introducing the subject of slavery through the medium of their application, but such, evidently, is its tendency. In the opinion of several members of the Board, the application seeks the appointment, not in the usual manner, merely of a missionary, but of a slaveholder, and is designed as a test whether the Board will appoint a slaveholder as a missionary, and thus (in the language of the Society's resolution) 'in direct contravention of the whole letter and purpose of the Constitution,' introduces the subject of slavery. They, moreover, believe, that if the application were entertained by them, it would, consequently, introduce a discussion on the admissibility of a missionary of the Society being a slaveholder; from which they are restricted by a vote of the Society, which declares it to be a topic 'over which it has no control, and as to which its operations should not be fettered, nor its deliberations disturbed.' To such an alternative they should not be driven. The Constitution, the 'Circular' of the Board, published in 1841, the Resolutions of the Society at its last anniversary, and the harmony of the Board, all forbid it. We disclaim attributing to our Georgia brethren a design to disturb the deliberations of the Board by introducing the subject of slavery through the medium of their application, but such, evidently, is its tendency. In the opinion of several members of the Board, the application seeks the appointment, not in the usual manner, merely of a missionary, but of a slaveholder, and is designed as a test whether the Board will appoint a slaveholder as a missionary, and thus (in the language of the Society's resolution) 'in direct contravention of the whole letter and purpose of the Constitution,' introduces the subject of slavery. They, moreover, believe, that if the application were entertained by them, it would, consequently, introduce a discussion on the admissibility of a missionary of the Society being a slaveholder; from which they are restricted by a vote of the Society, which declares it to be a topic 'over which it has no control, and as to which its operations should not be fettered, nor its deliberations disturbed.' To such an alternative they should not be driven. The Constitution, the 'Circular' of the Board, published in 1841, the Resolutions of the Society at its last anniversary, and the harmony of the Board, all forbid it. The appointment of missionaries, constitutionally eligible, and recommended according to our established rules, without the introduction of extraneous considerations calculated to disturb our deliberations, the Board are, during the period of their appointment, sacredly bound, in equity and justice, to make, to the extent of their pecuniary ability— keeping in view a fair distribution throughout the field, of the funds committed to their trust. But when an application is made for the appointment of a slave-holder, or an abolitionist, or an anti-slavery man, as such, or for appropriations to fields when the design of the applicant is apparently to test the action o the Board in respect to the subjects of slavery o anti-slavery; their official obligation either to act on the appointment or to entertain the application ceases; therefore, The appointment of missionaries, constitutionally eligible, and recommended according to our established rules, without the introduction of extraneous considerations calculated to disturb our deliberations, the Board are, during the period of their appointment, sacredly bound, in equity and justice, to make, to the extent of their pecuniary ability— keeping in view a fair distribution throughout the field, of the funds committed to their trust. But when an application is made for the appointment of a slave-holder, or an abolitionist, or an anti-slavery man, as such, as such, or for appropriations to fields when the design of the applicant is apparently to test the action o the Board in respect to the subjects of slavery o anti-slavery; their official obligation either to act on the appointment or to entertain the application ceases; therefore, Resolved, That in view of the preceding considerations, it is not expedient to introduce the subjects of slavery or anti-slavery into our deliberations, nor to entertain applications in which they are introduced. Resolved, That in view of the preceding considerations, it is not expedient to introduce the subjects of slavery or anti-slavery into our deliberations, nor to entertain applications in which they are introduced. Resolved, That taking into consideration all the circumstances of the case, we deem ourselves not at liberty to entertain the application for the appointment of Rev. James E. Reeve. Resolved, That taking into consideration all the circumstances of the case, we deem ourselves not at liberty to entertain the application for the appointment of Rev. James E. Reeve. Resolved, That the Corresponding Secretary transmit a copy of the foregoing views and resolutions to the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Georgia Convention. Resolved, That the Corresponding Secretary transmit a copy of the foregoing views and resolutions to the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Georgia Convention. By order of the Executive Board, By order of the Executive Board, BENJAMIN M. HILL, Cor. Sec'y. BENJAMIN M. HILL, Cor. Sec'y. Cor. Sec'y. 

 GROTON, Oct. 25, 1844. GROTON, Oct. 25, 1844. DEAR SIR: DEAR SIR: I take an early opportunity to reply to the questions which you proposed in your note of the 22d instant. I take an early opportunity to reply to the questions which you proposed in your note of the 22d instant. You ask me, first, if I believe it the right and the duty of Congress to accomplish the immediate abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia. The Constitution of the United States says— 'The Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases whatsoever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the United States.' Mr. Madison says, in his comments upon this— 'The indispensable necessity of complete authority at the seat of government, carries its own evidence with it. It is a power exercised by every legislature of the Union— I might say of the world— by virtue of its general supremacy.' This language warrants the inference, that the power of exclusive legislation would have existed in Congress, had the Constitution been silent upon the point. But Mr. Madison and his associates were desirous that it should be clearly recognized in the instrument itself. The safety and independence of Congress were the objects of this provision. Before the adoption of the Constitution, Congress was surrounded by a small body of mutinous soldiers. The authority of Pennsylvania was so inefficient, that the legislature removed to New-Jersey. The humiliating spectacle of a fugitive Congress was before, the convention and the clause quoted was intended to provide for the safety and independence of the national legislature. If the independence of that body have not already been impaired by the presence of slavery at the seat of government, its safety may hereafter depend on the immediate abolition of that institution. The continental Congress could hardly have been in more danger from a small hand of soldiers, smarting with the privations of a few months, than some future Congress may be from a numerous body of men goaded by the wrongs of centuries. If Congress have not the power to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, then it has not power to change abolish any of the institutions which existed time of its cession. It may, with as much propriety, be said that Congress has no authority over the military, financial or educational system if the District, as that it has no authority over the slave system. Congress having the power, it surely in its duty to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia. You ask me, first, if I believe it the right and the duty of Congress to accomplish the immediate abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia. The Constitution of the United States says— 'The Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases whatsoever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the United States.' Mr. Madison says, in his comments upon this— 'The indispensable necessity of complete authority at the seat of government, carries its own evidence with it. It is a power exercised by every legislature of the Union— I might say of the world— by virtue of its general supremacy.' This language warrants the inference, that the power of exclusive legislation would have existed in Congress, had the Constitution been silent upon the point. But Mr. Madison and his associates were desirous that it should be clearly recognized in the instrument itself. The safety and independence of Congress were the objects of this provision. Before the adoption of the Constitution, Congress was surrounded by a small body of mutinous soldiers. The authority of Pennsylvania was so inefficient, that the legislature removed to New-Jersey. The humiliating spectacle of a fugitive Congress was before, the convention and the clause quoted was intended to provide for the safety and independence of the national legislature. If the independence of that body have not already been impaired by the presence of slavery at the seat of government, its safety may hereafter depend on the immediate abolition of that institution. The continental Congress could hardly have been in more danger from a small hand of soldiers, smarting with the privations of a few months, than some future Congress may be from a numerous body of men goaded by the wrongs of centuries. If Congress have not the power to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, then it has not power to change abolish any of the institutions which existed time of its cession. It may, with as much propriety, be said that Congress has no authority over the military, financial or educational system if the District, as that it has no authority over the slave system. Congress having the power, it surely in its duty to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia. The power of Congress over the territories is less complete than over the District, but it is believed to be sufficient to justify the abolition of slavery. The Constitution gives authority to Congress to make all needful rules and regulations, respecting the territory or other property belonging to the U. States.' The power of Congress over the territories is less complete than over the District, but it is believed to be sufficient to justify the abolition of slavery. The Constitution gives authority to Congress to make all needful rules and regulations, respecting the territory or other property belonging to the U. States.' By the power of Congress to regulate foreign commerce, certain articles are prohibited; so by the analogous power to regulate commerce among the States, Congress may declare that men are not proper subjects of traffic. It is the duty of Congress to exercise this power. By the power of Congress to regulate foreign commerce, certain articles are prohibited; so by the analogous power to regulate commerce among the States, Congress may declare that men are not proper subjects of traffic. It is the duty of Congress to exercise this power. By my course in the Massachusetts Legislature, I am committed in favor of such amendments of the Constitution of the United States as shall release the people of the free States from all support of the system of slavery. To that policy I adhere. By my course in the Massachusetts Legislature, I am committed in favor of such amendments of the Constitution of the United States as shall release the people of the free States from all support of the system of slavery. To that policy I adhere. I am opposed to the extension of slavery, either by the admission of new slave States into the Union, or by the annexation to the United States of any foreign territory in which that institution exists. I am opposed to the extension of slavery, either by the admission of new slave States into the Union, or by the annexation to the United States of any foreign territory in which that institution exists. Very respectfully, Very respectfully, GEO. S. BOUTWELL. GEO. S. BOUTWELL. MR. S.C. WHEELER. MR. S.C. WHEELER. 

 MR. EDITOR,— Permit me to make a few brief remarks on the principles involved in the course pursued by the Baptist Triennial Convention, in their late meeting at Philadelphia, in relation to their connection with slavery. My object is not controversy, but to bring to the test of Scripture the principles assumed by that body, put forth in the form of a resolve. I am not aware that any evidence has been given from the Scriptures in support of their extraordinary position. And it is a remarkable fact, that in the protracted controversy between the old Board of Foreign Missions and the abolitionists, neither of the parties, if I mistake not, have appealed to the Scriptures. How can we account for this omission, but upon the principle that both were instinctively led to shun a judge who would be likely to bring them both in guilty? Would either party appeal to our Saviour, who held the Jews accountable for all the blood of the prophets whom their fathers slow[ ]view, simply because they allowed their deeds? Would they call upon the apostle John, who well understood how to apply the broad principle of our Lord, when he said 'If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God-speed, for he that biddeth him God-speed is partaker of his evil deeds.' Nor is it to be presumed that Paul would be consulted whether slaveholders should be communed with, without becoming partakers of their evil deeds, since he has forbidden in the 1 Cor. 5: 11, to commune with fornicators and extortioners, &c., which would necessarily exclude slaveholders. It is worthy of notice that the above commands of the apostles apply to all professing Christians. MR. EDITOR,— Permit me to make a few brief remarks on the principles involved in the course pursued by the Baptist Triennial Convention, in their late meeting at Philadelphia, in relation to their connection with slavery. My object is not controversy, but to bring to the test of Scripture the principles assumed by that body, put forth in the form of a resolve. I am not aware that any evidence has been given from the Scriptures in support of their extraordinary position. And it is a remarkable fact, that in the protracted controversy between the old Board of Foreign Missions and the abolitionists, neither of the parties, if I mistake not, have appealed to the Scriptures. How can we account for this omission, but upon the principle that both were instinctively led to shun a judge who would be likely to bring them both in guilty? Would either party appeal to our Saviour, who held the Jews accountable for all the blood of the prophets whom their fathers slow[ ]view, simply because they allowed their deeds? Would they call upon the apostle John, who well understood how to apply the broad principle of our Lord, when he said 'If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God-speed, for he that biddeth him God-speed is partaker of his evil deeds.' Nor is it to be presumed that Paul would be consulted whether slaveholders should be communed with, without becoming partakers of their evil deeds, since he has forbidden in the 1 Cor. 5: 11, to commune with fornicators and extortioners, &c., which would necessarily exclude slaveholders. It is worthy of notice that the above commands of the apostles apply to all professing Christians. John says, 'If there come any unto you and bring not this doctrine,' &c. And Paul says, 'If any man that is called a brother,' &c. Which, from these terms, were not intended to be limited to any particular church or denomination of Christians. In view of the above scriptures, does not all religious connection with slaveholders stand condemned? and are not the principles of union and fellowship, by which the Baptists of the North and South are united, equally strong as those forbidden by the apostles? But the ground assumed by the Convention in relation to slavery, for aught I can see, would go to do away all principle upon these subjects, either moral or religious; for they assume the ground that there is no fixed principles in the Bible by which the question of communion and accountability can be decided; for if their religious connection with slaveholders does not involve fellowship and accountability, then we may despair of being able to prove either from the scriptures. And if their views should obtain, they might be found equally convenient in the churches; instead of weakening them by divisions and exclusions, they might with a trifling alteration adopt the same preamble and resolve that were adopted by the above convention. 'Whereas there exist in various sections of our country, an impression that our present organization involves the fellowship of horse-stealing, from the fact that some of our members belong to this institution, 'Resolved; that in co-operating together as members of this' church, and in communing together as Christians, 'we disclaim all sanction either expressed or implied whatever of' horse-stealing or anti-horse-stealing, 'but as individuals we are perfectly free both to express and to promote our own views on these subjects elsewhere,' either for or against horse-stealing, provided we do it 'in a Christian manners and spirit.' Where can the church be found that has the hardihood to adopt the above resolve? Yet the principle is precisely the same as the one adopted by the Triennial Convention. I have only substituted horse-stealing for slavery or man-stealing. John says, 'If there come any any unto you and bring not this doctrine,' &c. And Paul says, 'If any man that is called called a brother,' &c. Which, from these terms, were not intended to be limited to any particular church or denomination of Christians. In view of the above scriptures, does not all religious connection with slaveholders stand condemned? and are not the principles of union and fellowship, by which the Baptists of the North and South are united, equally strong as those forbidden by the apostles? But the ground assumed by the Convention in relation to slavery, for aught I can see, would go to do away all principle upon these subjects, either moral or religious; for they assume the ground that there is no fixed principles in the Bible by which the question of communion and accountability can be decided; for if their religious connection with slaveholders does not involve fellowship and accountability, then we may despair of being able to prove either from the scriptures. And if their views should obtain, they might be found equally convenient in the churches; instead of weakening them by divisions and exclusions, they might with a trifling alteration adopt the same preamble and resolve that were adopted by the above convention. 'Whereas there exist in various sections of our country, an impression that our present organization involves the fellowship of horse-stealing, from the fact that some of our members belong to this institution, 'Resolved; that in co-operating together as members of this' church, and in communing together as Christians, 'we disclaim all sanction either expressed or implied whatever of' horse-stealing or anti-horse-stealing, 'but as individuals we are perfectly free both to express and to promote our own views on these subjects elsewhere,' either for or against horse-stealing, provided we do it 'in a Christian manners and spirit.' Where can the church be found that has the hardihood to adopt the above resolve? Yet the principle is precisely the same as the one adopted by the Triennial Convention. I have only substituted horse-stealing for slavery or man-stealing. Well might it be said to those who can commune with the man-thief, but would think it a great sin to commune with a horse thief, 'ye fools and blind, for whether is the greater sin?' to commune with a horse-thief, who must pay four fold, or the man-thief that God has commanded to be put to death? But this is not all. The above Convention, in attempting to avoid responsibility, not being quite neutral, and having a strong desire to favor the South, have actually committed themselves in favor of slavery, in the closing part of their resolve, in the following manner. 'But as individuals, we are perfectly free to express and to promote our own views on these subjects elsewhere, in a Christian manner and spirit.' Here we have a mutual agreement of these high contracting parties, that the members of that Convention are perfectly free, as individuals, to promote slavery as they may think proper. Besides, in the above resolution, the principle is implied that slavery is not a sin; otherwise, how could they give their approbation and sanction to their brethren to promote what was sinful as individuals, without becoming individually guilty, unless they have adopted the principle, that there is no harm in sinning, provided we can manage to sin 'in a Christian manner and spirit?' But their attempt to establish the doctrine of neutrality in direct opposition to the assertion of our Saviour, and thus virtually disowning their allegiance to God, and their thinking to avoid detection, by passing a disclaimer, and attempting to take refuge under a neutral flag, pre-supposes a consciousness of a position, which needs no comment. Well might it be said to those who can commune with the man-thief, but would think it a great sin to commune with a horse thief, 'ye fools and blind, for whether is the greater sin?' to commune with a horse-thief, who must pay four fold, or the man-thief that God has commanded to be put to death? But this is not all. The above Convention, in attempting to avoid responsibility, not being quite neutral, and having a strong desire to favor the South, have actually committed themselves in favor of slavery, in the closing part of their resolve, in the following manner. 'But as individuals, we are perfectly free to express and to promote our own views on these subjects elsewhere, in a Christian manner and spirit.' Here we have a mutual agreement of these high contracting parties, that the members of that Convention are perfectly free, as individuals, to promote slavery as they may think proper. Besides, in the above resolution, the principle is implied that slavery is not a sin; otherwise, how could they give their approbation and sanction to their brethren to promote what was sinful as individuals, without becoming individually guilty, unless they have adopted the principle, that there is no harm in sinning, provided we can manage to sin 'in a Christian manner and spirit?' But their attempt to establish the doctrine of neutrality in direct opposition to the assertion of our Saviour, and thus virtually disowning their allegiance to God, and their thinking to avoid detection, by passing a disclaimer, and attempting to take refuge under a neutral flag, pre-supposes a consciousness of a position, which needs no comment. STILLMAN LOTHROP. STILLMAN LOTHROP. Cambridgeport, October, 1844. Cambridgeport, October, 1844. The editor of the Reflector suppressed the name of the worthy and venerable author of the above. The editor of the Reflector suppressed the name of the worthy and venerable author of the above. 

 ANDOVER, October 25, 1844. ANDOVER, October 25, 1844. DEAR SIR: DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 2d inst. was duly received, and I hasten to comply with your request. Your favor of the 2d inst. was duly received, and I hasten to comply with your request. I most freely recognise 'the right of the people to know the opinions of those who are put in nomination for their suffrages'— and, especially, on those questions of public policy of vital importance to the whole country, upon the adoption or recognition of which, depend the safety and perpetuity of the Union, and all our republican institutions. I most freely recognise 'the right of the people to know the opinions of those who are put in nomination for their suffrages'— and, especially, on those questions of public policy of vital importance to the whole country, upon the adoption or recognition of which, depend the safety and perpetuity of the Union, and all our republican institutions. In answer to your first interrogatory, I remark, that I ever have, and do now, believe Congress to possess the right, and that it is its immediate duty, 'to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia and the Territories, and the slave trade between the States.' An answer of mine to questions of a similar character, fully recognizing this right, was published in the Salem Gazette and other journals in the autumn of 1839. In answer to your first interrogatory, I remark, that I ever have, and do now, believe Congress to possess the right, and that it is its immediate duty, 'to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia and the Territories, and the slave trade between the States.' An answer of mine to questions of a similar character, fully recognizing this right, was published in the Salem Gazette and other journals in the autumn of 1839. In making a reply to your second inquiry, whether I am 'in favor of amending the Constitution of the United States, so as to release the people of the free States from all support of the system of slavery'— I answer, YES; and for a more extended reply, I refer you to my letter written at Washington, on the Report of the Committee on the Virginia Resolutions, and inserted in the Lowell Journal, May 31, 1844. In making a reply to your second inquiry, whether I am 'in favor of amending the Constitution of the United States, so as to release the people of the free States from all support of the system of slavery'— I answer, YES; and for a more extended reply, I refer you to my letter written at Washington, on the Report of the Committee on the Virginia Resolutions, and inserted in the Lowell Journal, May 31, 1844. Third interrogatory— Should the nomination which has been made, placing my name once more before the electors of the third District as a candidate to represent them in the twenty-ninth Congress, be succeeded by an election, I shall, (without any change in my long established political and moral principles, or from any sinister motives,) in my official capacity, feel myself placed under solemn obligations to discharge what I conceive to be my duty in relation to any and every public measure, upon which I may be called to act— and more especially, strenuously to 'oppose the admission of any new State into the Union, whose Constitution tolerates slavery, or the annexation of any foreign State or Territory to that of the United States, which tolerates that institution.' Third interrogatory— Should the nomination which has been made, placing my name once more before the electors of the third District as a candidate to represent them in the twenty-ninth Congress, be succeeded by an election, I shall, (without any change in my long established political and moral principles, or from any sinister motives,) in my official capacity, feel myself placed under solemn obligations to discharge what I conceive to be my duty in relation to any and every public measure, upon which I may be called to act— and more especially, strenuously to 'oppose the admission of any new State into the Union, whose Constitution tolerates slavery, or the annexation of any foreign State or Territory to that of the United States, which tolerates that institution.' I have thus briefly given you my views on the several inquiries which you have been pleased to make, the same in substance as I should and ever have expressed at any other time, or under any other circumstances. I have thus briefly given you my views on the several inquiries which you have been pleased to make, the same in substance as I should and ever have expressed at any other time, or under any other circumstances. I am, with sentiments of the highest respect. I am, with sentiments of the highest respect. Yours truly, Yours truly, AMOS ARROTT AMOS ARROTT S.C. WHEELER, Esq. S.C. WHEELER, Esq. 

 Case of Rev. C.T. Torrey.— The Grand Jury of the city of Baltimore found a presentment against this individual on Tuesday, for enticing away certain slaves of Henry Heckrotts. Case of Rev. C.T. Torrey. Case of Rev. C.T. Torrey. — The Grand Jury of the city of Baltimore found a presentment against this individual on Tuesday, for enticing away certain slaves of Henry Heckrotts. 

 FRIENDS: FRIENDS: We earnestly invite your co-operation with the citizens of Boston and Harwich, in behalf of Capt. Jonathan Walker, now confined in the jail at Pensacola, for the conscientious fulfilment of a Christian duty. His case is one of peculiar interest to the philanthropist and Christian. Will you take it into consideration, and deliver discourses on the subject, and collect funds to meet the expenses of counsel, and to succor the suffering family of our fellow-laborer? We earnestly invite your co-operation with the citizens of Boston and Harwich, in behalf of Capt. Jonathan Walker, now confined in the jail at Pensacola, for the conscientious fulfilment of a Christian duty. His case is one of peculiar interest to the philanthropist and Christian. Will you take it into consideration, and deliver discourses on the subject, and collect funds to meet the expenses of counsel, and to succor the suffering family of our fellow-laborer? All funds should be remitted to M.S. Scudder, 15 Pearl street, H.W. Williams, 25 Cornhill, or J.W. Alden, 7 Cornhill. All funds should be remitted to M.S. Scudder, 15 Pearl street, H.W. Williams, 25 Cornhill, or J.W. Alden, 7 Cornhill. H.I. BOWDITCH, H.I. BOWDITCH, M.S. SCUDDER, M.S. SCUDDER, for the Committee. for the Committee. Boston, Oct. 31, 1844. Boston, Oct. 31, 1844. 

 The Whig Central Committee of Michigan beg leave to lay the following facts before a candid public: The Whig Central Committee of Michigan beg leave to lay the following facts before a candid public: The suspicion that has long existed, of the alliance of Mr. Birney, the abolition candidate for the Presidency, with the Locofoco party, is at length confirmed. On the 28th of September last, in pursuance of an agreement made with the party leaders in Saginaw county, in this State, he was nominated as their candidate for the State Legislature, by a regular Convention of the Locofoco party at Saginaw city, having previously authorized a friend, who was a member of the Convention, to express his willingness to ACCEPT the nomination. Of this fact, there is not the least possible doubt. Great efforts have since been made, and are making, to conceal the evidence— especially of Mr. Birney's acquiescence in the nomination, and his adhesion to 'democratic principles,' and the Polk and Dallas party; but these facts can no longer be denied. We are enabled to submit evidence of a character to convince every candid mind. We leave the public to judge. Subjoined is the sworn statement of WM. S. DRIGGS, Esq., a gentleman of intelligence, and perfectly unimpeachable character. We vouch for his unsullied honor and veracity. The suspicion that has long existed, of the alliance of Mr. Birney, the abolition candidate for the Presidency, with the Locofoco party, is at length confirmed. On the 28th of September last, in pursuance of an agreement made with the party leaders in Saginaw county, in this State, he was nominated as their candidate for the State Legislature, by a regular Convention of the Locofoco party at Saginaw city, having previously authorized a friend, who was a member of the Convention, to express his willingness to ACCEPT the nomination. Of this fact, there is not the least possible doubt. Great efforts have since been made, and are making, to conceal the evidence— especially of Mr. Birney's acquiescence in the nomination, and his adhesion to 'democratic principles,' and the Polk and Dallas party; but these facts can no longer be denied. We are enabled to submit evidence of a character to convince every candid mind. We leave the public to judge. Subjoined is the sworn statement of WM. S. DRIGGS, Esq., a gentleman of intelligence, and perfectly unimpeachable character. We vouch for his unsullied honor and veracity. Table  Table  Detroit, October 14, 1844. Detroit, October 14, 1844. 

 Mr. Moody will hold meetings in the following places in behalf of Capt. Walker. The friends there will need no urging to induce them to render every possible assistance. Mr. Moody will hold meetings in the following places in behalf of Capt. Walker. The friends there will need no urging to induce them to render every possible assistance. Table  Table  

 Table  Table  William S. Driggs, of Detroit, in said county and State, being duly sworn, says, on Wednesday, the 9th day of October instant, he left the city of Detroit for the purpose of going to Saginaw, in this State, and ascertaining the facts and circumstances relative to the nomination of James G. Birney, Esq. to the Legislature of the State by the 'Democratic' party in the County of Saginaw; that on the 12th day October inst., he called at the dwelling house of J.B. Garland, Esq. about nine miles from Saginaw city, and held a conversation of considerable length with him; that said Garland informed deponent that he, said Garland, was a member of the Democratic party; that he was a member of the Democratic Convention of said county, held at Saginaw city, on the 28th of September last, for the purpose of nominating candidates for county officers and for Representative in the Legislature of this State; that he, said Garland, attended said convention, (which was held at the house of E. Jewett); that James G. Birney, Esq., (who resides at Lower Saginaw, in said Saginaw county,) was then and there nominated by said Convention as the candidate of the Democratic party for such Representative, by an unanimous vote; that he, said Garland, had had several conversations with said Birney, some days previous to the meeting of said convention, in reference to said Birney's becoming such candidate, in which the latter expressed to him his (said Birney's) willingness to accept such nomination, remarking that he should be quite willing to accept it, if tendered to him, and would, if elected, serve the county to the best of his abilities, and refrain from agitating the question of Abolition in the House; that he, said Birney, was a Jeffersonian Democrat, and always had been. Said Garland also stated to this deponent, that when in the said convention he was questioned by other members respecting Mr. Birney's political sentiments and opinions, and that in answer, he stated to the convention what he then stated to this deponent; deponent then asked him what other authority he had for making said statement to the convention? to which he replied that he had in his possession a letter from Mr. Birney himself, authorizing him to make such statement; deponent then requested him to show him the letter; said Garland declined, remarking that he would show it to no one, unless said Birney should deny having authorized him to make such statement, in which case he would produce it. Said Garland is a man of respectability and good standing, and a Democrat of influence in said county. He expressed his determination to vote for Birney, and to do all in his power to promote his election, affirming that he (Birney) was the regularly nominated candidate of the party, and that those of the Democrats who had declared against him constituted but a mere faction. He also stated that he was well acquainted with Mr. Birney, and that the latter was in the habit of frequently stopping at his house. Deponent then requested said Garland to make an affidavit of the facts he had thus stated, but he refused, alleging that he had been informed that Mr. Birney's nomination was producing some excitement abroad, and perhaps injuring the Democratic party, and he was unwilling to do any thing which might have that effect. William S. Driggs, of Detroit, in said county and State, being duly sworn, says, on Wednesday, the 9th day of October instant, he left the city of Detroit for the purpose of going to Saginaw, in this State, and ascertaining the facts and circumstances relative to the nomination of James G. Birney James G. Birney , Esq. to the Legislature of the State by the 'Democratic' party in the County of Saginaw; that on the 12th day October inst., he called at the dwelling house of J.B. Garland, Esq. about nine miles from Saginaw city, and held a conversation of considerable length with him; that said Garland informed deponent that he, said Garland, was a member of the Democratic party; that he was a member of the Democratic Convention of said county, held at Saginaw city, on the 28th of September last, for the purpose of nominating candidates for county officers and for Representative in the Legislature of this State; that he, said Garland, attended said convention, (which was held at the house of E. Jewett); that James G. Birney, Esq., (who resides at Lower Saginaw, in said Saginaw county,) was then and there nominated by said Convention as the candidate of the Democratic party for such Representative, by an unanimous vote; that he, said Garland, had had several conversations with said Birney, some days previous to the meeting of said convention, in reference to said Birney's becoming such candidate, in which the latter expressed to him his (said Birney's) willingness to accept such nomination, remarking that he should be quite willing to accept it, if tendered to him, and would, if elected, serve the county to the best of his abilities, and refrain from agitating the question of Abolition in the House; that he, said Birney, was a Jeffersonian Democrat, and always had been. Said Garland also stated to this deponent, that when in the said convention he was questioned by other members respecting Mr. Birney's political sentiments and opinions, and that in answer, he stated to the convention what he then stated to this deponent; deponent then asked him what other other authority he had for making said statement to the convention? to which he replied that he had in his possession a letter from Mr. Birney himself, authorizing him to make such statement; deponent then requested him to show him the letter; said Garland declined, remarking that he would show it to no one, unless said Birney should deny having authorized him to make such statement, in which case he would produce it. Said Garland is a man of respectability and good standing, and a Democrat of influence in said county. He expressed his determination to vote for Birney, and to do all in his power to promote his election, affirming that he (Birney) was the regularly nominated candidate of the party, and that those of the Democrats who had declared against him constituted but a mere faction. He also stated that he was well acquainted with Mr. Birney, and that the latter was in the habit of frequently stopping at his house. Deponent then requested said Garland to make an affidavit of the facts he had thus stated, but he refused, alleging that he had been informed that Mr. Birney's nomination was producing some excitement abroad, and perhaps injuring the Democratic party, and he was unwilling to do any thing which might have that effect. Deponent further says, that on the day before, he had a conversation with Mr. E. Jewett, the keeper of the house at which said convention was held, and was informed by him that he heard said Garland state in said convention, in a public manner, that Mr. Birney had professed to him to be a Democrat, and promised, if elected, 'to carry out Democratic principles.' Said Jewett refused to give deponent a written statement of this fact, for the same reason given by Mr. Garland for his refusal, but the fact that said Garland did make such a declaration in the convention, is, to the knowledge of this deponent, generally stated, and believed by the residents of the village where the convention was held, and that in conversation with numerous persons there, of all political parties, he heard no one deny the fact. Deponent further says, that a written statement of said Garland's declaration in the convention was, some days after it was held, and after Mr. Birney had left Saginaw for the East, drawn up by another delegate of the same convention, and submitted to Mr. Garland, and corrected and approved by him, in which the following passage occurs: Deponent further says, that on the day before, he had a conversation with Mr. E. Jewett, the keeper of the house at which said convention was held, and was informed by him that he heard said Garland state in said convention, in a public manner, that Mr. Birney had professed to him to be a Democrat, and promised, if elected, 'to carry out Democratic principles.' Said Jewett refused to give deponent a written statement of this fact, for the same reason given by Mr. Garland for his refusal, but the fact that said Garland did make such a declaration in the convention, is, to the knowledge of this deponent, generally stated, and believed by the residents of the village where the convention was held, and that in conversation with numerous persons there, of all political parties, he heard no one deny the fact. Deponent further says, that a written statement of said Garland's declaration in the convention was, some days after it was held, and after Mr. Birney had left Saginaw for the East, drawn up by another delegate of the same convention, and submitted to Mr. Garland, and corrected and approved by him, in which the following passage occurs: 'Mr. Birney had declared to him (Garland,) his willingness to receive the nomination for Representative at the hands of the Democratic party.' 'Mr. Birney had declared to him (Garland,) his willingness to receive the nomination for Representative at the hands of the Democratic party.' But the gentleman who drew it up and now has it in possession, refuses to permit the same to be published. Deponent further says, that he called on Mr. Jenny, the editor of the 'North Star,' a Democratic newspaper printed at Saginaw city, in which the proceedings of said convention were published, and was shown by him the original manuscript containing the said proceedings, and that the following is a true copy thereof, as published in said newspaper on the 3d of Oct. But the gentleman who drew it up and now has it in possession, refuses to permit the same to be published. Deponent further says, that he called on Mr. Jenny, the editor of the 'North Star,' a Democratic newspaper printed at Saginaw city, in which the proceedings of said convention were published, and was shown by him the original manuscript containing the said proceedings, and that the following is a true copy thereof, as published in said newspaper on the 3d of Oct. DEMOCRATIC COUNTY CONVENTION. DEMOCRATIC COUNTY CONVENTION. The Democratic delegates from the several townships in the County of Saginaw, met in Convention, pursuant to notice previously given, at the house of E. Jewett, in Saginaw city, on Saturday the 28th day of September. Albert Miller, Esq. was called to the chair, and Truman M. 'Waters, appointed secretary. The Democratic delegates from the several townships in the County of Saginaw, met in Convention, pursuant to notice previously given, at the house of E. Jewett, in Saginaw city, on Saturday the 28th day of September. Albert Miller, Esq. was called to the chair, and Truman M. 'Waters, appointed secretary. The object of the Convention was stated to be, to nominate suitable persons to be supported at the ensuing election for county officers. The following delegates appeared and took their seats: The object of the Convention was stated to be, to nominate suitable persons to be supported at the ensuing election for county officers. The following delegates appeared and took their seats: Saginaw— E.N. Davenport, Joshua Blackmore, Albert Miller, Anthony R. Swarthout, James A. Kent. Saginaw Saginaw — E.N. Davenport, Joshua Blackmore, Albert Miller, Anthony R. Swarthout, James A. Kent. Taymouth— A.F. Hayden, J. Malone, J.B. Garland, James Farquahson, John Farquahson. Taymouth Taymouth — A.F. Hayden, J. Malone, J.B. Garland, James Farquahson, John Farquahson. Tuscola— T.M. Waters, E. Davis, E. Ellis, H. Davis, A.H. Williams. Tuscola Tuscola — T.M. Waters, E. Davis, E. Ellis, H. Davis, A.H. Williams. Tittabawassa— Thos. McCarty, Wm. Shields, Robert Use, Sam'l Shattuck, James Gotee. Tittabawassa Tittabawassa — Thos. McCarty, Wm. Shields, Robert Use, Sam'l Shattuck, James Gotee. Hampton— S.S. Campbell, J.F. Marsac, Benj. F. Cusway, Shermon Wheeler, Louis Tromly. Hampton Hampton — S.S. Campbell, J.F. Marsac, Benj. F. Cusway, Shermon Wheeler, Louis Tromly. The following nominations were made by the Convention: The following nominations were made by the Convention: For Representative— James G. Birney. For Representative— James G. Birney. For Associate Judges— Gardiner D. Williams, Andrew Ewers. For Associate Judges— Gardiner D. Williams, Andrew Ewers. For Treasurer— Sydney S. Campbell. For Treasurer— Sydney S. Campbell. For Sheriff— J. Blackmore. For Sheriff— J. Blackmore. For Judge of Probate— Albert Miller. For Judge of Probate— Albert Miller. For County Clerk— W.L.P. Little. For County Clerk— W.L.P. Little. For Register of Deeds— Thomas Simpson. For Register of Deeds— Thomas Simpson. For County Surveyor— James J. McCormick. For County Surveyor— James J. McCormick. For Coroners— E.N. Davenport, E. Davis. For Coroners— E.N. Davenport, E. Davis. Resolved, That the above ticket be declared unanimously nominated by this Convention. Resolved, That the above ticket be declared unanimously nominated by this Convention. A. MILLER, Chairman. A. MILLER, Chairman. Chairman. T.M. WATERS, Sec. T.M. WATERS, Sec. Sec. Said Editor refused to part with the manuscript, on the ground of a breach of confidence. The fact of Mr. Birney's acquiescence in said nomination, and adhesion to the party nominating him, is of general notoriety in said county, and especially in Saginaw city, and is further proved by the following published declaration of G.D. Williams, Thomas McCarty, A.H. Hayden, and N. Beach, all leading Democrats in said county, and two of them, Mr. Hayden and Mr. McCarty, members of said Convention. Said Editor refused to part with the manuscript, on the ground of a breach of confidence. The fact of Mr. Birney's acquiescence in said nomination, and adhesion to the party nominating him, is of general notoriety in said county, and especially in Saginaw city, and is further proved by the following published declaration of G.D. Williams, Thomas McCarty, A.H. Hayden, and N. Beach, all leading Democrats in said county, and two of them, Mr. Hayden and Mr. McCarty, members of said Convention. 'One of the delegates to the Convention, (a gentleman of truth and veracity,) held on the 28th of September last, stated that Mr. Birney, professed to him to be a Democrat, and stated that he (Birney) would carry out Democratic principles.' 'One of the delegates to the Convention, (a gentleman of truth and veracity,) held on the 28th of September last, stated that Mr. Birney, professed to him to be a Democrat, and stated that he (Birney) would carry out Democratic principles.' And further this deponent saith not. And further this deponent saith not. W.S. DRIGGS. W.S. DRIGGS. Sworn and subscribed before me, this 16th day of October, A.D. 1844. Sworn and subscribed before me, this 16th day of October, A.D. 1844. THEO. WILLIAMS. THEO. WILLIAMS. Justice of the Peace, Wayne county, Mich. Justice of the Peace, Wayne county, Mich. 

 METHUEN, Oct. 14, 1844. METHUEN, Oct. 14, 1844. BROTHER GARRISON: BROTHER GARRISON: I am requested, by the Secretary of the Methuen Anti-Slavery Society, to ask you to insert, in the Liberator, the following note: I am requested, by the Secretary of the Methuen Anti-Slavery Society, to ask you to insert, in the Liberator, the following note: Will Mr. Abel C. Brown inform the Methuen Anti-Slavery Society if he received, last autumn, by the hand of a Mr. Washington, a box of clothing designed for the fugitives in Canada: and whether the box has reached its place of designation? Will Mr. Abel C. Brown inform the Methuen Anti-Slavery Society if he received, last autumn, by the hand of a Mr. Washington, a box of clothing designed for the fugitives in Canada: and whether the box has reached its place of designation? The facts which have led to this inquiry are these: Some time last autumn, a Mr. Washington, a fugitive slave was sent by Mr. Brows, agent of the New-York or Albany Vigilance Committee, to Methuen lectures, and present the claims of the Society, of which he was agent. As our anti-slavery female friends had a box of clothing for the fugitives in Canada, it was labelled and sent by Mr. Washington to Mr. Brows, with the request that he would send it by the first opportunity. They have never heard any thing from the box since. They have another box now ready, but do not think it expedient to send it, till they have heard from the first. If you will insert the above note, you will much oblige the Society. The facts which have led to this inquiry are these: Some time last autumn, a Mr. Washington, a fugitive slave was sent by Mr. Brows, agent of the New-York or Albany Vigilance Committee, to Methuen lectures, and present the claims of the Society, of which he was agent. As our anti-slavery female friends had a box of clothing for the fugitives in Canada, it was labelled and sent by Mr. Washington to Mr. Brows, with the request that he would send it by the first opportunity. They have never heard any thing from the box since. They have another box now ready, but do not think it expedient to send it, till they have heard from the first. If you will insert the above note, you will much oblige the Society. Yours truly, Yours truly, JAMES D. HERRICE. JAMES D. HERRICE. 

 Dear Sir,— At the request of some of our Liberty party friends in this place, I enclose for publication in your next paper, a statement of their reasons for abandoning James G. Birney, which they are desirous of presenting to their brethren else where. They wished to send it to you through some individual known to you, in order that you might be assured of the genuineness of the document. It is gratifying to find that they are opening their eyes to the true position of their party, and their duty to the country at the approaching election. Dear Sir,— At the request of some of our Liberty party friends in this place, I enclose for publication in your next paper, a statement of their reasons for abandoning James G. Birney, which they are desirous of presenting to their brethren else where. They wished to send it to you through some individual known to you, in order that you might be assured of the genuineness of the document. It is gratifying to find that they are opening their eyes to the true position of their party, and their duty to the country at the approaching election. Very respectfully, yours, Very respectfully, yours, JAMES H. DUNCAN. JAMES H. DUNCAN. J.T. BUCKINGHAM. J.T. BUCKINGHAM. 

 IMPARTIALITY!— The last number of the Hartford Christian (!) Freeman, a most venomous 'Liberty' paper, contains more than saves columns of matter in opposition to Henry Clay, but not even seven lines against the election of James K. Polk. This is a specimen of the impartial treatment of the two great political parties by the pseudo 'Liberty journals,' with rare exceptions. IMPARTIALITY!— The last number of the Hartford Christian (!) Freeman, a most venomous 'Liberty' paper, contains more than saves columns of matter in opposition to Henry Clay, but not even seven lines seven lines against the election of James K. Polk. This is a specimen of the impartial impartial treatment of the two great political parties by the pseudo 'Liberty journals,' with rare exceptions. 

 TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER: TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER: Sir,— The undersigned, citizens of Haverhill, Mass., have been active members of the Liberty party, and our efforts in the cause of Abolition have been well known in this vicinity. In advocating the election of James G. Birney, we supposed that we were acting in accordance with moral duty, and promoting the well-being of the slave and his master. But his recent acceptance of the nomination from the miscalled Democratic party, to a seat in the Michigan Legislature, and his expression that there was more danger of the annexation of Texas by the election of Henry Clay than of James K. Polk, lead us to doubt his impartiality between the two great parties. Therefore we cannot any longer give him our support. We have also carefully considered the position and principles of the different candidates for the Presidency. We regard J.K. Polk as the candidate of Southern Democracy, (so called,) nominated as the pledged candidate of annexation. We have read his letters, and the resolutions passed by his friends in their public meetings, and are constrained to believe, with the editor of the New-York Evening Post, that the annexation of Texas means nothing more than the extension and perpetuation of slavery, at the risk of war. But on the contrary, we find Henry Clay and his supporters fully committed against the nefarious project— he and they being pledged to go against annexation. Our doubts, that have heretofore existed, are fully removed by his last letter to the editors of the National Intelligencer. The condition alone on which he would annex Texas can never occur, till these States shall forfeit all regard to national morality and honor. We, therefore, shall reserve our rights to give our votes to such candidates as we believe will keep out the annexation of Texas. Sir,— The undersigned, citizens of Haverhill, Mass., have been active members of the Liberty party, and our efforts in the cause of Abolition have been well known in this vicinity. In advocating the election of James G. Birney, we supposed that we were acting in accordance with moral duty, and promoting the well-being of the slave and his master. But his recent acceptance of the nomination from the miscalled Democratic party, to a seat in the Michigan Legislature, and his expression that there was more danger of the annexation of Texas by the election of Henry Clay than of James K. Polk, lead us to doubt his impartiality between the two great parties. Therefore we cannot any longer give him our support. Therefore we cannot any longer give him our support. We have also carefully considered the position and principles of the different candidates for the Presidency. We regard J.K. Polk as the candidate of Southern Democracy, (so called,) nominated as the pledged candidate of annexation. We have read his letters, and the resolutions passed by his friends in their public meetings, and are constrained to believe, with the editor of the New-York Evening Post, that the annexation of Texas means nothing more than the extension and perpetuation of slavery, at the risk of war. But on the contrary, we find Henry Clay and his supporters fully committed against the nefarious project— he and they being pledged to go against annexation. Our doubts, that have heretofore existed, are fully removed by his last letter to the editors of the National Intelligencer. The condition alone on which he would annex Texas can never occur, till these States shall forfeit all regard to national morality and honor. We, therefore, shall reserve our rights to give our votes to such candidates as we believe will keep out the annexation of Texas. We have, therefore, concluded to make known these our views to our Liberty party friends, through your paper, and to say to them that we shall continue to use all our efforts that we believe will tend to the abolition of slavery, and hope the time will soon come when all in this country will enjoy all the rights of freemen, and thus a triumph of our principles be secured. We have, therefore, concluded to make known these our views to our Liberty party friends, through your paper, and to say to them that we shall continue to use all our efforts that we believe will tend to the abolition of slavery, and hope the time will soon come when all in this country will enjoy all the rights of freemen, and thus a triumph of our principles be secured. Table  Table  P.S. There are many others of the Liberty party, who have not had an opportunity of seeing this, who will withdraw their votes from J.G. Birney. P.S. There are many others of the Liberty party, who have not had an opportunity of seeing this, who will withdraw their votes from J.G. Birney. We deem it a good act to withdraw from the Liberty party, but a very bad act to vote for Henry Clay or James K. Polk. 'No Union with Slaveholders!'— ED. LIB. We deem it a good act to withdraw from the Liberty party, but a very bad act to vote for Henry Clay or James K. Polk. 'No Union with Slaveholders!'— ED. LIB. 

 Next Sunday afternoon, in the Hollis-street church, WENDELL PHILLIPS will make an appeal to the people of Boston, in behalf of Capt. Jonathan Walker, of Harwich, in this State, now confined in Pensacola prison, for an attempt 'to set at liberty those that are bruised.' Next Sunday afternoon, in the Hollis-street church, WENDELL PHILLIPS will make an appeal to the people of Boston, in behalf of Capt. Jonathan Walker, of Harwich, in this State, now confined in Pensacola prison, for an attempt 'to set at liberty those that are bruised.' A collection will be taken up after the address, for the defence of Capt. Walker, and the support of his destitute family, during his imprisonment. A collection will be taken up after the address, for the defence of Capt. Walker, and the support of his destitute family, during his imprisonment. 'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' All are invited. 'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' All are invited. 

 His 'bringing up.' The Western Citizen, (Chicago, Ill.,) publishes a letter from Rev. Ichabod Codding, of Warrensville, under the date of Oct. 1, which contains the following anecdote of Mr. Polk: His 'bringing up.' The Western Citizen, (Chicago, Ill.,) publishes a letter from Rev. Ichabod Codding, of Warrensville, under the date of Oct. 1, which contains the following anecdote of Mr. Polk: 'I learned a fact last evening touching James K. Polk, from one of his old neighbors. Some years ago, James set out with some slaves which were somewhat unmanageable, for the far South. They all belonged to his father. Maj. Polk, except one, his own body servant. Among the number was a woman of great energy of character, who poisoned three slaves and herself, considering it better to die than to go South; they all died but herself, she having taken so much poison as to vomit her. Among those killed was the body servant of James K., who declared that he had rather have lost $1,000 than this slave. He sold the woman for a sound piece of property, though her constitution had been shattered in consequence of the poison. The individual who bought her prosecuted Maj. Polk, and they had a long lawsuit about it, and the Major was finally obliged to take the woman back; so your readers can see that James K. had a beautiful Democratic training.' 'I learned a fact last evening touching James K. Polk, from one of his old neighbors. Some years ago, James set out with some slaves which were somewhat unmanageable, for the far South. They all belonged to his father. Maj. Polk, except one, his own body servant. Among the number was a woman of great energy of character, who poisoned three slaves and herself, considering it better to die than to go South; they all died but herself, she having taken so much poison as to vomit her. Among those killed was the body servant of James K., who declared that he had rather have lost $1,000 than this slave. He sold the woman for a sound piece of property, though her constitution had been shattered in consequence of the poison. The individual who bought her prosecuted Maj. Polk, and they had a long lawsuit about it, and the Major was finally obliged to take the woman back; so your readers can see that James K. had a beautiful Democratic training.' 

 EXPLOSION OF THE LUCY WALKER.— 60 to 80 Killed and Wounded!— The steamboat Lucy Walker, Capt. Vann, left this place for New-Orleans yesterday, crowded with passengers. When about four or five miles from New-Albany, and just before sunset, some part of her machinery got out of order, and the engine was stopped in order to repair it. While engaged in making the necessary repairs, the water in the boilers got too low; and about five minutes after the engine had ceased working, her three boilers exploded with tremendous violence, and horrible and terriffic effect. The explosion was upwards, and that part of the boat above the boilers was blown into a thousand pieces. The U.S. snag-boat Gopher, Capt. L.B. Dunham, was about two hundred yards distant at the time of the explosion. Capt. Dunham was immediately on the spot, rescuing those in the water, and with his crew rendering all the aid in his power. The Lucy Walker was in the middle of the river, and such was the force of the explosion, that parts of the boiler and boat were thrown on shore. Just after the explosion, the air was filled with human beings and fragments of human beings. One man was blown up fifty yards, and fell with such force as to go entirely through the deck of the boat. Another was cut entirely in two by a piece of the boiler. EXPLOSION OF THE LUCY WALKER.— 60 to to 80 Killed and Wounded! Killed and Wounded! — The steamboat Lucy Walker, Capt. Vann, left this place for New-Orleans yesterday, crowded with passengers. When about four or five miles from New-Albany, and just before sunset, some part of her machinery got out of order, and the engine was stopped in order to repair it. While engaged in making the necessary repairs, the water in the boilers got too low; and about five minutes after the engine had ceased working, her three boilers exploded with tremendous violence, and horrible and terriffic effect. The explosion was upwards, and that part of the boat above the boilers was blown into a thousand pieces. The U.S. snag-boat Gopher, Capt. L.B. Dunham, was about two hundred yards distant at the time of the explosion. Capt. Dunham was immediately on the spot, rescuing those in the water, and with his crew rendering all the aid in his power. The Lucy Walker was in the middle of the river, and such was the force of the explosion, that parts of the boiler and boat were thrown on shore. Just after the explosion, the air was filled with human beings and fragments of human beings. One man was blown up fifty yards, and fell with such force as to go entirely through the deck of the boat. Another was cut entirely in two by a piece of the boiler. Before Capt. Dunham reached the place where the Lucy Walker was, he saw a number of persons, who had been thrown into the river, drown. He, however, saved the lives of a large number of persons, by throwing them boards and ropes, and pulling them on his boat with hooks. Immediately after the explosion, the ladies' cabin took fire, and before it had been consumed, she sunk in twelve or fifteen feet water. The screams and exclamations of the females, and those who were not killed, is represented as having been distressing and awful. We believe none of the females on board were injured; some, however, may have been drowned. The books of the boat were destroyed, and of course it will be impossible ever to ascertain the names or the number of those killed. There were at least fifty or sixty persons killed and missing, and fifteen or twenty wounded, some seriously. Capt. Dunham left the wounded at New-Albany, all of whom were kindly and well cared for by the hospitable and humane citizens of that town. Before Capt. Dunham reached the place where the Lucy Walker was, he saw a number of persons, who had been thrown into the river, drown. He, however, saved the lives of a large number of persons, by throwing them boards and ropes, and pulling them on his boat with hooks. Immediately after the explosion, the ladies' cabin took fire, and before it had been consumed, she sunk in twelve or fifteen feet water. The screams and exclamations of the females, and those who were not killed, is represented as having been distressing and awful. We believe none of the females on board were injured; some, however, may have been drowned. The books of the boat were destroyed, and of course it will be impossible ever to ascertain the names or the number of those killed. There were at least fifty or sixty persons killed and missing, and fifteen or twenty wounded, some seriously. Capt. Dunham left the wounded at New-Albany, all of whom were kindly and well cared for by the hospitable and humane citizens of that town. Mr. John Hixon and Mr. Henry Bebee, passengers on the Lucy Walker, deserve notice for their coolness and their efficient exertions in saving the lives of drowning persons. The following are the names of the dead, missing and wounded, so far as we have been able to learn them: Mr. John Hixon and Mr. Henry Bebee, passengers on the Lucy Walker, deserve notice for their coolness and their efficient exertions in saving the lives of drowning persons. The following are the names of the dead, missing and wounded, so far as we have been able to learn them: Gen. J.W. Pegram, of Richmond, Va. Gen. J.W. Pegram, of Richmond, Va. Samuel M. Brown, Post Office Agent; of Lexington, Ky. Samuel M. Brown, Post Office Agent; of Lexington, Ky. J.R. Cormick, of Va. J.R. Cormick, of Va. Charles Donne, of Louisville. Charles Donne, of Louisville. Philip Wallis, formerly of Baltimore. Philip Wallis, formerly of Baltimore. Rebecca, daughter of A.J. Foster, of Greensville, Va. Rebecca, daughter of A.J. Foster, of Greensville, Va. James Vanderberg, of Louisville. James Vanderberg, of Louisville. Mr. Hughes, formerly of Lexington, Ky. Mr. Hughes, formerly of Lexington, Ky. Mr. Matlock, of New Albany, engineer of the steamboat Mazeppa. Mr. Matlock, of New Albany, engineer of the steamboat Mazeppa. Nicholas Ford, formerly of this city. Nicholas Ford, formerly of this city. David Vann, the Captain. David Vann, the Captain. Moses Kirby, pilot. Moses Kirby, pilot. Second mate, second clerk, second engineer, barkeeper, and three deck hands, four negro firemen, names unknown. Second mate, second clerk, second engineer, barkeeper, and three deck hands, four negro firemen, names unknown. W.H. Peebles, very badly hurt. W.H. Peebles, very badly hurt. Mr. Rames, of Va. do. Mr. Rames, of Va. do. First Engineer. do. First Engineer. do. Capt. Thompson, pilot, arms fractured. Capt. Thompson, pilot, arms fractured. Mr. Roberts of Phila. slightly hurt. Mr. Roberts of Phila. slightly hurt. It is supposed that John N. Johnson and Richard Phillips were on board— if so, they are lost. It is supposed that John N. Johnson and Richard Phillips were on board— if so, they are lost. The boat was owned by Capt. Vann, of Arkansas, and was insured. The boat was owned by Capt. Vann, of Arkansas, and was insured. 

 POLK ADVICE TO BIRNEYITES. The Wayne County (Pa.) Herald says: 'If the Abolitionists wish to cultivate and sustain a truly Christian and liberal policy towards the African race within our borders, let them support the nominations of the Democratic party— James K. Polk and George M. Dallas. Mr. Birney is a Democrat and a worthy man, but he can never be elected President. Let the votes intended to be cast for him be cast for Polk and Dallas, and the anti-slavery men will at least have the consolation of reflecting that they have not aided by their votes, either directly or indirectly, in elevating Henry Clay, their greatest and worst enemy, to power!' POLK ADVICE TO BIRNEYITES. The Wayne County (Pa.) Herald says: 'If the Abolitionists wish to cultivate and sustain a truly Christian and liberal policy towards the African race within our borders, let them support the nominations of the Democratic party let them support the nominations of the Democratic party — James K. Polk and George M. Dallas. Mr. Birney is a Democrat and a worthy man, but he can never be elected President. Let the votes intended to be cast for him be cast for Polk and Dallas, and the anti-slavery men will at least have the consolation of reflecting that they have not aided by their votes, either directly or indirectly, in elevating Henry Clay, their greatest and worst enemy, to power!' 

 A fire broke out in the Theatre about one o'clock this morning, and soon destroyed the whole of the inside of the Theatre, leaving nothing standing but the bare walls. A fire broke out in the Theatre about one o'clock this morning, and soon destroyed the whole of the inside of the Theatre, leaving nothing standing but the bare walls. The splendid, magnificent Panorama of the Heavens, the most beautiful and impressive thing of the kind which has even been exhibited to the scientific world, is destroyed, and cannot be replaced. We regret the loss of this map of the heavens, more than any thing else. The Planetarium can be more easily replaced, but this is not likely to be done. Mr. Russell is seventy-five years old, and will probably never be able to re-construct it. The splendid, magnificent Panorama of the Heavens, the most beautiful and impressive thing of the kind which has even been exhibited to the scientific world, is destroyed, and cannot be replaced. We regret the loss of this map of the heavens, more than any thing else. The Planetarium can be more easily replaced, but this is not likely to be done. Mr. Russell is seventy-five years old, and will probably never be able to re-construct it. The Gas Microscope is lost, and a large number of Telescopic Views and Maps of the Moon, the Planets and the Stars. The loss to science is irreparable. And the total loss to Dr. Lardner is 25,000 dollars. The Planetarium was insured in Hartford for 8000 dollars, but it is doubtful whether it can be recovered, as the instrument was in a theatre. The Gas Microscope is lost, and a large number of Telescopic Views and Maps of the Moon, the Planets and the Stars. The loss to science is irreparable. And the total loss to Dr. Lardner is 25,000 dollars. The Planetarium was insured in Hartford for 8000 dollars, but it is doubtful whether it can be recovered, as the instrument was in a theatre. A brick house next to the theatre was somewhat injured. It was owned by Mrs. L. Peck, and occupied by Mr. Child. A brick house next to the theatre was somewhat injured. It was owned by Mrs. L. Peck, and occupied by Mr. Child. Mr. Dean's carpenter's shop with all his tools, was destroyed. Loss, $1000. Several other buildings were slightly injured. The ball of the Baptist church steeple caught fire, although at the height of 130 feet. The company of engine No. 7, directed a stream high enough to reach and extinguish the fire. An honorable feat. It is not known how the fire originated. Dr. Lardner's man had finished the packing of the apparatus, and left the theatre about an hour before.— Providence Relater. Mr. Dean's carpenter's shop with all his tools, was destroyed. Loss, $1000. Several other buildings were slightly injured. The ball of the Baptist church steeple caught fire, although at the height of 130 feet. The company of engine No. 7, directed a stream high enough to reach and extinguish the fire. An honorable feat. It is not known how the fire originated. Dr. Lardner's man had finished the packing of the apparatus, and left the theatre about an hour before.— Providence Relater Providence Relater . 

 Here is another 'straw,' from the Polk and Dallas Times, worthy of notice: Here is another 'straw,' from the Polk and Dallas Times, worthy of notice: HENRY B. STANTON, Esq., of Chelsea, has been nominated by the Liberty party, in No. 2, as their candidate for Congress. HENRY B. STANTON, Esq., of Chelsea, has been nominated by the Liberty party, in No. 2, as their candidate for Congress. We learn that while the Convention was in session, an attempt was made by George Wheatland, a whig candidate for the Senate in Essex county, and Quaker Hussey, of Lynn, to procure the nomination of Daniel P. King, as the abolition candidate! This unprincipled movement was promptly rebuked by the Convention, who, probably, are not desirous of being 'sold like cattle in the market,' to the whig Junto of Salem.— Boston Times. We learn that while the Convention was in session, an attempt was made by George Wheatland, a whig candidate for the Senate in Essex county, and Quaker Hussey, of Lynn, to procure the nomination of Daniel P. King, as the abolition candidate! This unprincipled movement was promptly rebuked by the Convention, who, probably, are not desirous of being 'sold like cattle in the market,' to the whig Junto of Salem.— Boston Times. Boston Times. 

 TERRIBLE GALE AT BUFFALO— LOSS OF LIFE.— On Friday night, last week, one of the most tremendous and destructive gales that have ever visited life country, occurred at Buffalo, N.Y. The Buffalo Advertiser says the damage to property occasioned by it is immense, and the loss of life truly awful. 5 steamers were driven ashore during the gale, and one was thrown upon her side near the water's edge. Upwards of seventy canal-boats are drifted ashore, a number of which are half a mile and over from the canal. In the city, the destruction of store-houses and property upon the wharves is immense. But the most appalling part of the disasters is the loss of life. The number of persons drowned or missing, (men, women and children,) is over fifty. The Coroner had held inquests upon 38 bodies. TERRIBLE GALE AT BUFFALO— LOSS OF LIFE.— On Friday night, last week, one of the most tremendous and destructive gales that have ever visited life country, occurred at Buffalo, N.Y. The Buffalo Advertiser says the damage to property occasioned by it is immense, and the loss of life truly awful. 5 steamers were driven ashore during the gale, and one was thrown upon her side near the water's edge. Upwards of seventy canal-boats are drifted ashore, a number of which are half a mile and over from the canal. In the city, the destruction of store-houses and property upon the wharves is immense. But the most appalling part of the disasters is the loss of life. The number of persons drowned or missing, (men, women and children,) is over fifty fifty . The Coroner had held inquests upon 38 bodies. A little boat or shallop of about 15 tons burthen, left here Friday evening for Canada, loaded with potatoes, and thirteen persons on board. The gale struck the boat near Point Abino, drove it ashore, and every person on board was drowned, except the master. A little boat or shallop of about 15 tons burthen, left here Friday evening for Canada, loaded with potatoes, and thirteen persons on board. The gale struck the boat near Point Abino, drove it ashore, and every person on board was drowned, except the master. The Dead.— The number of lives supposed to have been lost from vessels and steamers, during the gale, as near as we can learn, is as follows: The Dead The Dead .— The number of lives supposed to have been lost from vessels and steamers, during the gale, as near as we can learn, is as follows: Table  Table  — Buffalo Gazette. — Buffalo Gazette Buffalo Gazette . 

 MR. TURNEY, one of the Polk candidates for Elector in Tennessee, in a speech before the people, declared as follows— hear him! MR. TURNEY, one of the Polk candidates for Elector in Tennessee, in a speech before the people, declared as follows— hear him! 'If ever any civil commotion should grow out of the agitation of this question, he for one would be found fighting for Texas, and against the Union! He also stated that if he was now a member of Congress, he would vote for a bill to appropriate money out of our public treasury, sufficient to pay all the debts of the Texan Government, whether Texas were annexed to the United States or not.'— Nashville pap. 'If ever any civil commotion should grow out of the agitation of this question, he for one would be found fighting for Texas, and against the Union for Texas, and against the Union ! He also stated that if he was now a member of Congress, he would vote for a bill to appropriate money out of our public treasury, sufficient to pay all the debts of the Texan Government, whether Texas were annexed to the United States or not.'— Nashville pap. whether Texas were annexed to the United States or not.'— Nashville pap. 

 Violent Gale— Destruction of Property.— During the evening, the wind was blowing pretty fresh from the South, and about 12 o'clock it suddenly shifted to the South-west, and an unparalleled gale followed, carrying every thing before it. We have only time to say that both storehouses were carried away, that of G.A. French & Son being full of merchandize and produce. Not a vistage is left, except the foundations on which they stood. The wharves are also destroyed— though perhaps not irreparably. Violent Gale Violent Gale — Destruction of Property Destruction of Property .— During the evening, the wind was blowing pretty fresh from the South, and about 12 o'clock it suddenly shifted to the South-west, and an unparalleled gale followed, carrying every thing before it. We have only time to say that both storehouses were carried away, that of G.A. French & Son being full of merchandize and produce. Not a vistage is left, except the foundations on which they stood. The wharves are also destroyed— though perhaps not irreparably. The beach and the high bank for a mile are covered with the mass of timbers, in a confused pile, mingled with the remnants of goods— there can be seen this morning thousands of yards of cloth, such as broad-cloth, calico, sheeting, silks, &c., all entangled so as to render it almost impossible to detach a single article. The beach and the high bank for a mile are covered with the mass of timbers, in a confused pile, mingled with the remnants of goods— there can be seen this morning thousands of yards of cloth, such as broad-cloth, calico, sheeting, silks, &c., all entangled so as to render it almost impossible to detach a single article. Several buildings are moved into the street by the violence of the waves. One occupied by Mr. Germond as a shoe shop, was carried into the middle of the street and set down so easily as not to upset a bottle of ink. Several buildings are moved into the street by the violence of the waves. One occupied by Mr. Germond as a shoe shop, was carried into the middle of the street and set down so easily as not to upset a bottle of ink. The schooner Atlantic, from the Lower Lake, was unloading salt yesterday P.M.— now a few pieces of her can be seen below the point. The schooner Atlantic, from the Lower Lake, was unloading salt yesterday P.M.— now a few pieces of her can be seen below the point. The sloop Traveller, from C.W., is quietly stowed away by the side of Barckley's shoe shop. The sloop Traveller, from C.W., is quietly stowed away by the side of Barckley's shoe shop. 

 The Norfolk Herald of Wednesday, has a letter from a friend in Charlotte, Va., of the 9th instant, which the editors introduce to their readers as 'very interesting;' it relates to the condition of the planters in consequence of three successive 'bad years.' The letter says: The Norfolk Herald of Wednesday, has a letter from a friend in Charlotte, Va., of the 9th instant, which the editors introduce to their readers as 'very interesting;' it relates to the condition of the planters in consequence of three successive 'bad years.' The letter says: The sale of negroes continues at every Court day, and it is to be feared will continue for some time to come. As many as seventy were sold at the last Charlotte Court, and I learn that a large number will be sold at Buckingham Court on Monday next. The public roads give evidence of numerous sales, and large gangs are wending their way to the South. I met a gang of seventy slaves on Thursday last, another of thirty, the day after, and on Sunday, a third of twenty or thirty. A hundred in a single gang passed charlotte Court-house two or three weeks since, bound to the South. I speak of what has passed under my own observation. If Texas were annexed, or its independence guaranteed by us, or the great powers of Europe, I have every reason to believe that the stream of emigration would flow in that direction as full as Gen. W. Thompson, in his first letter to the National Intelligencer, predicted would be the case. Another series of three successive bad years would deprive Virginia of one third, perhaps one half of her slaves. It would be well worth knowing how many slaves have left the State during the last two years. The number would almost exceed belief. The sale of negroes continues at every Court day, and it is to be feared will continue for some time to come. As many as seventy were sold at the last Charlotte Court, and I learn that a large number will be sold at Buckingham Court on Monday next. The public roads give evidence of numerous sales, and large gangs are wending their way to the South. I met a gang of seventy slaves on Thursday last, another of thirty, the day after, and on Sunday, a third of twenty or thirty. A hundred in a single gang passed charlotte Court-house two or three weeks since, bound to the South. I speak of what has passed under my own observation. If Texas were annexed, or its independence guaranteed by us, or the great powers of Europe, I have every reason to believe that the stream of emigration would flow in that direction as full as Gen. W. Thompson, in his first letter to the National Intelligencer, predicted would be the case. Another series of three successive bad years would deprive Virginia of one third, perhaps one half of her slaves. It would be well worth knowing how many slaves have left the State during the last two years. The number would almost exceed belief. 

 ADELPHIC UNION LIBRARY ASSOCIATION. The name of Thomas Cole was accidentally omitted in the Board of Directors, as published in a late number of the Liberator. ADELPHIC UNION LIBRARY ASSOCIATION. The name of Thomas Cole was accidentally omitted in the Board of Directors, as published in a late number of the Liberator. 

 Gerrit Smith, in his late letter, contends that the 2nd Sect. of Art. 4th of the U.S. Constitution, (No person held to service or labor, &c.) does not relate to slaves. Gerrit Smith, in his late letter, contends that the 2nd Sect. of Art. 4th of the U.S. Constitution, ( No person held to service or labor, &c. No person held to service or labor, &c. ) does not relate to slaves. The first part of his proof is a verbal quibble of no consequence. The second is as follows. After quoting what the Madison Papers say of the meaning of this word 'service' in another clause, viz. Art. 1. Sect. 2, where, 'on motion of Mr. Randolph, the word 'servitude' was struck out, and 'service' unanimously inserted, the former being thought to express the condition of slaves, and the latter the obligations of free persons,' he goes on to ask— The first part of his proof is a verbal quibble of no consequence. The second is as follows. After quoting what the Madison Papers say of the meaning of this word 'service' in another clause, viz. Art. 1. Sect. 2, where, 'on motion of Mr. Randolph, the word 'servitude' was struck out, and 'service' unanimously inserted, the former being thought to express the condition of slaves, and the latter the obligations of free persons,' he goes on to ask— 'Who can read the 'Madison Papers,' and in other ways also acquaint himself with the mind of the Convention which framed the Constitution, and yet believe that the Constitution would have suffered it?— Who can believe that this Convention, which would not suffer the word 'slave,' or the word 'slavery,' or even the word 'servitude,' to have a place in the Constitution; which agreed with its Mr. Gerry that it 'ought to be careful not to give any sanction to slavery;' (This quotation from Mr. Gerry is not literal. It slightly varies his meaning) and which, to use the very words of its leading member Mr. Madison, on the floor of the Convention, 'thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution the idea that there could be property in man'— who, I say, can believe that this Convention would have consented to let the Constitution declare in plain, unequivocal terms, the right of the slave-holder to chase down, and to chase down unhindered, the poor innocent fugitive from slavery? More difficult, however, it would be for any one who has informed himself of the strong anti-slavery sentiment which then existed in almost every part of our country, to believe that the Constitution would have been adopted, had it so spoken.' 'Who can read the 'Madison Papers,' and in other ways also acquaint himself with the mind of the Convention which framed the Constitution, and yet believe that the Constitution would have suffered it?— Who can believe that this Convention, which would not suffer the word 'slave,' or the word 'slavery,' or even the word 'servitude,' to have a place in the Constitution; which agreed with its Mr. Gerry that it 'ought to be careful not to give any sanction to slavery;' ( This quotation from Mr. Gerry is not literal. It slightly varies his meaning This quotation from Mr. Gerry is not literal. It slightly varies his meaning ) and which, to use the very words of its leading member Mr. Madison, on the floor of the Convention, 'thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution the idea that there could be property in man'— who, I say, can believe that this Convention would have consented to let the Constitution declare in plain, unequivocal terms, the right of the slave-holder to chase down, and to chase down unhindered, the poor innocent fugitive from slavery? More difficult, however, it would be for any one who has informed himself of the strong anti-slavery sentiment which then existed in almost every part of our country, to believe that the Constitution would have been adopted, had it so spoken.' Now, where does Mr. Smith get all these facts? all this evidence on which to build his argument? Why, of course, from the Madison Papers. Now, where does Mr. Smith get all these facts? all this evidence on which to build his argument? Why, of course, from the Madison Papers. Well, if we may take the testimony of these Madison Papers, as to what our fathers meant to do, may we not also take their testimony as to what they did? Well, if we may take the testimony of these Madison Papers, as to what our fathers meant meant to do, may we not also take their testimony as to what they did did ? Now what do they say our fathers meant to do and did, in the very clause we are discussing? Why, on the 1589th page, (which Mr. Smith probably forgot to quote,) they say, that from this very Now what do they say our fathers meant to do and did, in the very clause we are discussing? Why, on the 1589th page, (which Mr. Smith probably forgot to quote,) they say, that from this very 'Article 4, Sect. 2, the third paragraph, the term 'legally' was stuck out; and the words, 'under the laws thereof,' inserted after the word 'State,' in compliance with the wish of some who thought the term legal equivocal, and favoring the idea that slavery was legal in a moral view.' 'Article 4, Sect. 2, the third paragraph, the term 'legally' was stuck out; and the words, 'under the laws thereof,' inserted after the word 'State,' in compliance with the wish of some who thought the term legal legal equivocal, and favoring the idea that slavery was legal in a moral view.' Now, if the clause does not at all relate to slaves, how stupid our fathers were to suppose that its phraseology could 'favor the idea that slavery was either legal' or illegal, when it had nothing to do with slavery! Mr. Smith, arguing from Madison's own pages, indignantly infers that our fathers never could have done— the very thing which those very pages go on to tell us they did! Mr. Smith contends that the clause is ambiguous, because the Madison Papers allow that the word 'service' expresses 'the obligation of free persons;'— but let it be remembered that as to this point, no one of the Convention seems to have thought it ambiguous, and certainly Mr. Madison may be allowed to explain the ambiguity which Mr. Smith has tortured him into raising!— And this he does on the 1589th page. Now, if the clause does not at all relate to slaves, how stupid our fathers were to suppose that its phraseology could 'favor the idea that slavery slavery was either legal' or illegal, when it had nothing to do with slavery! Mr. Smith, arguing from Madison's own pages, indignantly infers infers that our fathers never could have done— the very thing which those very pages go on to tell us they did! did! Mr. Smith contends that the clause is ambiguous, because the Madison Papers allow that the word 'service' expresses 'the obligation of free persons;'— but let it be remembered that as to this point, no one of the Convention seems to have thought it ambiguous, and certainly Mr. Madison may be allowed to explain the ambiguity which Mr. Smith has tortured him into raising!— And this he does on the 1589th page. Doubtless there were men, as Mr. Smith says, in that Convention, who did not wish to implicate themselves in the guilt of slavery. But it is a remarkable fact that this clause, which no one denies was there understood to refer to fugitive slaves, passed without any debate. Very few words appear to have been said on it. Mr. Sherman does not object to their being returned, but only to troubling the State to do it! And those who objected to the word 'legally,' do not seem to have imagined that the fact of returning fugitives would 'favor the idea that slavery was legal in a moral view,' but wanted to be very careful lest the mode in which that obligation was expressed, would lead to such an inference! They cared nothing for the act, but every thing for the words! The truth probably is, that our fathers, wholly occupied as that age was with the guilt of the slave trade, had thought so little on slavery itself, as not to notice the connection in guilt between the man who returned a slave, and the man who continued to hold him. Slaveholding was not then acknowledged as a sin, requiring immediate abandonment. The same insensibility pervaded the country down to our days. Those who wonder at our fathers allowing such a clause in the Constitution, are bound to explain the remarkable fact, that though this clause, immediately after the ratification of the Constitution, began to be put in practice, and under it slaves were openly carried back, still no public attention, much less indignation, was excited! I have yet to learn that the slightest protest was over made against it before 1830, when modern abolitionism arose, either by the pulpit or the politician, even when denouncing slavery itself as existing among us. I put it to Mr. Smith, whether a community which submitted, great and small, religious and profane, to the practical carrying out of such a provision, as if it related to slaves— saw slaves dragged back before their eyes,— for forty years, without a murmur, could have been so very pure that no amount of historical evidence entitles us to believe they ever did or would have assented knowingly to this provision? Practice speaks louder than profession. Our fathers did mean to return fugitive slaves, beyond a question— perhaps they did not think that, in so doing, they implicated themselves in the guilt of slavery; but, more likely, they never took the trouble to think any thing about it.— This supposition is the only one which will reconcile their avowed principles with their actions, and leave us at liberty to think them honest in their professions. Whether this be so or not, we, to whom time has shown its guilt, are bound to trample their mistaken or wicked pledge in the dust. Doubtless there were men, as Mr. Smith says, in that Convention, who did not wish to implicate themselves in the guilt of slavery. But it is a remarkable fact that this clause, which no one denies was there there understood to refer to fugitive slaves, passed without any debate. without any debate. Very few words appear to have been said on it. Mr. Sherman does not object to their being returned, but only to troubling the State to do it! And those who objected to the word 'legally,' do not seem to have imagined that the fact of returning fugitives would 'favor the idea that slavery was legal in a moral view,' but wanted to be very careful lest the mode in which that obligation was expressed expressed , would lead to such an inference! They cared nothing for the act, but every thing for the words! The truth probably is, that our fathers, wholly occupied as that age was with the guilt of the slave trade trade , had thought so little on slavery itself, as not to notice the connection in guilt between the man who returned a slave, and the man who continued to hold him. Slaveholding was not then acknowledged as a sin, requiring immediate abandonment. The same insensibility pervaded the country down to our days. Those who wonder at our fathers allowing such a clause in the Constitution, are bound to explain the remarkable fact, that though this clause, immediately after the ratification of the Constitution, began to be put in practice in practice , and under it slaves were openly carried back, still no public attention, much less indignation, was excited! I have yet to learn that the slightest protest was over made against it before 1830, when modern abolitionism arose, either by the pulpit or the politician, even when denouncing slavery itself as existing among us. I put it to Mr. Smith, whether a community which submitted, great and small, religious and profane, to the practical carrying out of such a provision, as if it related to slaves— saw slaves dragged back before their eyes,— for forty years, without a murmur, could have been so very pure that no amount of historical evidence entitles us to believe they ever did or would have assented knowingly to this provision? Practice speaks louder than profession. Our fathers did mean to return fugitive slaves, beyond a question— perhaps perhaps they did not think that, in so doing, they implicated themselves in the guilt of slavery; but, more likely, they never took the trouble to think any thing about it.— This supposition is the only one which will reconcile their avowed principles with their actions, and leave us at liberty to think them honest in their professions. Whether this be so or not, we, to whom time has shown its guilt, are bound to trample their mistaken or wicked pledge in the dust. Mr. Francis Jackson seems to me to have put the matter so clearly, that I cannot do better than quote his words— Mr. Francis Jackson seems to me to have put the matter so clearly, that I cannot do better than quote his words— 'Mr. Madison informs us that the clause in question, as it came out of the hands of Dr. Johnson, the chairman of the 'Committee on style,' read thus: 'No person legally held to service or labor, in one State, escaping into another, shall,' &c.; and that the term 'legally' was struck out, and the words 'under the laws thereof inserted after the word 'State,' in compliance with the wish of some, who thought the term legal, equivocal, and favoring the idea that Slavery was legal 'in a moral view!' A conclusive proof that, although future generations might apply that clause of the Constitution to other kinds of 'service or labor,' when Slavery should have died out, or been killed off by the young spirit of Liberty which was then awake, and at work in the land; still, Slavery was what they were wrapping up in 'equivocal' words; and wrapping it up for protection and safe-keeping; a conclusive proof that the framers of the Constitution were more careful to protect themselves in the judgment of coming generations, from the charge of ignorance, than of sin; a conclusive proof that they knew that Slavery was not 'legal in a moral view,' that it was a violation of the moral law of God, and yet knowing and confessing its immorality, they dared to make this stipulation for its support and defence.' 'Mr. Madison informs us that the clause in question, as it came out of the hands of Dr. Johnson, the chairman of the 'Committee on style,' read thus: 'No person legally held to service or labor, in one State, escaping into another, shall,' &c.; and that the term 'legally' was struck out, and the words 'under the laws thereof inserted after the word 'State,' in compliance with the wish of some, who thought the term legal legal , equivocal, and favoring the idea that Slavery was legal ' in a moral view in a moral view !' A conclusive proof that, although future generations might apply that clause of the Constitution to other kinds of 'service or labor,' when Slavery should have died out, or been killed off by the young spirit of Liberty which was then then awake, and at work in the land; still, Slavery was what they were wrapping up in 'equivocal' words; and wrapping it up for protection and safe-keeping; a conclusive proof that the framers of the Constitution were more careful to protect themselves in the judgment of coming generations, from the charge of ignorance, than of sin; a conclusive proof that they knew that Slavery was not not 'legal in a moral view,' that it was a violation of the moral law of God, and yet knowing and confessing its immorality, they dared to make this stipulation for its support and defence.' W.P. W.P. 

 DIED— In Salem, suddenly, Oct. 23d, Mr. William Williams, aged 80 years. He was much beloved by all who knew him. To the fugitive from oppression, his doors were especially open, and his house a free asylum. As to his religious principles, he was always ready to give the right hand of fellowship to all who felt an interest in the Saviour, and shewed their love to God by their acts of kindness to man. His funeral took place on Friday fast, which was attended by a great number of friends.— Communicated. DIED— In Salem, suddenly, Oct. 23d, Mr. William Williams, aged 80 years. He was much beloved by all who knew him. To the fugitive from oppression, his doors were especially open, and his house a free asylum. As to his religious principles, he was always ready to give the right hand of fellowship to all who felt an interest in the Saviour, and shewed their love to God by their acts of kindness to man. His funeral took place on Friday fast, which was attended by a great number of friends.— Communicated Communicated . 

 In making our extracts from the Madison Papers, we accidentally omitted the two passages which follow, together with some few others of less consequence. The omission is not important, since the whole mass, together with the extracts from the Debates in the State Conventions, the Address of the American Anti-Slavery Society, and Francis Jackson's letter, are immediately 'to be issued in a pamphlet form, and will be for sale at our Depositories in New-York and here. But we prefer to print these two for our readers, as bearing so intimately on the question: In making our extracts from the Madison Papers, we accidentally omitted the two passages which follow, together with some few others of less consequence. The omission is not important, since the whole mass, together with the extracts from the Debates in the State Conventions, the Address of the American Anti-Slavery Society, and Francis Jackson's letter, are immediately 'to be issued in a pamphlet form, and will be for sale at our Depositories in New-York and here. But we prefer to print these two for our readers, as bearing so intimately on the question: 'Art. 1. Sect. 2. On motion of Mr. Randolph, the word 'servitude' was struck out, and 'service' unanimously inserted, the former being thought to express the condition of slaves, and his latter the obligations of free persons.' p. 1569. 'Art. 1. Sect. 2. On motion of Mr. Randolph, the word 'servitude' was struck out, and 'service' unanimously inserted, the former being thought to express the condition of slaves, and his latter the obligations of free persons.' p. 1569. 'Article 4, Sect. 2, (the third paragraph,) the term 'legally' was struck out, and the words, 'under the laws thereof,' inserted after the word 'State,' in compliance with the wish of some who thought the term legal equivocal, and favoring the idea that slavery was legal in a moral view.' p. 1589. 'Article 4, Sect. 2, (the third paragraph,) the term 'legally' was struck out, and the words, 'under the laws thereof,' inserted after the word 'State,' in compliance with the wish of some who thought the term legal legal equivocal, and favoring the idea that slavery was legal in a moral view.' p. 1589. 

 This Annual Bazaar deserves to be considered one of the institutions of the United States; and were we patriots, in the narrow sense of the word, we should beg foreigners to give our country credit accordingly. But it is to the credit of mankind at large, when any human being holds steadily to a holy purpose for eleven consecutive years, through good report and evil report; (the former often the most dangerous to holy purposes;) unwearied by toil; undismayed by opposition, uninfluenced by the flow of time, which wears away so many good intentions. We therefore feel free, seeing that the Bazaar is for the world's credit, and the world's benefit, to call upon all the world for aid as the time draws nigh. Especially to all abolitionists we would say, in the words of Paul, 'I entreat ye, true yoke-fellows, help those women which labored with me in the gospel, whose names are in the book of life.' For eleven years, neither treachery, nor selfish indulgence, nor vanity, nor forgetfulness, nor sinful self-distrust have had power over them to make them hold their names from the book of this soul-cheering existence. It is to them no self-denial now; no matter what they may once have counted it, or however the novice in the work may consider it. All other emotions seem unsatisfactory, insufficient, merely personal, This Annual Bazaar deserves to be considered one of the institutions of the United States; and were we patriots, in the narrow sense of the word, we should beg foreigners to give our country credit accordingly. But it is to the credit of mankind at large, when any human being holds steadily to a holy purpose for eleven consecutive years, through good report and evil report; (the former often the most dangerous to holy purposes;) unwearied by toil; undismayed by opposition, uninfluenced by the flow of time, which wears away so many good intentions. We therefore feel free, seeing that the Bazaar is for the world's credit, and the world's benefit, to call upon all the world for aid as the time draws nigh. Especially to all abolitionists we would say, in the words of Paul, 'I entreat ye, true yoke-fellows, help those women which labored with me in the gospel, whose names are in the book of life.' For eleven years, neither treachery, nor selfish indulgence, nor vanity, nor forgetfulness, nor sinful self-distrust have had power over them to make them hold their names from the book of this this soul-cheering existence. It is to them no self-denial now; no matter what they may once have counted it, or however the novice in the work may consider it. All other emotions seem unsatisfactory, insufficient, merely personal, 'Compared with those high feelings which inspireThe genius of the gift of Liberty.' 'Compared with those high feelings which inspire  The genius of the gift of Liberty.' What matters it to their hearts, or to the welfare of the slave, that what they do is little, if it be all they can? Is not the cup of cold water, given in the right spirit, still as significant of all that is good, and noble, and successful in life, as it was when the three friends of David hazarded their lives to draw it from the guarded well of Bethlehem, or when the Saviour bestowed his benediction upon all who offer it? What matters it to their hearts, or to the welfare of the slave, that what they do is little, if it be all they can? Is not the cup of cold water, given in the right spirit, still as significant of all that is good, and noble, and successful in life, as it was when the three friends of David hazarded their lives to draw it from the guarded well of Bethlehem, or when the Saviour bestowed his benediction upon all who offer it? Let all, then, be up and doing. There are but about three months to pass between this time, and the week of the Fair. The prospect at present is that there will be a smaller, but more attractive exhibition than on any former occasion. A little zeal and diligence will remedy this deficiency in quantity, and make the amount equal to the beauty of the contributions. We heartily thank each and all, 'jointly and severally' of the thirteen anti-slavery sewing circles in Worcester county, Massachusetts, who have announced to us their intention of coming to our help. How much their letters only have cheered and helped us, they can never know, till they too shall have la bored for a decade, in all the discouragement of loneliness, and then begin to find that others' hearts are not of stone, but are ready to respond to theirs, if they will but overcome their disinclination to make the appeal. Let all, then, be up and doing. There are but about three months to pass between this time, and the week of the Fair. The prospect at present is that there will be a smaller, but more attractive exhibition than on any former occasion. A little zeal and diligence will remedy this deficiency in quantity, and make the amount equal to the beauty of the contributions. We heartily thank each and all, 'jointly and severally' of the thirteen anti-slavery sewing circles in Worcester county, Massachusetts, who have announced to us their intention of coming to our help. How much their letters only have cheered and helped us, they can never know, till they too shall have la bored for a decade, in all the discouragement of loneliness, and then begin to find that others' hearts are not of stone, but are ready to respond to theirs, if they will but overcome their disinclination to make the appeal. An appeal like the one we have to make, who that would be thought human, will resist? It is for Freedom!— the basis of all other things;— the magnificent ground-tone in the music of human life, without which, life itself is as naught. Enjoying it ourselves, can we be so base as to find our happiness complete, while a slave calls vainly to us for deliverance!— That were to confess ourselves unworthy of the blessing. An appeal like the one we have to make, who that would be thought human, will resist? It is for Freedom!— the basis of all other things;— the magnificent ground-tone in the music of human life, without which, life itself is as naught. Enjoying it ourselves, can we be so base as to find our happiness complete, while a slave calls vainly to us for deliverance!— That were to confess ourselves unworthy of the blessing. The LIBERTY BELL, our little Anti-Slavery annual, will be published as usual, at the time of the Fair. All of whom we have promise of contributions for it, either literary or pecuniary, or who feel moved to aid it in either way, are requested to write or send immediately, to M.W. Chapman, 39 Summer-street, Boston; as only an early preparation can ensure a satisfactory completion. The LIBERTY BELL, our little Anti-Slavery annual, will be published as usual, at the time of the Fair. All of whom we have promise of contributions for it, either literary or pecuniary, or who feel moved to aid it in either way, are requested to write or send immediately, immediately, to M.W. Chapman, 39 Summer-street, Boston; as only an early preparation can ensure a satisfactory completion. Donations of money, articles, and of materials of all kinds to be used for the Fair, are asked with confidence of all who feel the slightest interest in the anti-slavery enterprise. It is not a sect, but a PRINCIPLE:— not a party, but a CAUSE. Address of the Committee, 142 Nassau-street, New-York, Office of the American Anti-Slavery Society; or 25 Cornhill, Boston, Office of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. Donations of money, articles, and of materials of all kinds to be used for the Fair, are asked with confidence of all who feel the slightest interest in the anti-slavery enterprise. It is not a sect, but a PRINCIPLE:— not a party, but a CAUSE. Address of the Committee, 142 Nassau-street, New-York, Office of the American Anti-Slavery Society; or 25 Cornhill, Boston, Office of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. 

 NEW-BEDFORD, 10th mo. 27th, 1844. NEW-BEDFORD, 10th mo. 27th, 1844. MY DEAR FRIEND: MY DEAR FRIEND: When I arrived here on the evening of the 24th. I found a meeting appointed at Liberty hall, for Douglass and Remond, to expose the machinery of Third party, its commencement, and tactics. It appeared by their speeches, that Third party had just had a convention, as they termed it, (if two swallows make a summer,)— for the day sessions were very thinly attended, numbering short of one hundred, and they mostly old school abolitionists; but the evening meetings were full. It appeared that they called Douglass and Remond to speak, but they refused on the first day; but on the last day, Frederick took the stand, (of course in opposition to them,) which roused the ire of the lion, and he roared, as I understand, as badly as though he had lost his mate. His language, I learn, was masterly for vituperation and malignity on the devoted head of poor Douglass. Poor Bradburn is out of his element; but it will take him a good while to get the confidence he has lost with the pure anti-slavery of our land. Douglass undertook to reply in the afternoon, and they adjourned, and left him standing. In the evening, the audience, perceiving how it was, called DOUGLASS, DOUGLASS,— but it was 'no go.' They would not let him speak, and the Convention broke up in confusion. Remond gave out word, on the spot, that they would hold a meeting at Liberty Hall, where Frederick would give his reply. Douglass commenced on President Birney, and his Secretary of State, Joshua Leavitt; shewed how they managed to capture our mouthpiece, the Emancipator, &c. &c. Then Remond took the floor, after an attempt was made by friend Goldsbury to defend Third party, who soon thought it best not to proceed; so he retired from the platform. Remond commenced by stating that it was religious bigotry that divided the anti-slavery ranks, and the placing of that devoted friend, Abby Kelley, on a committee of business. Nobly did he and Frederick sustain old school abolitionism, by showing that we stand on the original platform, &c. When I arrived here on the evening of the 24th th 

 A course of six Lectures will be delivered before the Salem Female A.S. Society, upon successive Sunday evenings, at Mechanic Hall. The introductory lecture will be given by the Rev. John Pierpont, of Boston, Sunday evening, Oct. 20th, at 6 1-2 o'clock. A course of six Lectures will be delivered before the Salem Female A.S. Society, upon successive Sunday evenings, at Mechanic Hall. The introductory lecture will be given by the Rev. John Pierpont, of Boston, Sunday evening, Oct. 20th, at 6 1-2 o'clock. The remainder of the course to be delivered by the following gentlemen, as follows, viz: The remainder of the course to be delivered by the following gentlemen, as follows, viz: Wm. A. White, Oct. 27th. Wm. A. White, Oct. 27th. Frederick Do[ ]lass, Nov. 3d. Frederick Do[ ]lass, Nov. 3d. Wm. L. Garrison, Nov. 10th. Wm. L. Garrison, Nov. 10th. Wendell Phillips, Nov. 17th. Wendell Phillips, Nov. 17th. Charles L. Remond, Nov. 24th. Charles L. Remond, Nov. 24th. A collection to defray the expense of the Hall, will be taken up. A collection to defray the expense of the Hall, will be taken up. All persons interested are cordially invited to at tend. All persons interested are cordially invited to at tend. ELIZA J. KENNY, Recording Secretary. Salem, Oct. 11, 1844. ELIZA J. KENNY, Recording Secretary Recording Secretary . Salem, Oct. 11, 1844. 

 FRIEND GARRISON: FRIEND GARRISON: You are aware that I have ever felt little disposition to say or do any thing in opposition to what is called the Liberty party. I have frequently deprecated, in public and in private, the continued controversy between Old Organization and Liberty party. My policy in regard to that party has been, to let it alone— if it could live, let it; if it would die, let us have as little to say or do about it as possible. My argument in support of this policy was this: The real, and only-to-be-relied-on movement for the abolition of slavery in this country, and throughout the world, is a great moral and religious movement. The work of which is, the enlightenment of the public mind, the quickening and enlightening of the dead conscience of the nation into life, and to a sense of the gross injustice, fraud, wrong and inhumanity of enslaving their fellow-men,— the fixing in the soul of the nation an invincible abhorrence of the whole system of slaveholding; and begetting in it a firm and inflexible determination to rid itself of its guiltiness in the matter. My means for the attainment of this deeply-desired and long-prayed-for end, are the simple proclamation of the word of Truth, written and spoken in the love of it, and in faith believing that the God of truth will give it success. Most firmly believing this, I have heretofore given myself to preaching the truth, as opposed to slavery; saying very little about Liberty party, as such, maintaining the ground, that whilst Liberty party did not directly attempt to crush our moral and religious agitation, and attended to its party machinery alone, we had other and better uses for our time and strength, than expending them upon and against that party; but always holding myself ready to defend the true anti-slavery platform, when attacked by Liberty party, or by any other party. Notwithstanding this has been and still is my position, and one which I have ever acted upon, and hope never to abandon, I have reason to believe that I have been and now am misapprehended by some of the opponents as well as the friends of the Liberty party. As evidence that some of the Liberty party have mistaken me, I will state, that it is but a few minutes since I received a visit from Mr. Milton Clark, a Liberty party lecturer, whose express purpose was to secure my services, to fill a number of appointments of his, now advertised in the Emancipator. I was taken all aback by this proposition. I began to cast about me to know what I had done, or left undone, that could afford ground for the slightest suspicion that I might be induced to take upon me such an office. It was with great difficulty that Milton convinced me of the sincerity of his purpose. It struck me as a mere joke. I however soon found it was no joke. He was in earnest. He meant what he said. He did wish to engage me for that service. He came for that purpose, and if there is any thing to be learned from tone, manner, gesture, &c. he did expect me to comply with his request. It is probably needless to add, that my answers to Mr. Clark were of such a character as to render it almost morally certain that I shall never be again troubled with another such proposition from him. I have, however, nothing against Mr. Clark, and shall ever be glad to welcome him to my house and fireside. But whilst I have nothing but the most kindly feelings, and the deepest sympathy for Milton Clark, as a fellow-sufferer and brother fugitive from the accursed prison-house of southern slavery; I have nothing but feelings of deep disgust and indignation for those who, I have good reason to believe, are making a mere tool of him for their own selfish political purposes. I cannot think that, of his own accord, and without the counsel of his political friends, he would have ventured such a proposition. I therefore charged it to the account of the clique have him in leading-strings. You are aware that I have ever felt little disposition to say or do any thing in opposition to what is called the Liberty party. I have frequently deprecated, in public and in private, the continued controversy between Old Organization and Liberty party. My policy in regard to that party has been, to let it alone to let it alone — if it could live, let it; if it would die, let us have as little to say or do about it as possible. My argument in support of this policy was this: The real, and only-to-be-relied-on movement for the abolition of slavery in this country, and throughout the world, is a great moral and religious movement. The work of which is, the enlightenment of the public mind, the quickening and enlightening of the dead conscience of the nation into life, and to a sense of the gross injustice, fraud, wrong and inhumanity of enslaving their fellow-men,— the fixing in the soul of the nation an invincible abhorrence of the whole system of slaveholding; and begetting in it a firm and inflexible determination to rid itself of its guiltiness in the matter. My means for the attainment of this deeply-desired and long-prayed-for end, are the simple proclamation of the word of Truth, written and spoken in the love of it, and in faith believing that the God of truth will give it success. Most firmly believing this, I have heretofore given myself to preaching the truth, as opposed to slavery; saying very little about Liberty party, as such, maintaining the ground, that whilst Liberty party did not directly attempt to crush our moral and religious agitation, and attended to its party machinery alone, we had other and better uses for our time and strength, than expending them upon and against that party; but always holding myself ready to defend the true anti-slavery platform, when attacked by Liberty party, or by any other party. Notwithstanding this has been and still is my position, and one which I have ever acted upon, and hope never to abandon, I have reason to believe that I have been and now am misapprehended by some of the opponents as well as the friends of the Liberty party. As evidence that some of the Liberty party have mistaken me, I will state, that it is but a few minutes since I received a visit from Mr. Milton Clark, a Liberty party lecturer, whose express purpose was to secure my services, to fill a number of appointments of his, now advertised in the Emancipator. I was taken all aback by this proposition. I began to cast about me to know what I had done, or left undone, that could afford ground for the slightest suspicion that I might be induced to take upon me such an office. It was with great difficulty that Milton convinced me of the sincerity of his purpose. It struck me as a mere joke. I however soon found it was no joke. He was in earnest. He meant what he said. He did wish to engage me for that service. He came for that purpose, and if there is any thing to be learned from tone, manner, gesture, &c. he did expect me to comply with his request. It is probably needless to add, that my answers to Mr. Clark were of such a character as to render it almost morally certain that I shall never be again troubled with another such proposition from him. I have, however, nothing against Mr. Clark, and shall ever be glad to welcome him to my house and fireside. But whilst I have nothing but the most kindly feelings, and the deepest sympathy for Milton Clark, as a fellow-sufferer and brother fugitive from the accursed prison-house of southern slavery; I have nothing but feelings of deep disgust and indignation for those who, I have good reason to believe, are making a mere tool of him for their own selfish political purposes. I cannot think that, of his own accord, and without the counsel of his political friends, he would have ventured such a proposition. I therefore charged it to the account of the clique have him in leading-strings. But my main and almost only object in writing at this time is, to lay before you some of t he sayings and doings of a Liberty party Convention recently held in the town of New-Bedford. Friend Remond and myself were present, and I maintain were shamefully abused, grossly insulted, and infamously gagged, after having been invited to speak. The facts in the case are as follows:- Friend Remond and myself being in New-Bedford on Monday the 21st, after having attended our own Convention, (which, by the way, was an excellent one,) we learned there was to be held a Liberty party Convention, on Tuesday and Wednesday, 22d and 23d. We learned, moreover, that our old and esteemed friend, George Bradburn, would be present and state his reasons for joining the Liberty party. Wishing very much to hear what they might be, I with friend Remond, was induced to stay and attend the Convention. It did not, however, convene until evening. It then organized by the appointment of Mr. Gideon Richmond president, who, after making a prayer, introduced to the audience S.P. Andrews . . . meeting held in Boston, giving quite a fair expose of the pro-slavery character of the Whig party, saying but little against the Democratic party. In vindication of this course, he said that the position of the Democratic party was one of such open, palpable, unsophisticated rascality, as to need no special attention. But my main and almost only object in writing at this time is, to lay before you some of t he sayings and doings of a Liberty party Convention recently held in the town of New-Bedford. Friend Remond and myself were present, and I maintain were shamefully abused, grossly insulted, and infamously infamously gagged, after having been invited to speak. The facts in the case are as follows:- Friend Remond and myself being in New-Bedford on Monday the 21st st 

 A quarterly meeting of the Essex County Anti-Slavery Society will be holden in Marblehead, commencing on Monday, Nov. 4th, at 1 1-2 o'clock, P.M., to continue the succeeding day and evening. A quarterly meeting of the Essex County Anti-Slavery Society will be holden in Marblehead, commencing on Monday, Nov. 4th, at 1 1-2 o'clock, P.M., to continue the succeeding day and evening. Subjects of the greatest importance will come up for consideration. It is earnestly hoped that large numbers of the friends from all parts of the country will assemble on that occasion, to urge onward this glorious enterprise. Subjects of the greatest importance will come up for consideration. It is earnestly hoped that large numbers of the friends from all parts of the country will assemble on that occasion, to urge onward this glorious enterprise. C.L. Remond, Frederick Douglass, and Henry Clapp, Jr. will be present. C.L. Remond, Frederick Douglass, and Henry Clapp, Jr. will be present. MARY P. KENNY, Sec'y. MARY P. KENNY, Sec'y Sec'y . Salem, Oct. 21, 1844. Salem, Oct. 21, 1844. 

 SYRACUSE, N.Y., Oct. 15, 1844. SYRACUSE, N.Y., Oct. 15, 1844. FRIEND GARISON: FRIEND GARISON: I suppose your readers see enough of the great Whig gathering at Rochester, on the 2d, in the Whig papers, extolling the enthusiasm of the people, the eloquence of the speakers, &c. &c. But perhaps a few words from one who was a looker on, but not with political eyes, may not be uninteresting. Being in the place at the time, and having business in Rochester, I availed myself of the extra train which conveyed the Whigs as a means of conveyance. The cars left here loaded with some 1500 persons, which increased to more than 3000 before reaching Rochester, filling three large trains to overflowing. Arriving in the city the evening of the 1st, I found the streets crowded with men, bonfires burning in the corners of the principal streets, and the air ringing with the huzzas and yells of the gathering 'decency and respectability' of the country. After passing the night in a large wool ware house, in company with perhaps some 500 others, I came into the streets at daylight, only to witness a continuation of the sights and sounds of the previous night. I suppose your readers see enough of the great Whig gathering at Rochester, on the 2d, in the Whig papers, extolling the enthusiasm of the people, the eloquence of the speakers, &c. &c. But perhaps a few words from one who was a looker on, but not with political eyes, may not be uninteresting. Being in the place at the time, and having business in Rochester, I availed myself of the extra train which conveyed the Whigs as a means of conveyance. The cars left here loaded with some 1500 persons, which increased to more than 3000 before reaching Rochester, filling three large trains to overflowing. Arriving in the city the evening of the 1st, I found the streets crowded with men, bonfires burning in the corners of the principal streets, and the air ringing with the huzzas and yells of the gathering 'decency and respectability' of the country. After passing the night in a large wool ware house, in company with perhaps some 500 others, I came into the streets at daylight, only to witness a continuation of the sights and sounds of the previous night. One word as to my fellow-lodgers, staunch supporters of the Anti-Slavery Slaveholder, who is the candidate of the Whigs. The floor of the warehouse was strown with clean wool, thus affording a comfortable bed; but entering amidst the motley crew, lying stretched on the floor, my first impulse was, (as I could see was the case with some other men, whose appearance bespoke respectability, and some degree of manly character,) to button my overcoat, so as to make the way to my pockets less easy, lest some of the party should be so false to their principles as to 'remove the deposites.' After taking this precaution, I lay down in a vacant spot, and was kept awake most of the night by the mingled succession of licentious jests and ribald songs, mingled with sallies of wit and humor of a purer cast; yet the low, the vile and disgusting was too prominent, showing the moral degradation of the majority of the wretched beings around. As the day advanced, thousands continued to pour in from the country around, and canal boats and rail-road cars were constantly swelling the increasing crowd. At eleven o'clock, the immense procession began to move to the place of gathering, a field of about fifteen acres, a mile and a half from the city. The long train of wagons, bearing countless banners and devices, made a fine show, if one could have forgotten the object for which they were convened; but this was impossible, as the deafening shouts for Henry Clay kept it ringing in the ear, and the mottoes and devices of the banners told the pitiful truth. I noticed a beautiful boat rigged as a schooner and manned by some dozen men, dragged along by some twenty powerful horses: it was finely decorated, but, as if to mar the whole effect, a coon (as the animal is called in the political vocabulary) was fastened, much to the poor creature's discomfort, half way up the mast. However, other people didn't seem to regard it as I did, but shouted with much apparent satisfaction and glee, from which I suppose the exhibition of the said coon most have some important beating upon whig polities, which I, from my ignorance, cannot see. A great stuffed image of a negro was carried aloft, in another wagon, intended to throw ridicule on the annexation of Texas. It seemed to me an insult to human rights, thus to hold up an effigy of a man, with a skin darker than our own, in order to serve a political end; and the hearty shouts of laughter, and cries of, 'See that nigger!' showed the respect for the colored people of this par excellence Whig anti-slavery party. At length, the field was filled with the vast multitude, and the speakers began to hold forth from five different stands. I stationed myself near the principal one, from which Cassius M. Clay was to address the people. He spoke in glowing terms of the evil of slavery, ending, as usual, by an exhortation to vote for his kinsman, Henry Clay, whose full length portrait hung before the stand in sight of the crowd of people. White he was appealing to the humanity of his audience, and stirring up their feelings against the annexation of Texas with her slavery, I wanted to propose that a painter should be employed to add to the portrait of the candidate, some mottoes taken from his own mouth, such as, 'Far from having any personal objections to the annexation of Texas, I should be glad to see it'— 'I do not think a permanent acquisition ought to be lost for the sake of a temporary institution'— 'Go home, and mind your own business! my slaves are fat and sleek,' &c. &c. But I suppose the Whigs would have thought me a mad fanatic for daring to propose to have the real sentiments of their great leader thus made known, and might perhaps kick me off the ground; and as I had no particular desire to be thus treated, I kept quiet. All the speeches were of the usual cast of political speeches. Able, eloquent men were engaged, and arguments in regard to the Tariff, &c. advanced, which had some show of truth and weight; but every where was the painful fact apparent of blindness to the great evil that is eating, like a cancer, into the vitals of the nation; nay, I should say, that has spread its poisonous virus through the whole land. And the tame subserviency of the party to the slavocracy of the South. As I stood on the field, and looked over the mighty assemblage, all ready to raise to the highest office in the country, a man who holds fifty men and women, made in God's own image, as chattels, and says, 'that is property which the law makes property,' my heart swelled with grief, and shame; and had I not felt that truth is mighty, and must prevail, I should have despaired of poor benighted and oppressed humanity. As the sun sank toward the west, the multitude dispersed in various directions— sober in-deed, so far as the influence of strong drink was concerned, but drunk with the spirit of party, and shouting huzzas for Clay in deafening and discordant tones. Returning to the city, the 250 Ash and Hickory poles erected in its streets told the same story of the maddenning effects of the political excitement that is now sweeping over the land with as baleful an influence on its morals as the fabled Bohon Upas of antiquity had upon the physical being of those who came too near its deadly exhalations. In the evening, a crowd assembled at the Court-house, and were addressed by the speakers who had held forth in the afternoon. One speaker, in particular, made a most eloquent appeal to the audience as friends of humanity to act in this emergency, so as to prevent the extension and perpetuity of slavery by the annexation of Texas. The appeal met with a most cordial response, showing that there was a wish to loosen the fetters of the slave— provided, alas! it was expedient for the good of the party! What a damper would Henry Clay's assertion, that he had no personal objections to annexation, have thrown upon that wakening spirit of freedom!! One word as to my fellow-lodgers, staunch supporters of the Anti-Slavery Slaveholder Anti-Slavery Slaveholder , who is the candidate of the Whigs. The floor of the warehouse was strown with clean wool, thus affording a comfortable bed; but entering amidst the motley crew, lying stretched on the floor, my first impulse was, (as I could see was the case with some other men, whose appearance bespoke respectability, and some degree of manly character,) to button my overcoat, so as to make the way to my pockets less easy, lest some of the party should be so false to their principles as to 'remove the deposites.' After taking this precaution, I lay down in a vacant spot, and was kept awake most of the night by the mingled succession of licentious jests and ribald songs, mingled with sallies of wit and humor of a purer cast; yet the low, the vile and disgusting was too prominent, showing the moral degradation of the majority of the wretched beings around. As the day advanced, thousands continued to pour in from the country around, and canal boats and rail-road cars were constantly swelling the increasing crowd. At eleven o'clock, the immense procession began to move to the place of gathering, a field of about fifteen acres, a mile and a half from the city. The long train of wagons, bearing countless banners and devices, made a fine show, if one could have forgotten the object for which they were convened; but this was impossible, as the deafening shouts for Henry Clay kept it ringing in the ear, and the mottoes and devices of the banners told the pitiful truth. I noticed a beautiful boat rigged as a schooner and manned by some dozen men, dragged along by some twenty powerful horses: it was finely decorated, but, as if to mar the whole effect, a coon coon (as the animal is called in the political vocabulary) was fastened, much to the poor creature's discomfort, half way up the mast. However, other people didn't seem to regard it as I did, but shouted with much apparent satisfaction and glee, from which I suppose the exhibition of the said coon coon most have some important beating upon whig polities, which I, from my ignorance, cannot see. A great stuffed image of a negro was carried aloft, in another wagon, intended to throw ridicule on the annexation of Texas. It seemed to me an insult to human rights, thus to hold up an effigy of a man man , with a skin darker than our own, in order to serve a political end; and the hearty shouts of laughter, and cries of, 'See that nigger!' showed the respect for the colored people of this par excellence par excellence Whig anti-slavery party. At length, the field was filled with the vast multitude, and the speakers began to hold forth from five different stands. I stationed myself near the principal one, from which Cassius M. Clay was to address the people. He spoke in glowing terms of the evil of slavery, ending, as usual, by an exhortation to vote for his kinsman, Henry Clay, whose full length portrait hung before the stand in sight of the crowd of people. White he was appealing to the humanity of his audience, and stirring up their feelings against the annexation of Texas with her slavery, I wanted to propose that a painter should be employed to add to the portrait of the candidate, some mottoes taken from his own mouth, such as, 'Far from having any personal objections to the annexation of Texas, I should be glad to see it glad to see it '— 'I do not think a permanent permanent acquisition ought to be lost for the sake of a temporary temporary institution'— 'Go home, and mind your own business! my slaves are fat and sleek,' &c. &c. But I suppose the Whigs would have thought me a mad fanatic for daring to propose to have the real sentiments of their great leader thus made known, and might perhaps kick me off the ground; and as I had no particular desire to be thus treated, I kept quiet. All the speeches were of the usual cast of political speeches. Able, eloquent men were engaged, and arguments in regard to the Tariff, &c. advanced, which had some show of truth and weight; but every where was the painful fact apparent of blindness to the great evil that is eating, like a cancer, into the vitals of the nation; nay, I should say, that has spread its poisonous virus through the whole land. And the tame subserviency of the party to the slavocracy of the South. As I stood on the field, and looked over the mighty assemblage, all ready to raise to the highest office in the country, a man who holds fifty men and women, made in God's own image, as chattels, and says, 'that is property which the law makes property,' my heart swelled with grief, and shame; and had I not felt that truth is mighty, and must prevail, I should have despaired of poor benighted and oppressed humanity. As the sun sank toward the west, the multitude dispersed in various directions— sober in-deed, so far as the influence of strong drink was concerned, but drunk with the spirit of party, and shouting huzzas for Clay in deafening and discordant tones. Returning to the city, the 250 Ash and Hickory poles erected in its streets told the same story of the maddenning effects of the political excitement that is now sweeping over the land with as baleful an influence on its morals as the fabled Bohon Upas of antiquity had upon the physical being of those who came too near its deadly exhalations. In the evening, a crowd assembled at the Court-house, and were addressed by the speakers who had held forth in the afternoon. One speaker, in particular, made a most eloquent appeal to the audience as friends of humanity to act in this emergency, so as to prevent the extension and perpetuity of slavery by the annexation of Texas. The appeal met with a most cordial response, showing that there was a wish to loosen the fetters of the slave— provided, alas! it was expedient for the good of the party! good of the party! What a damper would Henry Clay's assertion, that he had no personal objections to annexation no personal objections to annexation , have thrown upon that wakening spirit of freedom!! At a somewhat late hour, the listeners dispersed, and by midnight, or perhaps later, something like quiet prevailed through the streets for the first time for thirty-six hours. And thus ended the great Whig gathering in western New-York, the gathering of the freemen, as they call themselves, of the Empire State, to bow once more to the great Southern planter. The whole only furnished a new and powerful proof that 'the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint,' under the wide spread influence of the slaveholding power, and that every true freeman in the North should speak out firmly and boldly— NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS— NO COMPROMISE WITH SLAVERY. At a somewhat late hour, the listeners dispersed, and by midnight, or perhaps later, something like quiet prevailed through the streets for the first time for thirty-six hours. And thus ended the great Whig gathering in western New-York, the gathering of the freemen, as they call themselves, of the Empire State, to bow once more to the great Southern planter. The whole only furnished a new and powerful proof that 'the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint,' under the wide spread influence of the slaveholding power, and that every true freeman in the North should speak out firmly and boldly— NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS— NO COMPROMISE WITH SLAVERY. S. S. 

 The 9th Annual Meeting of the Rhode-Island State Anti-Slavery Society will be holden at the 'New Mechanics' Hall,' in Washington Building, Providence, commencing on Wednesday, November 20, at 10 o'clock, A.M. and will continue in session two or three days. The 9th Annual Meeting of the Rhode-Island State Anti-Slavery Society will be holden at the 'New 'New Mechanics' Hall,' in Washington Building, Providence, commencing on Wednesday, November 20, at 10 o'clock, A.M. and will continue in session two or three days. Arrangements have been made to secure the attendance of a number of able and efficient speakers. Arrangements have been made to secure the attendance of a number of able and efficient speakers. The Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society will furnish refreshments for those who attend the meeting. It is confidently expected that this will be a meeting of great interest, as a number of [ ]interesting and important questions will come up for consideration. Let the abolitionists of Rhode Island be there 'in masse.' To the friends in other States we say, come. The Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society will furnish refreshments for those who attend the meeting. It is confidently expected that this will be a meeting of great interest, as a number of [ ]interesting and important questions will come up for consideration. Let the abolitionists of Rhode Island be there 'in masse.' To the friends in other States we say, come. In behalf of the Board, In behalf of the Board, A. PAINE, Secretary. A. PAINE, Secretary Secretary . Providence, Oct. 23, 1844. Providence, Oct. 23, 1844. 

 The eighth course of Lectures before this institution will be delivered at the The eighth course of Lectures before this institution will be delivered at the  The course will commence on TUESDAY EVENING, November 19, with a Lecture from. The course will commence on TUESDAY EVENING, November 19, with a Lecture from. Rev. THEODORE PARKER, of West Roxbury Rev. THEODORE PARKER, of West Roxbury of West Roxbury Lectures may be expected from the following distinguished gentlemen, on the succeeding Tuesday evenings: Lectures may be expected from the following distinguished gentlemen, on the succeeding Tuesday evenings: Table  Table  To be followed by other gentlemen of talent and influence. To be followed by other gentlemen of talent and influence. Exercises will commence precisely at half past 7 o'clock. Exercises will commence precisely at half past 7 o'clock. Tickets for the course, admitting a gentleman and lady, 75 cents. Single tickets 50 cents— to be obtained at No. 25 Cornhill, at the Chronicle office, 7 Cornhill, and at B.H. Greene's Bookstore 124 Washington-street, and also of the Committee. Tickets for the course, admitting a gentleman and lady, 75 cents. Single tickets 50 cents— to be obtained at No. 25 Cornhill, at the Chronicle office, 7 Cornhill, and at B.H. Greene's Bookstore 124 Washington-street, and also of the Committee. Table  Table  Boston, Oct. 18. Boston, Oct. 18. 

 Rouse up, New-England! Buckle on your mail of proof sublime,Your stern old hate of tyranny, your deep contempt of crime!A traitor plot is hatching now, more full of woe and shame,Than ever from the iron heart of bloodiest despot came! Rouse up, New-England! Buckle on your mail of proof sublime,Your stern old hate of tyranny, your deep contempt of crime!A traitor plot is hatching now, more full of woe and shame,Than ever from the iron heart of bloodiest despot came!    Six slave States added at a breath! One flourish of a pen,And fetters shall be riveted on millions more of men!One drop of ink to sign a name, and Slavery shall find,For all her surplus flesh and blood, a market to her mind! Six slave States added at a breath! One flourish of a pen,And fetters shall be riveted on millions more of men!One drop of ink to sign a name, and Slavery shall find,For all her surplus flesh and blood, a market to her mind!    A market where good Democrats their fellow-men may sell!Oh, what a grin of fiendish glee runs round and round through hell!How all the damned leap up for joy, and half forget their fire,To think men take such pains to claim the notice of God's ire! A market where good Democrats their fellow-men may sell!Oh, what a grin of fiendish glee runs round and round through hell!How all the damned leap up for joy, and half forget their fire,To think men take such pains to claim the notice of God's ire!    Is't not enough that we have borne the sneer of all the world,And bent to those whose haughty lips in scorn of us are curled?Is't not enough that we must hunt their living chattels back,And cheer the hungry bloodhounds on that howl upon their track? Is't not enough that we have borne the sneer of all the world,And bent to those whose haughty lips in scorn of us are curled?Is't not enough that we must hunt their living chattels back,And cheer the hungry bloodhounds on that howl upon their track?    Is't not enough that we must bow to all that they decree,—These cotton and tobacco lords, these pimps of slavery?That we must yield our conscience up to glut Oppression's maw,And break our faith with God to keep the letter of Man's law? Is't not enough that we must bow to all that they decree,—These cotton and tobacco lords, these pimps of slavery?That we must yield our conscience up to glut Oppression's maw,And break our faith with God to keep the letter of Man's law?    But must we sit in silence by, and see the chain and whipMade firmer for all time to come in Slavery's bloody grip?Must we not only half the guilt and all the shame endure,But help to make our tyrant's throne of flesh and blood secure? But must we sit in silence by, and see the chain and whipMade firmer for all time to come in Slavery's bloody grip?Must we not only half the guilt and all the shame endure,But help to make our tyrant's throne of flesh and blood secure?    If hand and foot we must be bound by deeds our fathers signed,And must be cheated, gull'd and scorn'd, because they too were blind,Why, let them have their pound of flesh— for that is in the bond—But woe to them if they but take a half hair's breadth beyond! If hand and foot we must must be bound by deeds our fathers signed,And  must must be cheated, gull'd and scorn'd, because they too were blind,Why, let them have their pound of flesh— for that is in the bond—But woe to them if they but take a half hair's breadth beyond!   Is water running in our veins? Do we remember stillOld Plymouth rock, and Lexington, and glorious Bunker Hill?The debt we owe our fathers' graves? and to the yet unborn,Whose heritage ourselves must make a thing of pride or scorn? Is water running in our veins? Do we remember stillOld Plymouth rock, and Lexington, and glorious Bunker Hill?The debt we owe our fathers' graves? and to the yet unborn,Whose heritage ourselves must make a thing of pride or scorn?    Gray Plymouth rock hath yet a tongue, and Concord is not dumb,And voices from our fathers' graves, and from the future come;They call on us to stand our ground, they charge us still to beNot only free from chains ourselves, but foremost to make free! Gray Plymouth rock hath yet a tongue, and Concord is not dumb,And voices from our fathers' graves, and from the future come;They call on us to stand our ground, they charge us still to beNot only free from chains ourselves, but foremost to make free!    The homespun mail by mothers wove, that erst so freely metThe British steel, clothes hearts as warm with Pilgrim virtues yet;Come, brethren, up! Come, mothers, cheer your sons once more to goForth to a nobler battle-field than with our olden foe! The homespun mail by mothers wove, that erst so freely metThe British steel, clothes hearts as warm with Pilgrim virtues yet;Come, brethren, up! Come, mothers, cheer your sons once more to goForth to a nobler battle-field than with our olden foe!    Come, grasp your ancient buckler, gird on your ancient sword,Let Freedom be your bastion, your armory God's word;Shout, 'God for our New-England!' and smite them hip and thigh,The cursed race of Amalek, whose armor is a lie! Come, grasp your ancient buckler, gird on your ancient sword,Let Freedom be your bastion, your armory God's word;Shout, 'God for our New-England!' and smite them hip and thigh,The cursed race of Amalek, whose armor is a lie!    They fight against the law of God, the sacred human heart:One charge from Massachusetts, and their counsels fall apart!Rock the old Cradle yet once more! let Faneuil Hall send forthThe anger of true-hearted men, the lightning of the North! They fight against the law of God, the sacred human heart:One charge from Massachusetts, and their counsels fall apart!Rock the old Cradle yet once more! let Faneuil Hall send forthThe anger of true-hearted men, the lightning of the North!    Awake, New-England! While you sleep, the foes advance their lines:Already on your stronghold's wall their bloody banner shines!Awake! and hurl them back again in terror and despair—The time has come for earnest deeds, we've not a man to spare! Awake, New-England! While you sleep, the foes advance their lines:Already on your stronghold's wall their bloody banner shines!Awake! and hurl them back again in terror and despair—The time has come for earnest deeds, we've not a man to spare!    

 The following song is said to be sung by the slaves as they are chained in gangs when about to start to the far off South— children taken from parents, husbands from wives, and brothers from sisters. The following song is said to be sung by the slaves as they are chained in gangs when about to start to the far off South— children taken from parents, husbands from wives, and brothers from sisters. See these poor souls from Africa,Transported to America;We are stolen and sold to Georgia— will you go along with me?We are stolen and sold to Georgia— go sound the jubilee. See these poor souls from Africa,Transported to America;We are stolen and sold to Georgia— will you go along with me?We are stolen and sold to Georgia— go sound the jubilee.    See wives and husbands sold apart,The children's screams!— it breaks my heart'There is a better day a coming— will you go along with me?There is a better day a coming— go sound the jubilee. See wives and husbands sold apart,The children's screams!— it breaks my heart'There is a better day a coming— will you go along with me?There is a better day a coming— go sound the jubilee.    Gracious Lord! when shall it be,That we poor souls shall all be free?Lord, break them slavery powers— will you go along with me?Lord, break them slavery powers— go sound the jubilee. Gracious Lord! when shall it be,That we poor souls shall all be free?Lord, break them slavery powers— will you go along with me?Lord, break them slavery powers— go sound the jubilee.    Dear Lord! dear Lord! when slavery 'll cease,Then we poor souls can have our peace:There is a better day a coming— will you go along with me?There is a better day a coming— go sound the jubilee. Dear Lord! dear Lord! when slavery 'll cease,Then we poor souls can have our peace:There is a better day a coming— will you go along with me?There is a better day a coming— go sound the jubilee.    

 The true Reformer, like the pioneer,Who hews the western forest, must throw byAll thought of ease or resting till he die:Nor in his noble breast admit the fearOf ill; although, through life, he may not hearThe voice of friend, nor see one loving eyeTo cheer him on his way of duty high,And warn him when his foes are lurking near!Yet fields of beauty, by his dauntless hand,Shall rise in loveliness, where now the gloomOf error doth the light of truth withstand;The lonely wilderness he fells shall bloomThroughout all aftertime; and those who nowScowl with mad hate, before his tomb shall bow The true Reformer, like the pioneer,Who hews the western forest, must throw byAll thought of ease or resting till he die:Nor in his noble breast admit the fearOf ill; although, through life, he may not hearThe voice of friend, nor see one loving eyeTo cheer him on his way of duty high,And warn him when his foes are lurking near!Yet fields of beauty, by his dauntless hand,Shall rise in loveliness, where now the gloomOf error doth the light of truth withstand;The lonely wilderness he fells shall bloomThroughout all aftertime; and those who nowScowl with mad hate, before his tomb shall bow              

 That far-famed poet, who in the 'dead waste and middle of the night' is wont to waste his sweetness upon Carlisle-bridge, and who is known by the classical appellation of 'Zozimus,' was brought before the magistrates of College-street police-office yesterday, charged with having obstructed the public footway in Sackville-street on the night preceding, while singing a balled which collected a large crowd of the midnight dilettanti around him. That far-famed poet, who in the 'dead waste and middle of the night' is wont to waste his sweetness upon Carlisle-bridge, and who is known by the classical appellation of 'Zozimus,' was brought before the magistrates of College-street police-office yesterday, charged with having obstructed the public footway in Sackville-street on the night preceding, while singing a balled which collected a large crowd of the midnight dilettanti dilettanti around him. The complainant was the illustrious 184 B, who stated that at 12 o'clock on Thursday night he found Zozimus at the corner of Lower Abbey-street, singing in his own peculiar and highly characteristic style a political song which appeared to be exceedingly popular with his audience; so much so, indeed, that they insisted on encoring it again and again. Complainant ordered him 'to move on and not obstruct the passage;' but Zozimus refused to stir, alleging that that was a lucky corner— that he made 7d. there already, and that nothing would induce him to leave the favored spot. 184 B, thereupon seized the bard by the collar, and alas! for the usage which genius experiences in this heartless world! dragged him to the watch-house. The complainant was the illustrious 184 B, who stated that at 12 o'clock on Thursday night he found Zozimus at the corner of Lower Abbey-street, singing in his own peculiar and highly characteristic style a political song which appeared to be exceedingly popular with his audience; so much so, indeed, that they insisted on encoring it again and again. Complainant ordered him 'to move on and not obstruct the passage;' but Zozimus refused to stir, alleging that that was a lucky corner— that he made 7d. there already, and that nothing would induce him to leave the favored spot. 184 B, thereupon seized the bard by the collar, and alas! for the usage which genius experiences in this heartless world! dragged him to the watch-house. Zozimus— My lord, I was not doing harm to man or mortal. The news of the Liberator's liberation arrived in town at six o'clock, and ran like wildfire through the city. Some friends, who admire my poetic genius, called on me at my lodgings in Pump alley, off Camden-street, and conveyed me the gratifying intelligence just as I was sitting down to supper, and as Mrs. Zozimus had the tea-pot in her hand, asking me if my tea was to my liking, my vivid imagination immediately pictured to my mind the pitiable woe-begone condition in which Alphabet Smith must be on hearing the glorious news. I imagined to myself a meeting between himself and his victor in the public streets. Inspiration seized me. I was in the vein, and in five minutes wrote a song, which, I venture to predict, will live forever. I went to the corner of Abbey-street, and was in the act of delighting my audience, when 184 B came up and hauled me off! Zozimus— My lord, I was not doing harm to man or mortal. The news of the Liberator's liberation arrived in town at six o'clock, and ran like wildfire through the city. Some friends, who admire my poetic genius, called on me at my lodgings in Pump alley, off Camden-street, and conveyed me the gratifying intelligence just as I was sitting down to supper, and as Mrs. Zozimus had the tea-pot in her hand, asking me if my tea was to my liking, my vivid imagination immediately pictured to my mind the pitiable woe-begone condition in which Alphabet Smith must be on hearing the glorious news. I imagined to myself a meeting between himself and his victor in the public streets. Inspiration seized me. I was in the vein, and in five minutes wrote a song, which, I venture to predict, will live forever. I went to the corner of Abbey-street, and was in the act of delighting my audience, when 184 B came up and hauled me off! Magistrate— But, Mr. Zozimus, why did you obstruct the public footway? Magistrate— But, Mr. Zozimus, why did you obstruct the public footway? Zozimus— Sure it wasn't I that obstructed it, but thim that gathered around me. (Laughter.) Arrah, listen to my song. Zozimus— Sure it wasn't I that obstructed it, but thim that gathered around me. (Laughter.) Arrah, listen to my song. The bard thereupon without further ceremony recited the following sublime composition:— The bard thereupon without further ceremony recited the following sublime composition:— Musha, Dan, who let you out?Said the T.B.C.Musha, Dan, who let you out?Said the T.B.C.Sure I thought I lock'd you in,You contrariest of min,And what brings you here again?Said the T.B.C. Musha, Dan, who let you out?Said the T.B.C.Musha, Dan, who let you out?Said the T.B.C.Sure I thought I lock'd you in,You      contrariest contrariest of min,And what brings you here  again again ?Said the T.B.C.  Through the chimley did you climb?Said the T.B.C.For you're fit for any crime,Said the T.B.C.There were locks both great and small,Did you dare to pick them all?Did you scale the prison wall?Said the T.B.C. Through the chimley chimley did you climb?Said the T.B.C.For you're fit for any crime,Said the T.B.C.There were locks both great and small,Did you dare to pick them      all all ?Did you scale the prison wall?Said the T.B.C.   No, I didn't scale the wall,Said the Dan Van Vocht.Through the flues I didn't crawl,Said the Dan Van Vocht.Nor I didn't use a pike,Nor a lock I didn't strike,For I'd scorn to do the like,Said the Dan Van Vocht. No, I didn't scale the wall,Said the Dan Van Vocht.Through the flues I didn't crawl,Said the Dan Van Vocht.Nor I didn't use a pike,Nor a lock I didn't strike,For I'd scorn to do the like,Said the Dan Van Vocht.        But might is foiled by right,Said the Dan Van Vocht.Like the darkness by the light,Said the Dan Van Vocht.My cause was on a rock,'Twas the law that picked the lock,And I'm free, my banton cock,Said the Dan Van Vocht. But might is foiled by right,Said the Dan Van Vocht.Like the darkness by the light,Said the Dan Van Vocht.My cause was on a rock,'Twas the law that picked the lock,And I'm free, my banton cock,Said the Dan Van Vocht.        Oh! confusion to you, Dan,Said the T.B.C.You're the devil of a man,Said the T.B.C.Oh, we're in a precious plight,By your means this blessed night,For you've bothered us outright,Said the T.B.C. Oh! confusion to you, Dan,Said the T.B.C.You're the devil of a man,Said the T.B.C.Oh, we're in a precious plight,By your means this blessed night,For you've bothered us outright,Said the T.B.C.        Magistrate— In consideration of your high poetic endowments, Mr. Zozimus, I will discharge you, if you promise not to offend again. Magistrate— In consideration of your high poetic endowments, Mr. Zozimus, I will discharge you, if you promise not to offend again. Zozimus willingly gave the promise, and was discharged. Zozimus willingly gave the promise, and was discharged. 

 Zozimus, 184 B, and T.B.C. Smith.— 184 Bentered this office yesterday arm-in-arm with Zozimus, whom he charged with having, on the night preceding, collected such a crowd at the corner of College-street, in Brunswick-street, as obstructed the public passage. Zozimus, 184 B, and T.B.C. Smith.— 184 Bentered this office yesterday arm-in-arm with Zozimus, whom he charged with having, on the night preceding, collected such a crowd at the corner of College-street, in Brunswick-street, as obstructed the public passage. The complainant having alluded very feelingly to his hard fate, which rendered it imperative on him to treat men of genius with severity, and having assured the bench that nothing but a high sense of public duty could induce him to take up 'Zozimus,' 'Satan Montgomery,' or any other poet of a similar calibre of genius, stated that at ten o'clock the night before, he found Zozimus singing a song, with a large crowd around him, opposite the Rose Tavern. Zozimus, as usual, refused to move on, and he (184 B) was consequently obliged to take him into custody. The complainant having alluded very feelingly to his hard fate, which rendered it imperative on him to treat men of genius with severity, and having assured the bench that nothing but a high sense of public duty could induce him to take up 'Zozimus,' 'Satan Montgomery,' or any other poet of a similar calibre calibre of genius, stated that at ten o'clock the night before, he found Zozimus singing a song, with a large crowd around him, opposite the Rose Tavern. Zozimus, as usual, refused to move on, and he (184 B) was consequently obliged to take him into custody. Magistrate— What excuse have you to offer for this conduct, Mr. Zozimus? Magistrate— What excuse have you to offer for this conduct, Mr. Zozimus? Zozimus— None, my lord. My chances of escape are invested now, as on many a previous occasion, in the sublimity of my composition. Listen to my song, and then send me to jail if you have the heart to do so. Zozimus— None, my lord. My chances of escape are invested now, as on many a previous occasion, in the sublimity of my composition. Listen to my song, and then then send me to jail if you have the heart to do so. The Bard thereupon took a piece of paper out of his hat, and read as follows: The Bard thereupon took a piece of paper out of his hat, and read as follows: Alphabet Smith went out one day,Thro' Merrion-square patrolling O,He met brave Dan upon his way,And he wonder'd to see him strolling O!Be dad, said he, 'this sight is queer,My eyes it does bedezen O,What call have you marauding here?Or how dar you leave your prison O?Evints like this the rage would stirOf Christian or of Paygal O,I prov'd you a consperator,And show'd you were illaygal O;Yet here you strut in open dayForeninst my house so freely O,Upon my conscience I must sayYou've used me ungenteely O.''Come, come,' said Dan, 'be cool, my child,In every word and action O,And if you keep your temper mild, I'll get you satisfaction O.I know 'tis hard your toils should beWithout reward or guerdon O;CALL OUT THE MAN WHO SET ME FREE,HIS NAME IS MISTHUK PURDON O.'Then Tom he leaped about elate,Tremindous was his fooster O.Siz he, 'I'll send a message straightBy my darling Misther Brewster O.I'll teach that Purdon how aginHe'll wink at your patrolling O;He's paid for keeping prisoners in,And how dar he send them strolling O?' Alphabet Smith went out one day,Thro' Merrion-square patrolling O,He met brave Dan upon his way,And he wonder'd to see him strolling O!Be dad, said he, 'this sight is queer,My eyes it does bedezen O,What call have       you you marauding here?Or how  dar dar you leave your prison O?Evints like this the rage would stirOf Christian or of Paygal O,I prov'd you a consperator,And show'd you were illaygal O;Yet here you strut in open dayForeninst my house so freely O,Upon my conscience I must sayYou've used me ungenteely O.''Come, come,' said Dan, 'be cool, my child,In every word and action O,And if you keep your temper mild,             I'll I'll get you satisfaction O.I know 'tis hard your toils should beWithout reward or guerdon O;CALL OUT THE MAN WHO SET ME FREE,HIS NAME IS MISTHUK PURDON O.'Then Tom he leaped about elate,Tremindous was his fooster O.Siz he, 'I'll send a message straightBy my darling Misther Brewster O.I'll teach that Purdon how aginHe'll wink at your patrolling O;He's paid for keeping prisoners in,And how dar he send them strolling O?'             Magistrate— Notwithstanding the sublimity of that delectable composition, I must fine you is., Mr. Zozimus. Magistrate— Notwithstanding the sublimity of that delectable composition, I must fine you is., Mr. Zozimus. Zozimus— Well, your honor, will you take it in weekly instalments? Zozimus— Well, your honor, will you take it in weekly instalments? Magistrate— I cannot do any such thing. Magistrate— I cannot do any such thing. Zozimus— Then here's the money all in a lump, your honor. Zozimus— Then here's the money all in a lump, your honor. The Bard threw 24 half-pence out of his pocket into the hands of 184 B, and left the office. The Bard threw 24 half-pence out of his pocket into the hands of 184 B, and left the office. 

 This Society held its third annual meeting at its Room, October 7th, 1844. The Superintendent made his Report of the transactions of the Society for the last year. This Society held its third annual meeting at its Room, October 7th, 1844. The Superintendent made his Report of the transactions of the Society for the last year. From this, it appears that the number of applicants for employment in the several quarters is as follows: From this, it appears that the number of applicants for employment in the several quarters is as follows: Table  Table  Of these it is known that 804 have obtained employment at the office, or have left the city in consequence of advice from the Superintendent,— this advice proceeding directly from a knowledge of the facts in the several causes, or from such an approximation to accurate knowledge as made it the duty of the Superintendent to give it. The above number are known to have received employment, or have left the city. There is little doubt that full as many have received the benefits of the office, from whom no report has been obtained of the fact. Supposing this to be the case, we have a total of twelve or fifteen hundred men who have been directly benefitted by the Society, by obtaining employment through its agency, or who have received very valuable information from the same source. And who have received these benefits? For the most part strangers, who have come here for employment, and who have often spent much money in seeking for the information which at last they have obtained of the Society, without charge. Some have said they had spent as much as six dollars for intelligence, and had obtained none. Of these it is known known that 804 have obtained employment at the office, or have left the city in consequence of advice from the Superintendent,— this advice proceeding directly from a knowledge of the facts in the several causes, or from such an approximation to accurate knowledge as made it the duty of the Superintendent to give it. The above number are known to have received employment, or have left the city. There is little doubt that full as many have received the benefits of the office, from whom no report has been obtained of the fact. Supposing this to be the case, we have a total of twelve twelve or fifteen hundred fifteen hundred men who have been directly benefitted by the Society, by obtaining employment through its agency, or who have received very valuable information from the same source. And who have received these benefits? For the most part strangers, who have come here for employment, and who have often spent much money in seeking for the information which at last they have obtained of the Society, without charge. without charge. Some have said they had spent as much as six dollars six dollars for intelligence, and had obtained none. This Society has not found it necessary to advertise for persons for specific purposes. There are always on its books names registered in order of employment desired, in sufficient number to meet in a day or two almost any demand. The public are therefore invited to call at the office, No. 66 Cornhill, and the-demands of all will be at once attended to. In this way, the whole benefits of this enterprise will be obtained; and employers, and those wishing employment, will be abundantly and satisfactorily accommodated. This Society has not found it necessary to advertise for persons for specific purposes. There are always on its books names registered in order of employment desired, in sufficient number to meet in a day or two almost any demand. The public are therefore invited to call at the office, No. 66 Cornhill, and the-demands of all will be at once attended to. In this way, the whole benefits of this enterprise will be obtained; and employers, and those wishing employment, will be abundantly and satisfactorily accommodated. The Treasurer presented his Annual Report. From this, it appears that the income of the Society has been $572.00,— being the annual assessment of $2.00 paid by 286 members; and that there is a balance of $40.94 in the Treasury, 'and no bills unpaid.' The Treasurer presented his Annual Report. From this, it appears that the income of the Society has been $572.00,— being the annual assessment of $2.00 paid by 286 members; and that there is a balance of $40.94 in the Treasury, 'and no bills unpaid.' 'and no bills unpaid.' We learn from this Report, at how small a cost of money the Society has been enabled to do the public, and deserving individuals, service to last years. We learn from this Report, at how small a cost of money the Society has been enabled to do the public, and deserving individuals, service to last years. The Society earnestly and respectfully invites the attention of the community to the statements made in this its second Annual Report. It asks for new names to its subscription lists. Its demands on each individual are very small, and it engages to aid each applicant for the service of others, in obtaining faithful men, and also to assist such men to obtain employment. The Society enters upon the third year of its labors with new purposes of promoting its important objects. The Society earnestly and respectfully invites the attention of the community to the statements made in this its second Annual Report. It asks for new names to its subscription lists. Its demands on each individual are very small, and it engages to aid each applicant for the service of others, in obtaining faithful men, and also to assist such men to obtain employment. The Society enters upon the third year of its labors with new purposes of promoting its important objects. WALTER CHANNING, President. WALTER CHANNING, President. GEORGE PASSAROW, Superintendent. GEORGE PASSAROW, Superintendent. Boston, Oct. 10th, 1844. Boston, Oct. 10th, 1844. 

 The Journal du Cher publishes the following speech, purporting to have been recently addressed by the King to M. Larochefoucauld Liancourt, who presented to him, as President of the Society of Christian Morality, various addresses forwarded to him by the English and American Societies for the preservation of peace:— 'I am happy to receive these addresses, and feel particularly gratified to find that our American friends should do justice to the pains I have taken to maintain the general peace of Europe. There is no advantage in making war, even when a nation has attained the object for which it has fought, because ultimately the losses are always greater than the gains. I have ever professed that principle. When I was in America, forty years ago, I was often asked to propose toasts at public dinners, and I almost invariably expressed the wish that universal and permanent peace should exist among all nations. I was then exiled from my country, and my anxious desire was that it should enjoy peace and happiness. This is what caused me to adopt that salutary precept. I could not then foresee that I should be called upon one day to exert my influence and act myself in favor of that great cause. May the Almighty accord me the maintenance of peace. War appears to me a malediction; and war in Europe, between civilized nations, I regard as an absurdity: if the smaller States desired it, we should prevent them; and as peace between the great powers become daily more consolidated, I hope, if I live a few years longer, that a general war in Europe will have become impossible.' This speech has been severely criticised by some portions of the French press. The Journal du Cher Journal du Cher publishes the following speech, purporting to have been recently addressed by the King to M. Larochefoucauld Liancourt, who presented to him, as President of the Society of Christian Morality, various addresses forwarded to him by the English and American Societies for the preservation of peace:— 'I am happy to receive these addresses, and feel particularly gratified to find that our American friends should do justice to the pains I have taken to maintain the general peace of Europe. There is no advantage in making war, even when a nation has attained the object for which it has fought, because ultimately the losses are always greater than the gains. I have ever professed that principle. When I was in America, forty years ago, I was often asked to propose toasts at public dinners, and I almost invariably expressed the wish that universal and permanent peace should exist among all nations. I was then exiled from my country, and my anxious desire was that it should enjoy peace and happiness. This is what caused me to adopt that salutary precept. I could not then foresee that I should be called upon one day to exert my influence and act myself in favor of that great cause. May the Almighty accord me the maintenance of peace. War appears to me a malediction; and war in Europe, between civilized nations, I regard as an absurdity: if the smaller States desired it, we should prevent them; and as peace between the great powers become daily more consolidated, I hope, if I live a few years longer, that a general war in Europe will have become impossible.' This speech has been severely criticised by some portions of the French press. 

 The following resolutions were discussed at a recent meeting of the Kennebec Universalist Association, held at Gardiner. 'They obtained,' we are informed, 'about one third of all the votes of the council, including clergy and lay delegates.' The following resolutions were discussed at a recent meeting of the Kennebec Universalist Association, held at Gardiner. 'They obtained,' we are informed, 'about one third of all the votes of the council, including clergy and lay delegates.' Whereas, the laws of God are an expression of universal principles, from which no exception can be taken at the dictates of a worldly policy, whether it be the command, 'Thou shalt not steal,' or 'THOU SHALT NOT KILL;' and whereas, Christ has taught us both by precept and example, to 'overcome evil with good,' to 'pray for those who despitefully use and persecute us,' to 'resist not evil,' to 'love our enemies, and forgive them as we wish to be forgiven;' therefore, Whereas, the laws of God are an expression of universal principles, from which no exception can be taken at the dictates of a worldly policy, whether it be the command, 'Thou shalt not steal,' or 'THOU SHALT NOT KILL;' and whereas, Christ has taught us both by precept and example, to 'overcome evil with good,' to 'pray for those who despitefully use and persecute us,' to 'resist not evil,' to 'love our enemies, and forgive them as we wish to be forgiven;' therefore, Resolved, That the taking of human life, whether it be done as a penalty for crime, in the single combat of the duellist, or upon the field of battle, is in direct violation of the laws of God, and entirely obnoxious to the spirit and practice of Jesus Christ. Resolved, That the taking of human life That the taking of human life , whether it be done as a penalty for crime, in the single combat of the duellist, or upon the field of battle, is in direct violation of the laws of God, and entirely obnoxious to the spirit and practice of Jesus Christ. Resolved, That Christians can no more consistently lend their support to laws authorizing capital punishment, nor to the maintenance of an army and navy to butcher their brothers in war, than they could participate in the crucifixion of Christ;— for, 'inasmuch as they do it to one of the least of his brethren, they do it unto him.' Resolved, That Christians can no more consistently lend their support to laws authorizing capital punishment, nor to the maintenance of an army and navy to butcher their brothers in war, than they could participate in the crucifixion of Christ;— for, 'inasmuch as they do it to one of the least of his brethren, they do it unto him.' Resolved, That the office of Chaplain in the army or navy could never be occupied by a true follower of the 'Prince of Peace.' Resolved, That the office of Chaplain in the army or navy could never be occupied by a true follower of the 'Prince of Peace.' Resolved, That chattel slavery is a monster of iniquity, too hideous and too cruel to be tolerated in a land of Christianity. Resolved, That chattel slavery is a monster of iniquity, too hideous and too cruel to be tolerated in a land of Christianity. Resolved, That the religion of this country is one of the strongest props of the slave system; and that the denomination of Universalists, instead of contributing their influence to perpetuate it, should withdraw all ecclesiastical and clerical fellowship from slaveholders and their abettors. Resolved, That the religion of this country is one of the strongest props of the slave system; and that the denomination of Universalists, instead of contributing their influence to perpetuate it, should withdraw all ecclesiastical and clerical fellowship from slaveholders and their abettors. 

 The following rhapsody from the St. Clairsville Gazette, finds its way into the Kentucky Gazette, which endorses the sentiments: The following rhapsody from the St. Clairsville Gazette, finds its way into the Kentucky Gazette, which endorses the sentiments: 'DEMOCRACY.— No man is a Democrat who is low, mean, and possessing a narrow, contracted spirit. Pride is an enemy to Democracy; so is faction, so are cliques. It labors for the poor, the despised, and the oppressed. It rises above error, exposes sophistry, looks around and abroad for objects of commiseration. its standard bearer the flag of equal rights, and its pedestal rests on the rock of justice and humanity.' 'DEMOCRACY.— No man is a Democrat who is low, mean, and possessing a narrow, contracted spirit. Pride is an enemy to Democracy; so is faction, so are cliques. It labors for the poor, the despised, and the oppressed. labors for the poor, the despised, and the oppressed. It rises above error, exposes sophistry, looks around and abroad for objects of commiseration. looks around and abroad for objects of commiseration. its standard bearer the flag of equal rights equal rights , and its pedestal rests on the rock of justice and humanity.' pedestal rests on the rock of justice and humanity.' 'What a school for the American patriot we have in the study of Democratic principles! Here we study the method of meliorating man's condition, rendering him only a little lower than the angels. Here we learn that acting righteously and performing justice, makes men wise, happy and prosperous. Here we learn to reform errors and abuses, and clothe humanity in the unstained garb of innocence.'— St. Clairsville Gazette abridged. 'What a school for the American patriot we have in the study of Democratic principles! Here we study the method of meliorating man's condition, rendering him only a little lower than the angels. Here we learn that acting righteously and performing justice, makes men wise, happy and prosperous. Here we learn to reform errors and abuses, and clothe humanity in the unstained garb of innocence.'— St. Clairsville Gazette abridged. St. Clairsville Gazette abridged. Close by this Democratic creed, we find the following beautiful commentary: Close by this Democratic creed, we find the following beautiful commentary: The highest price in Cash will be given for thirty Negroes, from 10 to 25 years of age, and of both sexes. Apply at the Farmers' and Traders' Hotel. The highest price in Cash Cash will be given for thirty Negroes, from 10 to 25 years of age, and of both sexes. Apply at the Farmers' and Traders' Hotel. Lexington, Aug. 17, 1844.— 2m.' Lexington, Aug. 17, 1844.— 2m.' Though no 'mean' man can be a Democrat, it does not follow that a man who makes others work for him without paying them, may not be a Democrat of the first water, in fact, the very chief of the universal Democratic brotherhood! Though no 'mean' man can be a Democrat, it does not follow that a man who makes others work for him without paying them, may not be a Democrat of the first water, in fact, the very chief of the universal Democratic brotherhood! Democracy would be doing a peddling business to look at home for objects of commiseration; so it looks abroad; and its charity to the oppressed of other lands, seems to keep pace with its niggardliness to the oppressed of its own land. Democracy would be doing a peddling business to look at home for objects of commiseration; so it looks abroad; and its charity to the oppressed of other lands, seems to keep pace with its niggardliness to the oppressed of its own land. It has so intense an affection for the poor, the despised and the oppressed, that it can never rest till it makes their muscles and sinews all its own, flattering them by paying for them the highest cash prices. It has so intense an affection for the poor, the despised and the oppressed, that it can never rest till it makes their muscles and sinews all its own, flattering them by paying for them the highest cash cash prices. Its 'standard bearer' at this time is James K. Polk, the owner of a plantation of forty slaves, and its 'pedestal,' a dark mass of human beings, say two and a half millions, grovelling in chains. Its 'standard bearer' at this time is James K. Polk, the owner of a plantation of forty slaves, and its 'pedestal,' a dark mass of human beings, say two and a half millions, grovelling in chains. O, 'what a school for the American patriot '!— With the groans of these pupils of Democracy sounding in his ears, how rapid will be his advance in the study of the method of meliorating condition,' 'rendering him only a little lower than the angels!' We do not know, however, that the Democracy of the angels permits them to put each other up at public auction. This glorious consummation seems reserved as the crowning perfection of sublunary Democracy. O, 'what a school for the American patriot '!— With the groans of these pupils of Democracy sounding in his ears, how rapid will be his advance in the study of the method of meliorating condition,' 'rendering him only a little lower than the angels!' We do not know, however, that the Democracy of the angels permits them to put each other up at public auction. This glorious consummation seems reserved as the crowning perfection of sublunary Democracy. To be serious— the Democrats must do one of two things— give up their professions of regard for human rights, or give up their allies, who are daily trampling upon these rights. To be serious— the Democrats must do one of two things— give up their professions of regard for human rights, or give up their allies, who are daily trampling upon these rights. 

 The spirit of humanity is one. All its interests are in perfect unity. Its great central truth is the brotherhood of man. All reforms, therefore, which are built upon that platform, must progress together. They cannot clash. The friends of one of them must be the friends of all. Their interests are necessarily and eternally identical. For this reason, I make no apologies for occupying so much of my space with anti-slavery articles. I do it frequently for the express purpose of vindicating the essential unity of all true reforms. Whoever takes offence at this course, does not understand the deep meaning of the Washingtonian movement. That movement is not selfish— no humane movement can be. It throbs with sympathy in behalf of every enterprise which tends to lift man from the dust. It knows nothing of envy or jealousy. It is sky-high above them both. Whoever complains, therefore, of the Essex County Washingtonian, that it frequently (as to-day) intermeddles with extraneous reforms, may be sure he is no true reformer. He may be honest in his view, and really fear that if moral reforms are not kept scrupulously distinct, they will clash. But this is an idle fear, and it will be well for his soul that he dispossess himself of it instanter. I repeat the idea— and it cannot be repeated too often— that moral reforms are gregarious by their very nature, and must go together. The spirit of humanity is one. All its interests are in perfect unity. Its great central truth is the brotherhood of man. brotherhood of man. All reforms, therefore, which are built upon that platform, must progress together. They cannot clash. The friends of one of them must be the friends of all. Their interests are necessarily and eternally identical. For this reason, I make no apologies for occupying so much of my space with anti-slavery articles. I do it frequently for the express purpose of vindicating the essential unity of all true reforms. Whoever takes offence at this course, does not understand the deep meaning of the Washingtonian movement. That movement is not selfish— no humane movement can be. It throbs with sympathy in behalf of every enterprise which tends to lift man from the dust. It knows nothing of envy or jealousy. It is sky-high above them both. Whoever complains, therefore, of the Essex County Washingtonian, that it frequently (as to-day) intermeddles with extraneous reforms, may be sure he is no true reformer. He may be honest in his view, and really fear that if moral reforms are not kept scrupulously distinct, they will clash. But this is an idle fear, and it will be well for his soul that he dispossess himself of it instanter. instanter. I repeat the idea— and it cannot be repeated too often— that moral reforms are gregarious by their very nature, and must must go together. 

 A Boston correspondent of the Congregational Journal, in a letter describing the scenes he witnessed at the Tabernacle meetings in this city, says: A Boston correspondent of the Congregational Journal, in a letter describing the scenes he witnessed at the Tabernacle meetings in this city, says: The facility with which Elder Himes and they pervert the scriptures, and plunge hood winked and headlong into the pitfalls of wild delusion, may be judged of by the following specimens. Speaking of the end of the world, he said it was true the Bible declared that neither man nor angel knew the day or the hour when the Son of man cometh; but as the Lord was good, he had a right to reveal it to any one if he pleased to do so, and he has done so— had revealed it to him, and no mistake— and who could gainsay it? He was sure of this,— he was shut up to this faith and this fact. He had made all his arrangements accordingly— had wound up all his business, and loudly exhorted his fellow hearers to do the same. 'Leave every thing— all your goods— your houses— furniture— provision— clothing— crops— fields— cattle, and every possible description of property just as it is. Go not into your houses to take any thing out,— leave every thing upon the altar of God, and if he wants any part of it, he will take care of it, and it is nothing to you.' This stroke of reasoning and eloquence from his reverence fell with emphasis upon the minds of many, who responded in scores of terrific voices, simultaneously shouting 'Amen, amen— glory, glory— amen, amen, amen, just so— I'll do it,— yes, yes, I have done it,— amen.' The facility with which Elder Himes and they pervert the scriptures, and plunge hood winked and headlong into the pitfalls of wild delusion, may be judged of by the following specimens. Speaking of the end of the world, he said it was true the Bible declared that neither man nor angel knew the day or the hour when the Son of man cometh; but as the Lord was good, he had a right to reveal it to any one if he pleased to do so, and he has done so— had revealed it to him, and no mistake— and who could gainsay it? He was sure of this,— he was shut up to this faith and this fact. He had made all his arrangements accordingly— had wound up all his business, and loudly exhorted his fellow hearers to do the same. 'Leave every thing— all your goods— your houses— furniture— provision— clothing— crops— fields— cattle, and every possible description of property just as it is. Go not into your houses to take any thing out,— leave every thing upon the altar of God, and if he wants any part of it, he will take care of it, and it is nothing to you.' This stroke of reasoning and eloquence from his reverence fell with emphasis upon the minds of many, who responded in scores of terrific voices, simultaneously shouting 'Amen, amen— glory, glory— amen, amen, amen, just so— I'll do it,— yes, yes, I have done it,— amen.' 'The Lord will come, and he will not;—Keep silence, but speak out.' 'The Lord will come, and he will not;—  Keep silence, but speak out.' Touching the matter of property, his sagacious reverence further advised the saints not to waste it; for, said he, what good will that do? If they had any poor friends in want of daily food, but destitute of the wherewithal to buy, why give moderately to them. As for himself, he had given up all,— he now works for nothing— printed and gave away the Advent Herald at the rate of ten or twelve thousand a day, and they were welcome to have it in cartloads, without money and without price. Touching the matter of property, his sagacious reverence further advised the saints not to waste it; for, said he, what good will that do? If they had any poor friends in want of daily food, but destitute of the wherewithal to buy, why give moderately to them. As for himself, he had given up all,— he now works for nothing— printed and gave away the Advent Herald at the rate of ten or twelve thousand a day, and they were welcome to have it in cartloads, without money and without price. Some of the practical effects of the miserable humbug in question are no doubt known to your readers. Common report says that not a few of the insane followers of Miller have given up to his care and disposal very pretty sums of money and other valuables, telling him at the same time to go-ahead and do as he pleases with their assignments. Some of the practical effects of the miserable humbug in question are no doubt known to your readers. Common report says that not a few of the insane followers of Miller have given up to his care and disposal very pretty sums of money and other valuables, telling him at the same time to go-ahead and do as he pleases with their assignments. Some have parted with their property for a mere song as an equivalent. One female in Boston, the keeper of a boarding-house, announced to her boarders, a few mornings since, that they must seek quarters some where else, for she was about to relinquish the world and all its cares and concerns, and henceforth should keep herself in a waiting attitude to meet the Lord on the 22d of October— that being the Ultima Thule of time; and clad in her white ascension dress, she so waits. Another? A poor girl who had laid aside in a savings' bank about two hundred dollars by her industry and prudence, as house servant, was induced a short time since to take it out, and devote it to help defray the expenses for building the Temple and advancing the Miller doctrines. Another: An honest, hard-working colored man with a family, for several years engaged in purchasing second-hand clothing, and repairing and selling it again, had accumulated two thousand dollars, which he deposited in a savings' bank. A few weeks ago he withdrew it, and appropriated it as mentioned in the case of the servant girl. Still another: I am informed on good authority, that a farmer having a wife and large family in your State has declined gathering his crops this season, under the belief that at the period above specified, time and earth will cease to be. All this in the middle of the nineteenth century, and in enlightened New England. During the coming winter, our alms houses and our insane hospitals will doubtless reveal numerous instances of shipwreck made both of property and reason, even as they have done already— to say nothing of the incalculable and irretrievable mischiefs inflicted upon the cause of true religion. Some have parted with their property for a mere song as an equivalent. One female in Boston, the keeper of a boarding-house, announced to her boarders, a few mornings since, that they must seek quarters some where else, for she was about to relinquish the world and all its cares and concerns, and henceforth should keep herself in a waiting attitude to meet the Lord on the 22d of October— that being the Ultima Thule of time; and clad in her white ascension dress, she so waits. Another? A poor girl who had laid aside in a savings' bank about two hundred dollars by her industry and prudence, as house servant, was induced a short time since to take it out, and devote it to help defray the expenses for building the Temple and advancing the Miller doctrines. Another: An honest, hard-working colored man with a family, for several years engaged in purchasing second-hand clothing, and repairing and selling it again, had accumulated two thousand dollars, which he deposited in a savings' bank. A few weeks ago he withdrew it, and appropriated it as mentioned in the case of the servant girl. Still another: I am informed on good authority, that a farmer having a wife and large family in your State has declined gathering his crops this season, under the belief that at the period above specified, time and earth will cease to be. All this in the middle of the nineteenth century, and in enlightened New England. During the coming winter, our alms houses and our insane hospitals will doubtless reveal numerous instances of shipwreck made both of property and reason, even as they have done already— to say nothing of the incalculable and irretrievable mischiefs inflicted upon the cause of true religion. D. D. 

 We are informed that the Miller excitement is doing its worst among the people of the lower part of New-Hampshire. In Kingston, Mr. A.N. Brown, publisher and printer, has become entirely insane. His brother, carried away by the same delusion, has given up everything like work, believing it to be clinging to this world's things. A few days since, he was about hauling a load of corn from his field, when, seized suddenly with the above idea, he fell upon his knees and prayed to God to direct him how to act— whether to carry the corn to the barn or leave it in the field— the decision was in favor of the latter course, and it was accordingly dropped for the benefit of the cattle. The believers of the pernicious doctrine in that section, generally, have almost entirely neglected to provide for future wants— apples are rotting on the trees, and crops in the fields remain unharvested. In Newington, likewise, the fanaticism has made alarming progress. We have yet to learn how far the expiration of the Miller 'chronology' goes towards restoring these deluded people to their reason. We are informed that the Miller excitement is doing its worst among the people of the lower part of New-Hampshire. In Kingston, Mr. A.N. Brown, publisher and printer, has become entirely insane. His brother, carried away by the same delusion, has given up everything like work, believing it to be clinging to this world's things. A few days since, he was about hauling a load of corn from his field, when, seized suddenly with the above idea, he fell upon his knees and prayed to God to direct him how to act— whether to carry the corn to the barn or leave it in the field— the decision was in favor of the latter course, and it was accordingly dropped for the benefit of the cattle. The believers of the pernicious doctrine in that section, generally, have almost entirely neglected to provide for future wants— apples are rotting on the trees, and crops in the fields remain unharvested. In Newington, likewise, the fanaticism has made alarming progress. We have yet to learn how far the expiration of the Miller 'chronology' goes towards restoring these deluded people to their reason. 

 LAMENTABLE. Moses Clark, of Landaff, we learn, committed suicide by drowning, about a week since. A man of good sense and very well informed, he yet fell into the miserable delusion of Millerism, and reason was ousted from her throne. He was highly respected in his town, and so well esteemed in Grafton county as to have been elected Chairman of the Road Commissioners. He was a representative from Landaff to the Legislature, for the two years previous to the present year, and was a very useful, careful and well informed member. The pecuniary loss to the community, and the moral and social evil engendered by this raging malady, must be enormous. Men leave their business, neglect their crops, desert their families, and disregard all their social and civil duties, under the strange influence of utter nonsense.— N.H. Patriot. LAMENTABLE. Moses Clark, of Landaff, we learn, committed suicide by drowning, about a week since. A man of good sense and very well informed, he yet fell into the miserable delusion of Millerism, and reason was ousted from her throne. He was highly respected in his town, and so well esteemed in Grafton county as to have been elected Chairman of the Road Commissioners. He was a representative from Landaff to the Legislature, for the two years previous to the present year, and was a very useful, careful and well informed member. The pecuniary loss to the community, and the moral and social evil engendered by this raging malady, must be enormous. Men leave their business, neglect their crops, desert their families, and disregard all their social and civil duties, under the strange influence of utter nonsense.— N.H. Patriot. N.H. Patriot. 

 THE MILLERITES. The Philadelphia Inquirer of Thursday states, that a body of Thursday states, that a body of these deluded enthusiasts remained encamped near Phoenixville, during all the nights of Monday and Tuesday. On Wednesday morning, two little children were found in the encampment, cold, stiff and dead. Much suffering had been experienced among them in consequence of sleeping on the cold, damp ground, and the want of food. THE MILLERITES. The Philadelphia Inquirer of Thursday states, that a body of Thursday states, that a body of these deluded enthusiasts remained encamped near Phoenixville, during all the nights of Monday and Tuesday. On Wednesday morning, two little children were found in the encampment, cold, stiff and dead. Much suffering had been experienced among them in consequence of sleeping on the cold, damp ground, and the want of food. 

 A SINGULAR OCCURRENCE. A late number of that French paper, the Journal of Rouen, announces a singular rencontre which took place at that town not long since, when an equestrian statue in bronze of the Duke of Wellington, brought from Paris in the Luxor, was about to be landed on the quay to be shipped for England. The Tancarville arrived at the same moment with the status of Napoleon, destined by the King to be erected at Ajaccio. They were consigned to two different houses, between whom a dispute arose as to the precedence in their being landed, during which the effigies of the two great captains stood face to face on the desks of their respective vessels! The commandant of the port, however, decided that Napoleon should be the first landed, and the Duke the first to be re-embarked. A SINGULAR OCCURRENCE. A late number of that French paper, the Journal of Rouen, announces a singular rencontre which took place at that town not long since, when an equestrian statue in bronze of the Duke of Wellington, brought from Paris in the Luxor, was about to be landed on the quay to be shipped for England. The Tancarville arrived at the same moment with the status of Napoleon, destined by the King to be erected at Ajaccio. They were consigned to two different houses, between whom a dispute arose as to the precedence in their being landed, during which the effigies of the two great captains stood face to face on the desks of their respective vessels! The commandant of the port, however, decided that Napoleon should be the first landed, and the Duke the first to be re-embarked. A COLORED IMPOSTER DETECTED. A colored man, named Wm. Johnson, was on Wednesday arrested in Pittsburgh, under false pretences. He represented himself to have ours been a slave, but had purchased his freedom; his wife and several children were yet in bondage in one of the southern States, but in what particular we did not learn. His tale was very ingeniously told, and at once enlisted the sympathies of all upon whom he called. A COLORED IMPOSTER DETECTED. A colored man, named Wm. Johnson, was on Wednesday arrested in Pittsburgh, under false pretences. He represented himself to have ours been a slave, but had purchased his freedom; his wife and several children were yet in bondage in one of the southern States, but in what particular we did not learn. His tale was very ingeniously told, and at once enlisted the sympathies of all upon whom he called. He succeeded in imposing upon the generosity of a large number of persons, and collected quite a handsome sum of money. The money thus collected, he spent in purchasing country produce in Ohio, which he forwarded to his accomplices in Pittsburgh to sell for him. They divided the spoils among them, and at the end of the year each was enabled to pocket a handsome sum of money as his share of the profits. He also visited other cities and towns. It is supposed that he has been travelling the country for years, and has amassed quite a neat fortune in telling his pitiful tale of woe! He has several accomplices, who are supposed to be white men. He was, in default of bail, committed to jail. He succeeded in imposing upon the generosity of a large number of persons, and collected quite a handsome sum of money. The money thus collected, he spent in purchasing country produce in Ohio, which he forwarded to his accomplices in Pittsburgh to sell for him. They divided the spoils among them, and at the end of the year each was enabled to pocket a handsome sum of money as his share of the profits. He also visited other cities and towns. It is supposed that he has been travelling the country for years, and has amassed quite a neat fortune in telling his pitiful tale of woe! He has several accomplices, who are supposed to be white men. He was, in default of bail, committed to jail. Frantic Affair.— The immersion of converts to Millerism took place again yesterday afternoon, in the Falls, and one of the candidates, a female, after baptism, became so violently excited, that it was only by great exertion that the man who baptized her could prevent both her and himself from a second plunge headlong into the stream. On getting to the shore, it became necessary for others to hold her, until she fainted and sunk away senseless with exhaustion, and was borne away into a neighboring house. We have heard of several instances of pecuniary sacrifices of a truly lamentable character, involving irretrievably the means of future subsistence.— Balt. Sun. Frantic Affair. Frantic Affair. — The immersion of converts to Millerism took place again yesterday afternoon, in the Falls, and one of the candidates, a female, after baptism, became so violently excited, that it was only by great exertion that the man who baptized her could prevent both her and himself from a second plunge headlong into the stream. On getting to the shore, it became necessary for others to hold her, until she fainted and sunk away senseless with exhaustion, and was borne away into a neighboring house. We have heard of several instances of pecuniary sacrifices of a truly lamentable character, involving irretrievably the means of future subsistence.— Balt. Sun. Balt. Sun. A Disgraceful Affair.— About 4 o'clock yesterday (Sunday) afternoon, a disgraceful fight took place in Third-street, just below South, between the Weccacoe Hose and Franklin Engine Companies. A Disgraceful Affair. A Disgraceful Affair. — About 4 o'clock yesterday (Sunday) afternoon, a disgraceful fight took place in Third-street, just below South, between the Weccacoe Hose and Franklin Engine Companies. The scene was outrageous. Banners, clubs and brickbats were made use of with the utmost freedom. Several persons were injured. And all this on the Sabbath day. It is with humiliation and pain we record such occurrences.— Phil. Inq. The scene was outrageous. Banners, clubs and brickbats were made use of with the utmost freedom. Several persons were injured. And all this on the Sabbath day. It is with humiliation and pain we record such occurrences.— Phil. Inq. Phil. Inq. The Gale at Rochester.— Though less destructive to life and property than at Buffalo, the hurricane at Rochester was tremendous. Many trees were up-rooted, and buildings stripped of their roofs. Among others, the roof of the Dutch Church on Stilson-street was entirely carried off. The gable end of Mr. Howse's brick building was blown down and fell with a tremendous crash, almost annihilating Brewster's store adjoining, going through the roof and both floors into the cellar. No lives were lost. The Gale at Rochester. The Gale at Rochester. — Though less destructive to life and property than at Buffalo, the hurricane at Rochester was tremendous. Many trees were up-rooted, and buildings stripped of their roofs. Among others, the roof of the Dutch Church on Stilson-street was entirely carried off. The gable end of Mr. Howse's brick building was blown down and fell with a tremendous crash, almost annihilating Brewster's store adjoining, going through the roof and both floors into the cellar. No lives were lost. Foot Race.— A great foot race came off at Hoboken on Wednesday last. The prizes were $600, $250, $100, and $50. The distance to be run, 10 miles. There were 16 competitors. Those who run that distance within an hour, were, John Gilder, a young mechanic of New-York, who received the first prize; John Barlow and John Greenhalgh, two Englishmen, who received the second and third prizes; John Ross, the celebrated Cherokee Chief, who received the fourth prize; and Henry Stannard, of Connecticut, who accomplished the 10 miles in exactly an hour. The two Englishmen, it is said, came over expressly to attend this race. Foot Race. Foot Race. — A great foot race came off at Hoboken on Wednesday last. The prizes were $600, $250, $100, and $50. The distance to be run, 10 miles. There were 16 competitors. Those who run that distance within an hour, were, John Gilder, a young mechanic of New-York, who received the first prize; John Barlow and John Greenhalgh, two Englishmen, who received the second and third prizes; John Ross, the celebrated Cherokee Chief, who received the fourth prize; and Henry Stannard, of Connecticut, who accomplished the 10 miles in exactly an hour. The two Englishmen, it is said, came over expressly to attend this race. Vermont Asylum for the Insane.— By the Eighth Annual Report, which is just published, the institution appears to be in a prosperous condition. The buildings have been enlarged this season, furnishing greater accommodations, and improving the means of classification. 232 patients have enjoyed its advantages the past year, 74 have been discharged, and 158 now remain. Of those discharged, 51 have recovered. The terms are fixed at $2 per week, or $80 per year, if the patient remains so long in the institution. Patients from other States are received on the same terms as those from Vermont. Vermont Asylum for the Insane. Vermont Asylum for the Insane. — By the Eighth Annual Report, which is just published, the institution appears to be in a prosperous condition. The buildings have been enlarged this season, furnishing greater accommodations, and improving the means of classification. 232 patients have enjoyed its advantages the past year, 74 have been discharged, and 158 now remain. Of those discharged, 51 have recovered. The terms are fixed at $2 per week, or $80 per year, if the patient remains so long in the institution. Patients from other States are received on the same terms as those from Vermont. Dryburgh Abbey, where the body of Walter Scott lies buried, is the property of the Earl of Buchan. Over the lodge gate, at the entrance to the Abbey grounds, is a sign on which is painted, in large letters, placed there in all seriousness, by order of the countess of Buchan, which runs thus:—'SLAVEHOLDERS FROM AMERICA NOT ADMITTED.' Dryburgh Abbey, where the body of Walter Scott lies buried, is the property of the Earl of Buchan. Over the lodge gate, at the entrance to the Abbey grounds, is a sign on which is painted, in large letters, placed there in all seriousness, by order of the countess of Buchan, which runs thus:—'SLAVEHOLDERS FROM AMERICA NOT ADMITTED.' The Christian-Observer records the death of the Rev. George H. Apthorp, missionary in India. Mr. A. died at Oodoopitty, Ceylon, on the 8th of June last, aged 46 years. Mr. Apthorp was from Quincy, Mass. He graduated at Yale College in 1820, and at Princeton Theological Seminary in 1832, and left the United States for his mission in 1833. The Christian-Observer records the death of the Rev. George H. Apthorp, missionary in India. Mr. A. died at Oodoopitty, Ceylon, on the 8th of June last, aged 46 years. Mr. Apthorp was from Quincy, Mass. He graduated at Yale College in 1820, and at Princeton Theological Seminary in 1832, and left the United States for his mission in 1833. Fight between Messrs. Botts and Jones.— At a discussion on the 8th instant, at Henrico county C.H., Va., between Mr. Botts and Mr. Jones, late Speaker of the House of Representatives, a quarrel ensued, and a regular fight took place between them.— Phil. Ledger. Fight between Messrs. Botts and Jones. Fight between Messrs. Botts and Jones. — At a discussion on the 8th instant, at Henrico county C.H., Va., between Mr. Botts and Mr. Jones, late Speaker of the House of Representatives, a quarrel ensued, and a regular fight took place between them.— Phil. Ledger. Phil. Ledger. The Reforme states, that during the last census taken by order of Government, it has been ascertained that there exist throughout France 6,642,416 dwelling houses, 82,575 mills, 4412 furnaces and forges, and 38,030 manufactories. Total, 6,767,433 properties, belonging to 10,282,946 individuals. 'There remain, consequently,' says the Reforme, '24,717,050 non-proprietors, or passive citizens.' The Reforme Reforme states, that during the last census taken by order of Government, it has been ascertained that there exist throughout France 6,642,416 dwelling houses, 82,575 mills, 4412 furnaces and forges, and 38,030 manufactories. Total, 6,767,433 properties, belonging to 10,282,946 individuals. 'There remain, consequently,' says the Reforme, '24,717,050 non-proprietors, or passive citizens.' Mechanics' Exhibition.— The total amount of receipts at the late exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association was $15,518 25. The expenses will probably amount to $8000 or $9000. Mechanics' Exhibition. Mechanics' Exhibition. — The total amount of receipts at the late exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association was $15,518 25. The expenses will probably amount to $8000 or $9000. Novel Feat on the Thames.— A clown, named Barry, who performs at Astley's Amphitheatre, undertook, for a wager, to sail on the Thames, from Vauxhall to London bridge, in a tub drawn by two geese. He performed the feat successfully on the 23d ultimo. It was done by Usher, the clown, about twenty years back. Novel Feat on the Thames. Novel Feat on the Thames. — A clown, named Barry, who performs at Astley's Amphitheatre, undertook, for a wager, to sail on the Thames, from Vauxhall to London bridge, in a tub drawn by two geese. He performed the feat successfully on the 23d ultimo. It was done by Usher, the clown, about twenty years back. Suicide.— Mr. John B. Chase, of Northfield, committed suicide by hanging on Monday, the 10th ult., supposed to be the fruit of Millerism. On the same day, in the same neighborhood, Mr. George Blanchard attempted the same performance, but was cut down and resuscitated.— Belknap N.H. Gaz. Suicide. Suicide. — Mr. John B. Chase, of Northfield, committed suicide by hanging on Monday, the 10th ult., supposed to be the fruit of Millerism. On the same day, in the same neighborhood, Mr. George Blanchard attempted the same performance, but was cut down and resuscitated.— Belknap N.H. Gaz. Belknap N.H. Gaz. Snow.— A letter from Sharon, Vt., of the 2d Oct., says, we had a fine snow storm here on Saturday. In Stockbridge, the snow was 3 or 4 inches deep. Snow. Snow. — A letter from Sharon, Vt., of the 2d Oct., says, we had a fine snow storm here on Saturday. In Stockbridge, the snow was 3 or 4 inches deep. The Berkshire hills were covered with snow on the 3d inst. The Berkshire hills were covered with snow on the 3d inst. Dreadful Fires.— A fire took place at Jassy on the 4th ult., says a Smyrna journal, which destroyed 300 houses. About the same time, a fire took place at Honsch, also in Moldavia, which consumed 200 houses and destroyed 100 lives. Dreadful Fires. Dreadful Fires. — A fire took place at Jassy on the 4th ult., says a Smyrna journal, which destroyed 300 houses. About the same time, a fire took place at Honsch, also in Moldavia, which consumed 200 houses and destroyed 100 lives. The clothing warehouse of Mr. J.J. Mahoney, 50 Ann-street, was broken open on Friday night, and about $1000 worth of property stolen. The robbers entered by the back window.— Boston Merc. Jour. The clothing warehouse of Mr. J.J. Mahoney, 50 Ann-street, was broken open on Friday night, and about $1000 worth of property stolen. The robbers entered by the back window.— Boston Merc. Jour. Boston Merc. Jour. The Brattleboro railroad subscription has reached $930,000, and the corporation will be organized immediately that a million is booked.— Boston Morning Post. The Brattleboro railroad subscription has reached $930,000, and the corporation will be organized immediately that a million is booked.— Boston Morning Post. Boston Morning Post. A shoal of whales, amounting to upwards of five hundred, proved a prize a few days since to the poor inhabitants of Zetland, who captured them all, and sold the carcases at £2 5s. each. A shoal of whales, amounting to upwards of five hundred, proved a prize a few days since to the poor inhabitants of Zetland, who captured them all, and sold the carcases at £2 5s. each. Luther S. Cushing, Esq., of Boston, has been appointed Judge of the Court of Common Pleas, in the place of Judge Allen, resigned. Mr. Cushing is well known, having been for many years Clerk of the House of Representative, and editor of the American Jurist. Luther S. Cushing, Esq., of Boston, has been appointed Judge of the Court of Common Pleas, in the place of Judge Allen, resigned. Mr. Cushing is well known, having been for many years Clerk of the House of Representative, and editor of the American Jurist. A poor workman, of Altona, has recently come into possession of a fortune of £1,500,000, by the death of his brother, who died lately at Demerara. A poor workman, of Altona, has recently come into possession of a fortune of £1,500,000, by the death of his brother, who died lately at Demerara. Snow.— 'A man informs us that on the last day of September, he rode nine miles in Stewartstown in a sleigh, with the snow nine inches in depth'— so says the N.H. Patriot. Snow. Snow. — 'A man informs us that on the last day of September, he rode nine miles in Stewartstown in a sleigh, with the snow nine inches in depth'— so says the N.H. Patriot. Insanity and Suicide.— A young man by the name of Kulp, about 18 or 19 years of age, committed suicide last Friday, by throwing himself into the Niagara river at Black Rock. He had been some time infatuated with the Millerite delusion. Insanity and Suicide. Insanity and Suicide. — A young man by the name of Kulp, about 18 or 19 years of age, committed suicide last Friday, by throwing himself into the Niagara river at Black Rock. He had been some time infatuated with the Millerite delusion. The effective military force in Ireland on the 1st ult., including cavalry, infantry and artillery, was 26,000 men. The effective military force in Ireland on the 1st ult., including cavalry, infantry and artillery, was 26,000 men. The Duke of Grafton died at his seat in Suffolk, September 28th, in the 85th year of his age. The Duke of Grafton died at his seat in Suffolk, September 28th, in the 85th year of his age. A man has been fined $200 in New-Orleans for selling liquor to a slave. His license was also taken from him, and he is incapacitated for the trade in the State forever. A man has been fined $200 in New-Orleans for selling liquor to a slave. His license was also taken from him, and he is incapacitated for the trade in the State forever. Air Tight Stoves— Rights of the Patentee— Judge Sprague, in the U.S. Circuit Court at Boston, refused, on Monday, to dissolve the injunction previously issued in favor of Isaac Orr, to stay the manufacture of air-tight stoves by a Mr. Badger. The effect of this decision is to sustain Dr. Orr's patent, and to enable his Administratix to restrain, by injunction, all stove-dealers from manufacturing the air-tight stove without a license from her. Air Tight Stoves— Rights of the Patentee Air Tight Stoves— Rights of the Patentee — Judge Sprague, in the U.S. Circuit Court at Boston, refused, on Monday, to dissolve the injunction previously issued in favor of Isaac Orr, to stay the manufacture of air-tight stoves by a Mr. Badger. The effect of this decision is to sustain Dr. Orr's patent, and to enable his Administratix to restrain, by injunction, all stove-dealers from manufacturing the air-tight stove without a license from her. Rev. Charles Fitch, the Advent lecturer, died suddenly at Buffalo, N.Y., in consequence of taking cold while immersing some of his converts. Rev. Charles Fitch, the Advent lecturer, died suddenly at Buffalo, N.Y., in consequence of taking cold while immersing some of his converts. 

