 On our first page is a letter from Dr. WILLIAM H. BRISBANE, defining his position as to Old and New Organization. It is written with that frankness and directness which characterize all his actions, and which we always highly appreciate, because they are so rarely found between man and man. We have long entertained toward him feelings of strong regard and admiration, not only for having reduced himself to poverty by emancipating all his slaves, and making his safe return to the South impracticable, but for the moral courage and glowing zeal which he has exhibited in endeavoring to sustain and carry forward the anti-slavery movement, since he openly rejoiced in the unpopular name of an abolitionist. As a southern man and a slaveholder, he has set am example to all, who are retaining their fellow creatures in bondage, worthy of imitation. As a clergyman, (happily now out of that false office,) and a member of a severely rigid and exclusive sect, (with which we were connected in our earlier days,) he has displayed a manliness and catholicity of character, as remarkable as was his readiness to break the chains of his salves, and hail them as men and brethren. During his residence in this city, our personal acquaintance was of a pleasant nature, and served to increase our regard for him:— and we now assure him, that if his spirit had been the spirit of James G. Birney, Lewis Tappan, Joshua Leavitt, and others, these would not have been any divisions in our ranks, any secession from the American Anti-Slavery Society, any of the distracting scenes which have been witnessed since the year 1839. On our first page is a letter from Dr. WILLIAM H. BRISBANE, defining his position as to Old and New Organization. It is written with that frankness and directness which characterize all his actions, and which we always highly appreciate, because they are so rarely found between man and man. We have long entertained toward him feelings of strong regard and admiration, not only for having reduced himself to poverty by emancipating all his slaves, and making his safe return to the South impracticable, but for the moral courage and glowing zeal which he has exhibited in endeavoring to sustain and carry forward the anti-slavery movement, since he openly rejoiced in the unpopular name of an abolitionist. As a southern man and a slaveholder, he has set am example to all, who are retaining their fellow creatures in bondage, worthy of imitation. As a clergyman, (happily now out of that false office,) and a member of a severely rigid and exclusive sect, (with which we were connected in our earlier days,) he has displayed a manliness and catholicity of character, as remarkable as was his readiness to break the chains of his salves, and hail them as men and brethren. During his residence in this city, our personal acquaintance was of a pleasant nature, and served to increase our regard for him:— and we now assure him, that if his spirit had been the spirit of James G. Birney, Lewis Tappan, Joshua Leavitt, and others, these would not have been any divisions in our ranks, any secession from the American Anti-Slavery Society, any of the distracting scenes which have been witnessed since the year 1839. We propose to make a brief examination of his letter, in the order in which he has stated his points. We propose to make a brief examination of his letter, in the order in which he has stated his points. He says— 'I have never taken part in the disputes among the abolitionists themselves.' According to our belief, genuine abolitionists have had no disputes, but have held on their way from the beginning, in the spirit of brotherly kindness, shoulder to shoulder, 'unseduced and unterrified.' It is possible that he may never have considered himself identified with the seceders, 'although the latter have always had him on their list of officers,' but how he could expect the public to regard him as occupying a neutral position, under such circumstances, we are at a loss to understand. By official position, he has long been identified with a party, which has attempted to cover with infamy those who have steadfastly adhered to the original platform, for whom Dr. Brisbane says he entertains 'high respect,' and with whom he is at all times anxious to co-operate as far as practicable. Against the societies of both these conflicting parties, he says he has had his objections, because he has 'always' had the impression that there was a better and more efficient mode of action, than through those societies. With such views and feelings, and with a desire 'to pursue a cause as much in harmony as possible with all engaged in advocating the rights of the slave,' we submit to his good sense and brotherly candor, whether he has done right to allow his same to stand in official connection with 'new organization,' without having expressed the slightest disapprobation of thus being made a proselyte and a partizan on that side. He says— 'I have never taken part in the disputes among the abolitionists themselves.' According to our belief, genuine abolitionists have had no disputes, but have held on their way from the beginning, in the spirit of brotherly kindness, shoulder to shoulder, 'unseduced and unterrified.' It is possible that he may never have considered himself identified with the seceders, 'although the latter have always had him on their list of officers,' but how he could expect the public to regard him as occupying a neutral position, under such circumstances, we are at a loss to understand. By official position, he has long been identified with a party, which has attempted to cover with infamy those who have steadfastly adhered to the original platform, for whom Dr. Brisbane says he entertains 'high respect,' and with whom he is at all times anxious to co-operate as far as practicable. Against the societies of both these conflicting parties, he says he has had his objections, because he has 'always' had the impression that there was a better and more efficient mode of action, than through those societies. With such views and feelings, and with a desire 'to pursue a cause as much in harmony as possible with all engaged in advocating the rights of the slave,' we submit to his good sense and brotherly candor, whether he has done right to allow his same to stand in official connection with 'new organization,' without having expressed the slightest disapprobation of thus being made a proselyte and a partizan on that side. 'From the first,' he says, 'I have regarded the question of emancipation as one belonging as much to politicians as to moralists'! —a declaration which fills us with astonishment, and which, in our opinion, is totally adverse to the philosophy of reform. Is it any thing better than fatuity to look to 'politicians' to effect the regeneration of a corrupt public sentiment- to carry on a great moral and christian enterprise? What are they better, in such a struggle, than . . . forces to put up or put down, by showing brute force, what they think proper? What are the weapons which they wield but those which are carnal? What higher law can they or do they regard than the Constitution, which is 'the supreme law of the land,' the law of God to the contrary notwithstanding? Was it political or moral power that touched the heart of Dr. Brisbane, convicted him of sin and induced him to give liberty to his slaves? Was it the presentation of a legal writ, or a market at his breast, or the application of truth to his conscience, that made him do justly and love mercy? Is he for the employment of military power, or 'the foolishness of preaching,' for the abolition of slavery!- Would he have the throats of all those slaveholders cut, or their lives taken, in the last extremity shall refuse to obey the edict of 'politicians' to emancipate their victims? Was slavery established by law or in contempt and defiance of law? Did the courts create it, or recognize it as a system already in existence? What now upholds it but an all-pervading sentiment in the land, that it is compatible with republicanism and christianity? What can overturn it but a mighty moral change in the views, feelings and practices of the people? How shall that change be effected, except by appropriate moral instrumentalities? Does christianity rely upon 'politicians, in any emergency? Is it shorn of its strength when deprived of the elective franchise or the ballot-box? 'From the first,' he says, 'I have regarded the question of emancipation as one belonging as much to politicians as to moralists'! —a declaration which fills us with astonishment, and which, in our opinion, is totally adverse to the philosophy of reform. Is it any thing better than fatuity to look to 'politicians' to effect the regeneration of a corrupt public sentiment- to carry on a great moral and christian enterprise? What are they better, in such a struggle, than . . . forces to put up or put down, by showing brute force, what they think proper? What are the weapons which they wield but those which are carnal? What higher law can they or do they regard than the Constitution, which is 'the supreme law of the land,' the law of God to the contrary notwithstanding? Was it political or moral power that touched the heart of Dr. Brisbane, convicted him of sin and induced him to give liberty to his slaves? Was it the presentation of a legal writ, or a market at his breast, or the application of truth to his conscience, that made him do justly and love mercy? Is he for the employment of military power, or 'the foolishness of preaching,' for the abolition of slavery!- Would he have the throats of all those slaveholders cut, or their lives taken, in the last extremity shall refuse to obey the edict of 'politicians' to emancipate their victims? Was slavery established by law or in contempt and defiance of law? Did the courts create it, or recognize it as a system already in existence? What now upholds it but an all-pervading sentiment in the land, that it is compatible with republicanism and christianity? What can overturn it but a mighty moral change in the views, feelings and practices of the people? How shall that change be effected, except by appropriate moral instrumentalities? Does christianity rely upon 'politicians, in any emergency? Is it shorn of its strength when deprived of the elective franchise or the ballot-box? We admit that the moral change, to which we look for the peaceful abolition of slavery, must affect the politics and legislation of the country, and cannot fail of doing so, with special reference to that question; but in no other sense than is the mercury in the tube affected by the state of the weather, or the hands on the dial-plate by the internal machinery of the clock. Politicians may do homage to the progress of reform, when it will be safe for them; and that is all they can do— which is, simply, to 'get out of the way.' It is not their object, and never can be, to do right, for right's sake. The kingdoms to which they belong are of this world; the standard by which they act in public opinion; the principle on which they rely is might, not right; the success which they achieve is through majorities against minorities; the triumph of their party is the end of the law for righteousness. We admit that the moral change, to which we look for the peaceful abolition of slavery, must affect the politics and legislation of the country, and cannot fail of doing so, with special reference to that question; but in no other sense than is the mercury in the tube affected by the state of the weather, or the hands on the dial-plate by the internal machinery of the clock. Politicians may do homage to the progress of reform, when it will be safe for them; and that is all they can do— which is, simply, to 'get out of the way.' It is not their object, and never can be, to do right, for right's sake. The kingdoms to which they belong are of this world; the standard by which they act in public opinion; the principle on which they rely is might, not right; the success which they achieve is through majorities against minorities; the triumph of their party is the end of the law for righteousness. It is singular that the partizans of Mr. Birney for the Presidency should resolve the anti-slavery movement almost exclusively into a political crusade, when he asserts, and has abundantly demonstrated by authentic evidence, that 'The AMERICAN CHURCH is the Bulwark of Slavery.' It proves that they care little or nothing for the testimony of their leader, on a point that is vital. It is equally singular that, while they are denouncing the old organized abolitionists as 'infidels' for bringing the same charge (for they have never brought a stronger one) against the Church, they are eulogizing this distinguished accuser as worthy of all honor as a man and a Christian. It is singular, moreover, that Mr. Birney, with such a view of the Church, and of the necessity of a religious reformation as extensive as the whole country, should approve of a change in the warfare against slavery from moral or religious to political. Does it not show that, after all, he and his supporters regard his charge against the American Church as a rhetorical flourish? Are such men to be trusted as the faithful friends of the slave? Is it safe to let the control of the anti-slavery movement pass into such hands? It is singular that the partizans of Mr. Birney for the Presidency should resolve the anti-slavery movement almost exclusively into a political crusade, when he asserts, and has abundantly demonstrated by authentic evidence, that 'The AMERICAN CHURCH is the Bulwark of Slavery.' It proves that they care little or nothing for the testimony of their leader, on a point that is vital. It is equally singular that, while they are denouncing the old organized abolitionists as 'infidels' for bringing the same charge (for they have never brought a stronger one) against the Church, they are eulogizing this distinguished accuser as worthy of all honor as a man and a Christian. It is singular, moreover, that Mr. Birney, with such a view of the Church, and of the necessity of a religious reformation as extensive as the whole country, should approve of a change in the warfare against slavery from moral or religious to political. Does it not show that, after all, he and his supporters regard his charge against the American Church as a rhetorical flourish? Are such men to be trusted as the faithful friends of the slave? Is it safe to let the control of the anti-slavery movement pass into such hands? Dr. Brisbane says of the new organization, 'I thought it an unwise and inexpedient course to array against the old society, any such opposition. It would have been better, in my opinion, to have held on.' Why has he kept back this declaration to this late hour? He knows that the secession was not made in an amicable spirit, and that the seceders have spared no pains to crush the society from which they withdrew. He has been officially identified with these before the public, without remonstrance or withdrawal, for a long time. So that, as a matter of example his regret at the course pursued by them is demonstrated by his standing aloof from the original body, and acting in company with the seceders! Certainly, he cannot attach any great weight to the charge which he brings against them. We agree with him that their course was 'unwise and inexpedient,' but, from a full knowledge of all the facts in the case, we are constrained to add that it was highly criminal. He still believes that, in seceding, the 'acted from the [ ] conviction that that was the best course to . . . Dr. Brisbane says of the new organization, 'I thought it an unwise and inexpedient course to array against the old society, any such opposition. It would have been better, in my opinion, to have held on.' Why has he kept back this declaration to this late hour? He knows that the secession was not made in an amicable spirit, and that the seceders have spared no pains to crush the society from which they withdrew. He has been officially identified with these before the public, without remonstrance or withdrawal, for a long time. So that, as a matter of example his regret at the course pursued by them is demonstrated by his standing aloof from the original body, and acting in company with the seceders! Certainly, he cannot attach any great weight to the charge which he brings against them. We agree with him that their course was 'unwise and inexpedient,' but, from a full knowledge of all the facts in the case, we are constrained to add that it was highly criminal. He still believes that, in seceding, the 'acted from the [ ] conviction that that was the best course to . . . In the spirit of a genuine political partisan, he claims for that party exemption from censure or condemnation, and somewhat indignantly enters his 'protest against the right (!) of the Society to affirm, as it has done, that the political party which sustains such a man (J.G. Birney) for the Presidency of the United States, is either corrupt or misguided.' The Society will determine for itself what it may lawfully do, without deeming it necessary to consult any particular member of the Liberty party, even though he be as amiable, worthy and intelligent as Dr. Brisbane. Its right to utter its own clear convictions is as unquestionable in regard to one political party as to another. Dr. B. is determined to be regarded as a corrupt, rather than a misguided man, in this matter. Now, a charge against a party, is not a charge against every one of its members; and to allow that a portion of them may be defective in vision, or led in a false direction from no evil intent, is an evidence of charity, not of unkindness. In the spirit of a genuine political partisan, he claims for that party exemption from censure or condemnation, and somewhat indignantly enters his 'protest against the right (!) of the Society to affirm, as it has done, that the political party which sustains such a man (J.G. Birney) for the Presidency of the United States, is either corrupt or misguided.' The Society will determine for itself what it may lawfully do, without deeming it necessary to consult any particular member of the Liberty party, even though he be as amiable, worthy and intelligent as Dr. Brisbane. Its right to utter its own clear convictions is as unquestionable in regard to one political party as to another. Dr. B. is determined to be regarded as a corrupt, rather than a misguided man, in this matter. Now, a charge against a party, is not a charge against every one of its members; and to allow that a portion of them may be defective in vision, or led in a false direction from no evil intent, is an evidence of charity, not of unkindness. We are the author of the resolution, to which Dr. B. alludes. It contained several very serious charges against Mr. Birney, which, if true, should alienate every genuine friend of the cause from his support to the office to which he aspires. If Dr. B. had endeavored to disprove those charges, he would, perhaps, have succeeded in showing that he, could consistently give his political support to Mr. Birney. But they cannot be disproved; and being true, the Society was not only justified in adopting the resolution, but deserves commendation for its fidelity in having done so. We are the author of the resolution, to which Dr. B. alludes. It contained several very serious charges against Mr. Birney, which, if true, should alienate every genuine friend of the cause from his support to the office to which he aspires. If Dr. B. had endeavored to disprove those charges, he would, perhaps, have succeeded in showing that he, could consistently give his political support to Mr. Birney. But they cannot be disproved; and being true, the Society was not only justified in adopting the resolution, but deserves commendation for its fidelity in having done so. If, with all the facts before him, Dr. B. is unable to perceive any thing dishonorable or fraudulent in the transfer of the Emancipator, and seizure of the Anti-Slavery Depository, we can only say that his standard of moral action differs from our own, or that he is blinded by his friendly attachment to the perpetrators of these deeds. We make no other charge of 'corruption' against him, and still prefer to consider him (in the language of the resolution) as misguided. If, with all the facts before him, Dr. B. is unable to perceive any thing dishonorable or fraudulent in the transfer of the Emancipator, and seizure of the Anti-Slavery Depository, we can only say that his standard of moral action differs from our own, or that he is blinded by his friendly attachment to the perpetrators of these deeds. We make no other charge of 'corruption' against him, and still prefer to consider him (in the language of the resolution) as misguided. He makes five charges against the old organization. 'In the first place, its leaders are too much addicted to personal vituperation.' We will not stop to controvert this charge; but, as Dr. Brisbane is a candid man, we desire to know, whether he has seen nothing of a vituperative spirit on the part of new organizationists? If he has not, then, indeed, his vision must be utterly obscured; if he has, then his singling out the former for condemnation, while he says nothing of the latter, except that he is happy to call them his friends, does not exhibit that impartiality of mind which he claims for himself toward both parties. He makes five charges against the old organization. 'In the first place, its leaders are too much addicted to personal vituperation.' We will not stop to controvert this charge; but, as Dr. Brisbane is a candid man, we desire to know, whether he has seen nothing of a vituperative spirit on the part of new organizationists? If he has not, then, indeed, his vision must be utterly obscured; if he has, then his singling out the former for condemnation, while he says nothing of the latter, except that he is happy to call them his friends, does not exhibit that impartiality of mind which he claims for himself toward both parties. 'Secondly, they operate against their own friends' Does he mean to say that the seceders are friendly to the American A.S. Society? They 'acknowledge none to be true-hearted abolitionists, who do not condemn Messrs. Birney, Leavitt, Tappan, &c.' And do the individuals, whose names he recites, acknowledge any of us to be true-hearted abolitionists? Have they not been trying for the last five years to put us down? But Dr. B. either knows, nothing or cares nothing about such conduct on their part. And why? Evidently because his sympathies are entirely with them. Our charge is not more sweeping against the Liberty party than it is against the Whig or Democratic party. There are honest, well-meaning men attached to all these parties. So there are good men entangled and be wildered in the existing church organizations. Nevertheless, these churches and parties are under the guidance of dangerous leaders and corrupt organs; and for this reason we have no confidence in them. 'Secondly, they operate against their own friends' Does he mean to say that the seceders are friendly to the American A.S. Society? They 'acknowledge none to be true-hearted abolitionists, who do not condemn Messrs. Birney, Leavitt, Tappan, &c.' And do the individuals, whose names he recites, acknowledge any of us to be true-hearted abolitionists? Have they not been trying for the last five years to put us down? But Dr. B. either knows, nothing or cares nothing about such conduct on their part. And why? Evidently because his sympathies are entirely with them. Our charge is not more sweeping against the Liberty party than it is against the Whig or Democratic party. There are honest, well-meaning men attached to all these parties. So there are good men entangled and be wildered in the existing church organizations. Nevertheless, these churches and parties are under the guidance of dangerous leaders and corrupt organs; and for this reason we have no confidence in them. 'Thirdly, they pass resolutions, severely condemnatory of men who are pursuing, according to their conscientious judgment, that course which to them seems best calculated to promote the cause of emancipation.' Indeed! And what does this prove? That they who are 'conscientious,' are therefore pursuing a right course? The same charge might be brought, on the same ground, by any Whig or Democrat. 'Thirdly, they pass resolutions, severely condemnatory of men who are pursuing, according to their conscientious judgment, that course which to them seems best calculated to promote the cause of emancipation.' Indeed! And what does this prove? That they who are 'conscientious,' are therefore pursuing a right course? The same charge might be brought, on the same ground, by any Whig or Democrat. 'Fourthly, they discuss and publish a protest, abjuring allegiance to the Constitution of the United . . . ! What treasonable conduct! What criminal forgetfulness of the fact, that allegiance to the Constitution is precisely the same as allegiance to the government of God! that the Union is of heaven, not of men! It is an old saying, that when a dog is to be beaten, it is very easy to find a stick with which to chastise him, but, really, this is the smallest stick we ever saw wielded for that purpose. 'Fourthly, they discuss and publish a protest, abjuring allegiance to the Constitution of the United . . . ! What treasonable conduct! What criminal forgetfulness of the fact, that allegiance to the Constitution is precisely the same as allegiance to the government of God! that the Union is of heaven, not of men! It is an old saying, that when a dog is to be beaten, it is very easy to find a stick with which to chastise him, but, really, this is the smallest stick we ever saw wielded for that purpose. 'Fifthly, they give such a construction to the Constitution of the United States as to make it a pro-slavery document.' A most unpardonable offence, surely! But as it has been committed by every legislative body in the country— by every session of Congress since the adoption of the Constitution— by every judiciary body, including the U.S. Supreme Court— and by all the people, in their construction of that instrument— we are, for once, in a majority. He who is prepared to deny that the Constitution was adopted by a compromise between Liberty and Slavery, and that it intentionally commits the whole country to the support of slavery in any of the States, is in a state of mind which we shall not attempt to enlighten by argument. 'Fifthly, they give such a construction to the Constitution of the United States as to make it a pro-slavery document.' A most unpardonable offence, surely! But as it has been committed by every legislative body in the country— by every session of Congress since the adoption of the Constitution— by every judiciary body, including the U.S. Supreme Court— and by all the people, in their construction of that instrument— we are, for once, in a majority. He who is prepared to deny that the Constitution was adopted by a compromise between Liberty and Slavery, and that it intentionally commits the whole country to the support of slavery in any of the States, is in a state of mind which we shall not attempt to enlighten by argument. Dr. B's final objection, that the friends of the Massachusetts A.S. Society inconsistently appeal to legislative authority under the Constitution, while they repudiate it, is a mere matter of opinion, from which we differ as widely as we do from our friend in his estimate of 'the old and new organizations.' Dr. B's final objection, that the friends of the Massachusetts A.S. Society inconsistently appeal to legislative authority under the Constitution, while they repudiate it, is a mere matter of opinion, from which we differ as widely as we do from our friend in his estimate of 'the old and new organizations.' 

 Read the following SENTENCE OF DEATH for aiding a poor female slave to escape from the oppressive control of a master, ye who are incredulous as to the wickedness of slaveholding legislation, and tell us what you think of it. It was pronounced by a South Carolina Judge under a South Carolina law, and is copied from a New-Orleans paper. It makes the blood curdle with horror, to hear him referring, under such circumstances, to the consolations of the gospel, and promising the attendance of 'the ministers of our holy religion!' Read the following SENTENCE OF DEATH for aiding a poor female slave to escape from the oppressive control of a master, ye who are incredulous as to the wickedness of slaveholding legislation, and tell us what you think of it. It was pronounced by a South Carolina Judge under a South Carolina law, and is copied from a New-Orleans paper. It makes the blood curdle with horror, to hear him referring, under such circumstances, to the consolations of the gospel, and promising the attendance of 'the ministers of our holy religion!'  John L. Brown— It is my duty to announce to you the consequences of the conviction which you heard at Winnsboro', and of the opinion you have just heard read refusing your two fold motion in arrest of judgment for a new trial. You are to die!— die a shameful, ignominious death, the death upon the gallows. This annunciation is to you, I know, most appalling. Little did you dream of it, when you stepped into the bar, with an air, as if you thought it was a fine frolic. But the consequences of crime are just such as you are realizing: punishment often comes when it is least expected. Let me entreat you to take the present opportunity to commence the work of reformation. Time will be afforded to you to prepare for the great change, which may be just before you. John L. Brown John L. Brown — It is my duty to announce to you the consequences of the conviction which you heard at Winnsboro', and of the opinion you have just heard read refusing your two fold motion in arrest of judgment for a new trial. You are to die!— die a shameful, ignominious death, the death upon the gallows. This annunciation is to you, I know, most appalling. Little did you dream of it, when you stepped into the bar, with an air, as if you thought it was a fine frolic. But the consequences of crime are just such as you are realizing: punishment often comes when it is least expected. Let me entreat you to take the present opportunity to commence the work of reformation. Time will be afforded to you to prepare for the great change, which may be just before you. Of your past life I know nothing, except that which your trial furnished. It told me that the crime for which you are now to suffer, was the consequence of a want of attention on your part to the duties of life. The 'strange woman' snared you: she 'flattered with her words,' and you became her victim. The consequence was, that led on by a desire to serve her, you committed the offence of aiding a slave to run away, and depart from her master's service; and you are now to die for it. Of your past life I know nothing, except that which your trial furnished. It told me that the crime for which you are now to suffer, was the consequence of a want of attention on your part to the duties of life. The 'strange woman' snared you: she 'flattered with her words,' and you became her victim. The consequence was, that led on by a desire to serve her, you committed the offence of aiding a slave to run away, and depart from her master's service; and you are now to die for it. You are a young man, and I fear have been an idle, as well as a dissolute one. If so, these kindred vices have contributed a full measure to your ruin. You are a young man, and I fear have been an idle, as well as a dissolute one. If so, these kindred vices have contributed a full measure to your ruin. Reflect upon your past life, and make the only useful devotion of the remnant of your days in preparing for death. Reflect upon your past life, and make the only useful devotion of the remnant of your days in preparing for death. 'Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth,' is the language of inspired wisdom. This comes home appropriately to you, at this trying moment. You are young, quite too young to be where you are; and if you had remembered your Creator in your past days, you would not now be in the felon's place, to receive a felon's judgment. Still, it is not too late to remember your Creator; he calls early, and he calls late— he stretches out the arms of a Father's love to you, to the vilest sinner, and says, 'Come unto me, and be saved.' 'Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth,' is the language of inspired wisdom. This comes home appropriately to you, at this trying moment. You are young, quite too young to be where you are; and if you had remembered your Creator in your past days, you would not now be in the felon's place, to receive a felon's judgment. Still, it is not too late to remember your Creator; he calls early, and he calls late— he stretches out the arms of a Father's love to you, to the vilest sinner, and says, 'Come unto me, and be saved.' You can perhaps read; if you can, read the scriptures— read them without note, and without comment, and pray to God for his assistance, and you will be able to say, when you pass from prison to execution, as a poor slave said, under similar circumstances, 'I am glad my Friday has come.' You can perhaps read; if you can, read the scriptures— read them without note, and without comment, and pray to God for his assistance, and you will be able to say, when you pass from prison to execution, as a poor slave said, under similar circumstances, 'I am glad my Friday has come.' If you cannot read the scriptures, the ministers of our holy religion will be ready to aid you. They will read and explain to you, until you will be able to understand, and understanding, to call upon the only one who can help and save you, Jesus Christ, 'the Lamb of God, who taketh away the sin of the world.' To him I commend you: and through him may you have that opening of the day-spring of mercy from on high, which shall bless you here, and crown you in an everlasting world as a saint, forever and ever. If you cannot read the scriptures, the ministers of our holy religion will be ready to aid you. They will read and explain to you, until you will be able to understand, and understanding, to call upon the only one who can help and save you, Jesus Christ, 'the Lamb of God, who taketh away the sin of the world.' To him I commend you: and through him may you have that opening of the day-spring of mercy from on high, which shall bless you here, and crown you in an everlasting world as a saint, forever and ever. The sentence of the law is, that you be taken hence to the place from whence you last came, thence to the jail of Fairfield District, and that there you be closely and securely confined until Friday, the 26th day of April next, on which day, between the hours of 10 in the forenoon, and 2 in the afternoon, you will be taken to the place of public execution, and there be hanged by the neck till your body be dead; and may God have mercy on your soul. The sentence of the law is, that you be taken hence to the place from whence you last came, thence to the jail of Fairfield District, and that there you be closely and securely confined until Friday, the 26th day of April next, on which day, between the hours of 10 in the forenoon, and 2 in the afternoon, you will be taken to the place of public execution, and there be hanged by the neck till your body be dead; and may God have mercy on your soul. 

 We present our readers with the following Letters, &c. from George Thompson. They are addressed to one of the Secretaries of the Glasgow Emancipation Society: We present our readers with the following Letters, &c. from George Thompson. They are addressed to one of the Secretaries of the Glasgow Emancipation Society: DELHI, Sept. 21, 1843. DELHI, Sept. 21, 1843. MY DEAR FRIEND: MY DEAR FRIEND: As the express is not despatched until to-day, I am able to send you a few extra lines. I enclose you a scrap, showing the workings of the Coolie System in Calcutta. Put it into 'The British Friend,' and blow the trumpet of alarm. As the express is not despatched until to-day, I am able to send you a few extra lines. I enclose you a scrap, showing the workings of the Coolie System in Calcutta. Put it into 'The British Friend,' and blow the trumpet of alarm. The next four months will, I think, produce some new and important political events in this country. An army of about 20,000 men are ordered to assemble immediately near Agra. This force will very likely be employed in the settlement of the affairs of the great State of Gwalior, and perhaps conclude by making it a part of our territory. The Prime Minister at Lahore, the capital of the Punjab, on the other side of the Suttege, has murdered the reigning Prince, Shere Sing, (the son of the famous Runjeet Sing,) and every member of the Royal Family, but one boy of ten years of age, through whom he (Dhyan Sing, the Minister,) intends to rule the country. This event may lead to the mustering of another army on the banks of the Suttege, and to the taking of the whole of the country lying between the Suttege and the Indus, including the beautiful country of Cashmere. Lord Ellenborough will, I am persuaded, lose no opportunity of enlarging our dominions in this country. He is essentially an ambitious and war-loving man, and anxious to build himself up a name, by extending our territory in this part of the world. The next four months will, I think, produce some new and important political events in this country. An army of about 20,000 men are ordered to assemble immediately near Agra. This force will very likely be employed in the settlement of the affairs of the great State of Gwalior, and perhaps conclude by making it a part of our territory. The Prime Minister at Lahore, the capital of the Punjab, on the other side of the Suttege, has murdered the reigning Prince, Shere Sing, (the son of the famous Runjeet Sing,) and every member of the Royal Family, but one boy of ten ten years of age, through whom he (Dhyan Sing, the Minister,) intends to rule the country. This event may lead to the mustering of another army on the banks of the Suttege, and to the taking of the whole of the country lying between the Suttege and the Indus, including the beautiful country of Cashmere. Lord Ellenborough will, I am persuaded, lose no opportunity of enlarging our dominions in this country. He is essentially an ambitious and war-loving man, and anxious to build himself up a name, by extending our territory in this part of the world. I am now recovering the energy I lost as soon as though I had no illness— I felt the effect of the climate upon my mind and body. The cold weather (so called) is now commencing, and I find I can stand and scribble ten hours a day. I am keeping three amanuenses at it just now, assisting me to prepare my case for the King. I long to begin my trip to the hills, from which I expect some pleasure. I am now recovering the energy I lost as soon as though I had no illness— I felt the effect of the climate upon my mind and body. The cold weather (so called) is now commencing, and I find I can stand and scribble ten hours a day. I am keeping three amanuenses at it just now, assisting me to prepare my case for the King. I long to begin my trip to the hills, from which I expect some pleasure. I got my English news (but not my letters) down to the 6th of August, a few days ago, and was much grieved to read the account of the loss of the Pegasus steamer. Poor Mackenzie! Little did he anticipate so melancholy a fate. I got my English news (but not my letters) down to the 6th of August, a few days ago, and was much grieved to read the account of the loss of the Pegasus Pegasus steamer. Poor Mackenzie! Little did he anticipate so melancholy a fate. I must now conclude till next month. Remember me most kindly to Murray, and all friends. And ever believe me, yours affectionately, I must now conclude till next month. Remember me most kindly to Murray, and all friends. And ever believe me, yours affectionately, GEORGE THOMSON. GEORGE THOMSON. 

 The following petition was sent to the Legislature of this State, a few days since. Its object was not to obtain a long array of signatures, (which might easily have been done,) but to bring the servile conduct of Senators Bates and Choate before that body, in a manner not to be evaded without disgrace. If the Legislature shall refuse or neglect to censure those truckling doughfaces, it will deserve as stern a rebuke as they, from the lips of an indignant and insulted people; for this is not a party question. The following petition was sent to the Legislature of this State, a few days since. Its object was not to obtain a long array of signatures, (which might easily have been done,) but to bring the servile conduct of Senators Bates and Choate before that body, in a manner not to be evaded without disgrace. If the Legislature shall refuse or neglect to censure those truckling doughfaces, it will deserve as stern a rebuke as they, from the lips of an indignant and insulted people; for this is not a party question. To the Hon. Senate and House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts: To the Hon. Senate and House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts: To the Hon. Senate and House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts: The memorial of the undersigned respectfully represents, that in common, as they believe, with a vast majority of the people of the State, they feel grieved and mortified at the inadequate manner in which the sentiments of this Commonwealth, as expressed in the unanimous resolutions of the Legislature, on the subject of slavery, are represented in the Senate of the United States. The memorial of the undersigned respectfully represents, that in common, as they believe, with a vast majority of the people of the State, they feel grieved and mortified at the inadequate manner in which the sentiments of this Commonwealth, as expressed in the unanimous resolutions of the Legislature, on the subject of slavery, are represented in the Senate of the United States. Your petitioners are informed that the most injurious imputations were thrown out in the Senate of the United States against this Commonwealth, when the resolutions referred to were presented; that both our Senators sat silent, under them, and that the Senator who presented them thought it necessary to accompany them with his formal protest against the doctrine which they contained, and a virtual apology and exculpation for his own agency in the matter. The resolves of this State were, in short, presented in what your petitioners view a spirit of faltering timidity, which has robbed them of half their moral value. Your petitioners are informed that the most injurious imputations were thrown out in the Senate of the United States against this Commonwealth, when the resolutions referred to were presented; that both our Senators sat silent, under them, and that the Senator who presented them thought it necessary to accompany them with his formal protest against the doctrine which they contained, and a virtual apology and exculpation for his own agency in the matter. The resolves of this State were, in short, presented in what your petitioners view a spirit of faltering timidity, which has robbed them of half their moral value. Wherefore, your petitioners respectfully pray that the Legislature would, by the passage of suitable resolutions or otherwise, admonish our Senators in Congress, that they are expected to second in good faith, with true courage, and their whole personal influence, the moral stand this Commonwealth has taken against the common curse and degradation of the whole country, or to give place to others, who better understand, and have the boldness and decision to carry out, the unalterable sentiments of Massachusetts. Wherefore, your petitioners respectfully pray that the Legislature would, by the passage of suitable resolutions or otherwise, admonish our Senators in Congress, that they are expected to second in good faith, with true courage, and their whole personal influence, the moral stand this Commonwealth has taken against the common curse and degradation of the whole country, or to give place to others, who better understand, and have the boldness and decision to carry out, the unalterable sentiments of Massachusetts. Francis Jackson, Ellis Gray Loring, John G. King, Edmund Jackson, Perez Gill, H.I. Bowditch, Henry W. Williams, Bela Marsh, Ira Greenwood, William Dall, John Rogers, Charles Roath, John L. Emmery, Wm. H. Nye, J.B. Yerrinton, James Jackson, Francis George Shaw, Charles Ellis, James Tolman, Wm. Thomas, Samuel Downer, Jr., Goodhue Ambrose, J. Davis, George Jackson. Francis Jackson, Ellis Gray Loring, John G. King, Edmund Jackson, Perez Gill, H.I. Bowditch, Henry W. Williams, Bela Marsh, Ira Greenwood, William Dall, John Rogers, Charles Roath, John L. Emmery, Wm. H. Nye, J.B. Yerrinton, James Jackson, Francis George Shaw, Charles Ellis, James Tolman, Wm. Thomas, Samuel Downer, Jr., Goodhue Ambrose, J. Davis, George Jackson. Mr. Saltonatall, of Salem, moved to lay this petition on the table, which motion was negatived: yeas 58, nays 92. Mr. Saltonatall, of Salem, moved to lay this petition on the table, which motion was negatived: yeas 58, nays 92. It was then referred to the special committee on the subject of slavery, and, on motion of Mr. Richardson, of Woburn, was ordered to be printed. It was then referred to the special committee on the subject of slavery, and, on motion of Mr. Richardson, of Woburn, was ordered to be printed. 

 MY DEAR FRIEND: MY DEAR FRIEND: It is within three days of the time fixed for the despatch of the mail from Delhi, and as I do not wish to neglect any opportunity of writing you, I commence a letter. It is within three days of the time fixed for the despatch of the mail from Delhi, and as I do not wish to neglect any opportunity of writing you, I commence a letter. On my way up from Calcutta to this place, I spent my time at the Bungalows in which I halted, as well as at Allahabad, where I spent ten days in writing to my friends at home. I sent you two very long letters, and, at the time of closing them, flattered myself they would prove the most interesting I had written you. These you should have received early in September; but with all the rest I sent, they were lost on board the Memnon steam-packet in the Red Sea. My next letters to you would be also a month behind their time, owing to the steamer having to put back for coals. Well, here I am, still fixed at Delhi. I did not anticipate so long a stay, but there have been several causes. 1st, I was detained several weeks by a correspondence with the Government. 2d, The work I have had to do has been much greater than I expected. 3d, The King was for some time ill, which suspended some business; and lastly, the habits of the people at native courts are most dilatory and procrastinating. My detention, however, has not been a disagreeable or unprofitable one. I have read and written a good deal— seen much of this neighborhood— had a great deal of intercourse with native society— and have studied one of the most interesting chapters of our history in India, in connection with the Royal Family of Delhi. Within the last three weeks, I have had an attack of fever, which brought me very low, and I am even now feeling its effects. The weather is, however, getting much cooler, and I hope not only to escape any further attack, but to enjoy the remainder of my stay in India very much, as this is the beginning of the pleasantest part of the year. On my way up from Calcutta to this place, I spent my time at the Bungalows in which I halted, as well as at Allahabad, where I spent ten days in writing to my friends at home. I sent you you two very long letters, and, at the time of closing them, flattered myself they would prove the most interesting I had written you. These you should have received early in September; but with all the rest I sent, they were lost on board the Memnon Memnon steam-packet in the Red Sea. My next letters to you would be also a month behind their time, owing to the steamer having to put back for coals. Well, here I am, still fixed at Delhi. I did not anticipate so long a stay, but there have been several causes. 1st, I was detained several weeks by a correspondence with the Government. 2d, The work I have had to do has been much greater than I expected. 3d, The King was for some time ill, which suspended some business; and lastly, the habits of the people at native courts are most dilatory and procrastinating. My detention, however, has not been a disagreeable or unprofitable one. I have read and written a good deal— seen much of this neighborhood— had a great deal of intercourse with native society— and have studied one of the most interesting chapters of our history in India, in connection with the Royal Family of Delhi. Within the last three weeks, I have had an attack of fever, which brought me very low, and I am even now feeling its effects. The weather is, however, getting much cooler, and I hope not only to escape any further attack, but to enjoy the remainder of my stay in India very much, as this is the beginning of the pleasantest part of the year. I have received Nos. 6 and 7 of The British Friend, since I last wrote you, and have much enjoyed the perusal of them. From Richard Webb, of Dublin, I got a long letter, giving me a full account of the London Anti-Slavery Convention, and many other things. Communications from England are truly refreshing here in the very heart of India. H.C. Wright paid a visit to my dear wife and children at Lewes. I wonder he has not given me a letter since he has been in England. I hear you invited him to the annual meeting of the Glasgow Emancipation Society, (now long over.) I am anxious to see some account of it, and hope you have not omitted to send me the papers. I trust to be permitted to be with you at your next anniversary. I shall then only have been absent from two— once when I was in America, and once while here. I have received Nos. 6 and 7 of The British Friend, since I last wrote you, and have much enjoyed the perusal of them. From Richard Webb, of Dublin, I got a long letter, giving me a full account of the London Anti-Slavery Convention, and many other things. Communications from England are truly refreshing here in the very heart of India. H.C. Wright paid a visit to my dear wife and children at Lewes. I wonder he has not given me a letter since he has been in England. I hear you invited him to the annual meeting of the Glasgow Emancipation Society, (now long over.) I am anxious to see some account of it, and hope you have not omitted to send me the papers. I trust to be permitted to be with you at your next anniversary. I shall then only have been absent from two— once when I was in America, and once while here. I have now made up my mind to leave by the steamer Bentinck, from Calcutta, on the 14th of December, to be home early in February. As soon as my business is wound up here, I shall take a run up to the Hymalayahs and down again, and then proceed to Calcutta by way of Agra. Dwarkanauth is on his way to me, and will, I dare say, return with me. I have really little to tell you this month, and feel in the worst possible mood for letter-writing. If I can think of any thing else, I will take another sheet. Yours ever, most truly, I have now made up my mind to leave by the steamer Bentinck, Bentinck, from Calcutta, on the 14th of December, to be home early in February. As soon as my business is wound up here, I shall take a run up to the Hymalayahs and down again, and then proceed to Calcutta by way of Agra. Dwarkanauth is on his way to me, and will, I dare say, return with me. I have really little to tell you this month, and feel in the worst possible mood for letter-writing. If I can think of any thing else, I will take another sheet. Yours ever, most truly, GEORGE THOMPSON. GEORGE THOMPSON. P.S. I send along with this, a few lines intended for the last express, which proved to be too late. Since that was written, there have been so many murders in the Punjab, that scarcely any distinguished native chief is left alive. There is little doubt that some party in the State will make an appeal to the British government, and then our troops will at once take possession of the country. In the Friend of India, which I send, you will find some articles worth notice. P.S. I send along with this, a few lines intended for the last express, which proved to be too late. Since that was written, there have been so many murders in the Punjab, that scarcely any distinguished native chief is left alive. There is little doubt that some party in the State will make an appeal to the British government, and then our troops will at once take possession of the country. In the Friend of India, which I send, you will find some articles worth notice. 

 WOOLWICH, (England,) 1st mo. 29th, 1844. WOOLWICH, (England,) 1st mo. 29th, 1844. MY DEAR FRIEND, W.L. GARRISON: MY DEAR FRIEND, W.L. GARRISON: It is a very long time since I addressed thee; but do not hence infer that my interest in the great cause, to which thou hast devoted thyself, is in the least degree lessened. Far from it. The events of the last two years have done to enhance my value of those principles, on which the American Anti-Slavery Society is based, and to confirm my opinion that they are the only principles that can render any society efficient for the overthrow of any particular form of moral evil. It is often matter of grief to me, to see men who are really disposed to do good, spending their time and talents in building up societies on the old wall of sectarianism. They must sooner or later abandon this, and dig their foundation deep into the ground of our common humanity. Then, and not till then, shall we have superstructures stable enough to withstand the wintry storm of persecution. It is a very long time since I addressed thee; but do not hence infer that my interest in the great cause, to which thou hast devoted thyself, is in the least degree lessened. Far from it. The events of the last two years have done to enhance my value of those principles, on which the American Anti-Slavery Society is based, and to confirm my opinion that they are the only principles that can render any society efficient for the overthrow of any particular form of moral evil. It is often matter of grief to me, to see men who are really disposed to do good, spending their time and talents in building up societies on the old wall of sectarianism. They must sooner or later abandon this, and dig their foundation deep into the ground of our common humanity. Then, and not till then, shall we have superstructures stable enough to withstand the wintry storm of persecution. Thou art aware, that there is much in what are called the religious institutions of this country, to induce this train of thought; and it has been particularly brought before my mind, lately, by the course pursued towards a talented and laborious advocate of the cause of peace on earth. I refer to JOSEPH BARKER, of Newcastle on Tyne. We have a long article in the 'Peace Advocate,' informing us that the editors do not approve of the views held by J.B. on the atonement and some other doctrinals. I think I hear thee exclaim, 'What has this to do with persuading men not to kill each other?' Ah! Mr. Garrison, I ask that question again and again; and the very depths of my soul are stirred within me, to see those whose minds are satisfied with a mere common-belief in what is called orthodoxy— thrust aside a man whose whole spirit and life is a practical exemplification of faith in Christ, and obedience to his precepts— thrust aside such a man as J.B. merely because his present doctrinal views are unpopular— and so might scare the bigotted or timid from the cause of peace! For though we may believe J. B.'s views on such points to be ever so wrong, this ought not to exclude him from the peace platform. Thou art aware, that there is much in what are called the religious institutions of this country, to induce this train of thought; and it has been particularly brought before my mind, lately, by the course pursued towards a talented and laborious advocate of the cause of peace on earth. I refer to JOSEPH BARKER, of Newcastle on Tyne. We have a long article in the 'Peace Advocate,' informing us that the editors do not approve of the views held by J.B. on the atonement and some other doctrinals. I think I hear thee exclaim, 'What has this to do with persuading men not to kill each other?' Ah! Mr. Garrison, I ask that question again and again; and the very depths of my soul are stirred within me, to see those whose minds are satisfied with a mere common-belief in what is called orthodoxy— thrust aside a man whose whole spirit and life is a practical exemplification of faith in Christ, and obedience to his precepts— thrust aside such a man as J.B. merely because his present doctrinal views are unpopular— and so might scare the bigotted or timid from the cause of peace! For though we may believe J. B.'s views on such points to be ever so wrong, this ought not to exclude him from the peace peace platform. It appears to me that this is Satan's device for gaining time. He is deluding even good sort of people to think that the Demon of War, enshrined in what is called the Temple of God, is not of so much importance as the 'soundness or unsoundness' (terms which, by the way, I much dislike) of the doctrinal opinions of those who attempt his overthrow. It has become almost a 'Test Act' amongst the religionists here— 'Are you a Uni, or a Trinitarian?' Now, Mr. Garrison, I am not a Unitarian; but, at present, unite most fully with the sentiments of our beloved friend H.C. Wright. 'Either Christ was God, or he was an impostor.' Yet, from the bottom of my soul, I do loathe and abhor that spirit which refuses to co-operate with them for the promotion of the common good. It appears to me that this is Satan's device for gaining time. He is deluding even good sort of people to think that the Demon of War, enshrined in what is called the Temple of God, is not of so much importance as the 'soundness or unsoundness' (terms which, by the way, I much dislike) of the doctrinal opinions of those who attempt his overthrow. It has become almost a 'Test Act' amongst the religionists here— 'Are you a Uni Uni , or a Trini Trini tarian?' Now, Mr. Garrison, I am not a Unitarian; but, at present, unite most fully with the sentiments of our beloved friend H.C. Wright. 'Either Christ was God, or he was an impostor.' Yet, from the bottom of my soul, I do loathe and abhor that spirit which refuses to co-operate with them for the promotion of the common good. We have it urged, in extenuation of such conduct, ah! 'the whole is greater than a part.' The whole of orthodox theology greater than practical obedience to Christ's commands! Now, what has the orthodox theology of the last eighteen centuries done towards the promotion of Christ's kingdom on earth? Nothing— absolutely nothing. But it has lulled sinners to sleep in their sins, and helped to fill the pockets of a hireling clergy. Ah! when will the doctrine of individual responsibility to God be fully understood, and acted out by professors of Christianity? He alone, who knoweth the difficulties of the human mind in its search after truth— He alone has authority to approve or condemn. We have it urged, in extenuation of such conduct, ah! 'the whole is greater than a part.' The whole of orthodox theology greater greater than practical obedience to Christ's commands! Now, what has the orthodox theology of the last eighteen centuries done towards the promotion of Christ's kingdom on earth? Nothing Nothing — absolutely nothing nothing . But it has has lulled sinners to sleep in their sins, and helped to fill the pockets of a hireling clergy. Ah! when will the doctrine of individual responsibility to God be fully understood, and acted out by professors of Christianity? He alone, who knoweth the difficulties of the human mind in its search after truth— He alone alone has authority to approve or condemn. It has sometimes appeared to me that Truth is comparable to the sun. We fix our gaze on one or other of its rays, and trace it towards its source, as far as we can see; but becoming dazzled, we are blind for a season. Opening our eyes again, we trace another and another ray, by the same gradual process— still unable to see them meet, blend and harmonize in the great source of light and heat,' yet we believe that they do meet there, and use our belief for practical purposes. Even so is the mental eye dazzled in the attempt to gaze on the full refulgence of Truth. But shall I bind my brother hand and foot, until I see how his ray of light will join or blend with mine? Rather let us, in the active hopefulness of true humility, believe that in the progress of our being, God will strengthen all who love to trace the way, to look steadily at the glorious centre which hath ever beamed forth towards man the one truth, 'God is love.' It has sometimes appeared to me that Truth Truth is comparable to the sun. We fix our gaze on one or other of its rays, and trace it towards its source, as far as we can see; as far as we can see; but becoming dazzled, we are blind for a season. Opening our eyes again, we trace another and another ray, by the same gradual process— still unable to see them meet, blend and harmonize in the great source of light and heat,' yet we believe that they do meet there, and use our belief for practical purposes. Even so is the mental eye dazzled in the attempt to gaze on the full refulgence of Truth. But shall I bind my brother hand and foot, until I see how his ray of light will join or blend with mine? Rather let us, in the active hopefulness of true humility, believe that in the progress of our being, God will strengthen all who love to trace the way, to look steadily at the glorious centre which hath ever beamed forth towards man the one truth one truth , 'God is love.' But I must not conclude, without expressing my earnest hope that your little band will not relax their efforts to promote the spread of non-resistance principles. If we help you to abolish American slavery, you must help us to abolish the war system of our country. As I walk about this military town, I see the identification of the non-resistance principle with Christianity more clearly than ever. Oh, that all who contend for the support of human governments were here, that they might judge of this supposed duty by its priests! Almost the whole people are hired out to do as government bids them. They make instruments of death, and teach other how to use them. The professor of the christian religion bows down to military rank and title; the hired perpetrator of wholesale murder is held in high esteem; while the poor man, who steals a sheep, or some such thing, is sent laden with contempt and cruelty on board a convict ship, which these Christians (?) build. Yet, so far as I am informed, not one of the paid parsons in the parish has the least controversy with these things; and the poor deluded people flock by hundreds, on a Sunday, to listen to these men, instead of hearkening to the true Teacher, who leadeth out of all manner of evil, and saith, 'Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye can in no wise enter the kingdom of God.' Here is a frightful but affecting picture of the state of things in their Gazette— proposals for building churches, and preparations for killing human beings— an account of a sermon preached for the benefit of the heathen, in a State church close to the gates of the arsenal, where they keep the cannons and shot wherewith to kill these same poor heathen whenever it is deemed desirable to extend the empire of our 'most gracious Queen.' And all this is jumbled together, without the least allusion to its incongruity. More than ever, if possible, am I convinced that we cannot as Christians uphold any of the existing governments of this world, in as much as they are anti-christian in their first principles. To choose whom we will serve is our only alternative— for we cannot serve Him who calls us to an unlimited forgiveness of trespasses, and at the same time arm others with the same power to take the life or liberty of our fellow sinners. Christ calls us to truth, in an ever-present God for protection. Human governments say, 'Give us the money, and we will lay in a store of powder, and ball, and cannon, and swords enough to kill all you may at any time feel afraid of.' Can we serve these two masters? Or consistently receive any of the pay, protection or honor proffered by such a confederacy? It appears to me that we are called to an utter renunciation of every form of its protection, pay, or honor— merely to use our influence as citizens as a means of ameliorating the condition of the poor, and to steadily refuse and despise government pay, protection and honor. But I must not conclude, without expressing my earnest hope that your little band will not relax their efforts to promote the spread of non-resistance principles. If we help you to abolish American slavery, you must help us to abolish the war system of our country. As I walk about this military town, I see the identification of the non-resistance principle with Christianity more clearly than ever. Oh, that all who contend for the support of human governments were here, that they might judge of this supposed duty by its priests! Almost the whole people are hired out to do as government bids them. They make instruments of death, and teach other how to use them. The professor of the christian religion bows down to military rank and title; the hired perpetrator of wholesale murder is held in high esteem; while the poor man, who steals a sheep, or some such thing, is sent laden with contempt and cruelty on board a convict ship, which these Christians (?) build. Yet, so far as I am informed, not one of the paid parsons in the parish has the least controversy with these things; and the poor deluded people flock by hundreds, on a Sunday, to listen to these men, instead of hearkening to the true Teacher, who leadeth out of all manner of evil, and saith, 'Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye can in no wise enter the kingdom of God.' Here is a frightful but affecting picture of the state of things in their Gazette— proposals for building churches, and preparations for killing human beings— an account of a sermon preached for the benefit of the heathen, in a State church close to the gates of the arsenal, where they keep the cannons and shot wherewith to kill these same poor heathen whenever it is deemed desirable to extend the empire of our 'most gracious Queen.' And all this is jumbled together, without the least allusion to its incongruity. More than ever, if possible, am I convinced that we cannot as Christians uphold any of the existing governments of this world, in as much as they are anti-christian in their first principles. To choose whom we will serve is our only alternative— for we cannot cannot serve Him who calls us to an unlimited forgiveness of trespasses, and at the same time arm others with the same power to take the life or liberty of our fellow sinners. Christ calls us to truth, in an ever-present God for protection. Human governments say, 'Give us the money, and we will lay in a store of powder, and ball, and cannon, and swords enough to kill all you may at any time feel afraid of.' Can we serve these two masters? Or consistently receive any of the pay, protection or honor proffered by such a confederacy? It appears to me that we are called to an utter renunciation of every form of its protection, pay, or honor— merely to use our influence as citizens as a means of ameliorating the condition of the poor, and to steadily refuse and despise government pay, protection and honor. Since writing thee last, I have been privileged to meet thy dear friend H.C. Wright. He spent a week with us last summer at the sea-side, in company with your friend AMASA WALKER. The latter was so ill at that time, that we had but very little of his society; indeed, he only staid a few days, but Henry a week. Thou who hast been to England, and met ELIZABETH PEASE, with whose noble spirit thou hadst so long had sympathy and communion— thou canst form an idea of what a week that was to me. I had long loved H.C.W. for his writings' sake; but to look in his face, and hear him talk about our relation to God and Man— Time and Eternity. So made his close walking with God, combined with untiring activity for the good of men.— Oh! I do feel that that week has added much to my responsibilities; for in Henry I have seen what I consider to be a model of Christian character. One meets plenty good people, who so firmly believe that they are living Christians, that they are afraid to speak or move, lest any manifestation of spiritual life should kill them; and plenty of automatons, whose activity one does not wish to imitate. But to neither of these classes does our dear friend belong. You will all have been concerned to hear of the very poor state of his health, and that it has been considered advisable for him to spend the winter in Germany. The last accounts were from Liepsig, where they had arrived safely and in tolerable health. We are feeling very anxious to hear what the effect of Hydropathy is on Henry. Since writing thee last, I have been privileged to meet thy dear friend H.C. Wright. He spent a week with us last summer at the sea-side, in company with your friend AMASA WALKER. The latter was so ill at that time, that we had but very little of his society; indeed, he only staid a few days, but Henry a week. Thou who hast been to England, and met ELIZABETH PEASE, with whose noble spirit thou hadst so long had sympathy and communion— thou canst form an idea of what a week that was to me. I had long loved H.C.W. for his writings' sake; but to look in his face, and hear him talk about our relation to God and Man— Time and Eternity. So made his close walking with God, combined with untiring activity for the good of men.— Oh! I do feel that that week has added much to my responsibilities; for in Henry I have seen what I consider to be a model of Christian character. One meets plenty good people, who so firmly believe that they are living Christians, that they are afraid to speak or move, lest any manifestation of spiritual life should kill them; and plenty of automatons, whose activity one does not wish to imitate. But to neither of these classes does our dear friend belong. You will all have been concerned to hear of the very poor state of his health, and that it has been considered advisable for him to spend the winter in Germany. The last accounts were from Liepsig, where they had arrived safely and in tolerable health. We are feeling very anxious to hear what the effect of Hydropathy is on Henry. Accept my love, with the earnest desire that thou mayest, through the rest of thy pilgrimage here, be preserved in that faith of God, which casteth out the fear of man. Accept my love, with the earnest desire that thou mayest, through the rest of thy pilgrimage here, be preserved in that faith of God, which casteth out the fear of man. Thine, affectionately, Thine, affectionately, MARY A. MARTIN. MARY A. MARTIN. 

 MY DEAR FRIENDS: MY DEAR FRIENDS: I should, I believe, be neglecting a solemn duty, if I did not address you in reference to the infamous traffic in the natives of India, at present carried on between the ports of Calcutta and Madras, and the island of Mauritius. As far as I am acquainted with the facts connected with the shipments made from the former place, I think I am justified in saying, that the system is, in many of its features, a system resembling the slave trade; and I am fully convinced that in all its parts, it is defective, inefficient, and objectionable. It is called a system of 'free emigration,' and it is pretended that a sufficient degree of supervision is exercised to prevent flagrant abuses. The facts which accompany this letter, will prove that such is not the case. I should, I believe, be neglecting a solemn duty, if I did not address you in reference to the infamous traffic in the natives of India, at present carried on between the ports of Calcutta and Madras, and the island of Mauritius. As far as I am acquainted with the facts connected with the shipments made from the former place, I think I am justified in saying, that the system is, in many of its features, a system resembling the slave trade; slave trade; and I am fully convinced that in all its parts, it is defective, inefficient, and objectionable. It is called a system of ' free emigration free emigration ,' and it is pretended that a sufficient degree of supervision is exercised to prevent flagrant abuses. The facts which accompany this letter, will prove that such is not the case. You are aware that the system of exporting the natives of India to Mauritius, was revived by the COLONIAL PASSENGERS' BILL. The measure was successfully opposed when brought forward by Lord John Russell; but was carried last year by Lord Stanley. When the clauses of that bill affecting India were submitted to the East India body for their sanction, I stood up and denounced them, venturing, at the time, to predict, that notwithstanding the appointment of certain persons called Protectors, the same atrocities would be perpetrated under the new as under the former regulations. I did not then expect that I should write from India for the purpose of furnishing the proof of the truth of my own prognostications. The first cargo of Indians shipped to Mauritius under the new act, passed me in January last, as I was ascending the Hoogly on my way to Calcutta; and for two months there was a brisk trade, owing to the large number of natives that had been collected at Calcutta, in anticipation of the arrival of the order to ship. I did all in my power to obtain information respecting the manner in which the natives were enlisted— the sums paid to them by the Crimping Agents of the merchant-houses of Calcutta— the expectations raised respecting the prospects of the natives in Mauritius— and the actual circumstances in which they were landed on the island. I learnt enough to satisfy my mind that the duffadars, or low crimps, sent out to collect the natives, were little better than kidnappers; and that on reaching the island of Mauritius, the emigrants had no choice of masters, but were consigned to the planters who had sent written instructions to their agency houses in Calcutta. Knowing that the system itself could only be put down by the people and government at home, I drew up, with the assistance of a highly intelligent gentleman, fully conversant with the practical workings of the system, a Memorial to the Bengal government, pointing out the abuses connected with the trade, both in India and Mauritius, and suggesting a scheme for their effectual prevention. This Memorial was unanimously adopted by the Landholders' Society, and duly forwarded to the government. Of the Memorial I have heard nothing: but since I left Calcutta, I have been continually reading in the papers accounts of the monstrous and cruel frauds practised by the miscreants who are employed to roam over the face of the country, for the purpose of entrapping the inhabitants of the village by the most lying representatives and . . . I received a paper containing an account, so horrible in its details, of a wholesale robbery and shipment of men and women, that I should immediately have written you on the subject, but I was prostrated by sickness, and could do no more than send the paper to your Secretary. The narrative then sent has been proved, subsequently, to be worthy of all its main statements. I now enclose you a letter from the respectable gentleman, through whose instrumentality the iniquity was brought to light. I hope you will give it the widest possible publicity. It is of itself sufficient to justify measures for the utter extinction of the atrocious system. Let it be remembered that all the wretched beings on board the vessel had passed their examination at the Government Shipping Office, where it is the duty of the officers to question them on every point relating to their country, language, family, expectations, the means used to induce them to emigrate, &c. &c. I send you also an extract from the Hurkaru, of the 16th of this month, from which you will gather that the trade is still carried on with 'unabated zeal,' and that Calcutta itself has prison houses not a whit better than the slave marts of Cairo, Constantinople, or Washington. I need write no comments on these documents, neither need I suggest the measures you should adopt. I know you will do all that is necessary to inform and arouse the people of Great Britain. I shall follow this letter in a month, and be prepared to give you much additional information. In the mean time, I feel confident you will not be inactive. I send the copy of a letter I have published here, and which will be reprinted in Calcutta. I believe the local Government of Bengal will interfere; but nothing will be so effectual as a voice from England. Yours faithfully, You are aware that the system of exporting the natives of India to Mauritius, was revived by the COLONIAL PASSENGERS' BILL. The measure was successfully opposed when brought forward by Lord John Russell; but was carried last year by Lord Stanley. When the clauses of that bill affecting India were submitted to the East India body for their sanction, I stood up and denounced them, venturing, at the time, to predict, that notwithstanding the appointment of certain persons called Protectors Protectors , the same atrocities would be perpetrated under the new as under the former regulations. I did not then expect that I should write from India for the purpose of furnishing the proof of the truth of my own prognostications. The first cargo of Indians shipped to Mauritius under the new act, passed me in January last, as I was ascending the Hoogly on my way to Calcutta; and for two months there was a brisk trade, owing to the large number of natives that had been collected at Calcutta, in anticipation of the arrival of the order to ship. I did all in my power to obtain information respecting the manner in which the natives were enlisted— the sums paid to them by the Crimping Agents of the merchant-houses of Calcutta— the expectations raised respecting the prospects of the natives in Mauritius— and the actual circumstances in which they were landed on the island. I learnt enough to satisfy my mind that the duffadars duffadars , or low crimps, sent out to collect the natives, were little better than kidnappers; and that on reaching the island of Mauritius, the emigrants had no choice of masters, but were consigned to the planters who had sent written instructions to their agency houses in Calcutta. Knowing that the system itself could only be put down by the people and government at home, I drew up, with the assistance of a highly intelligent gentleman, fully conversant with the practical workings of the system, a Memorial to the Bengal government, pointing out the abuses connected with the trade, both in India and Mauritius, and suggesting a scheme for their effectual prevention. This Memorial was unanimously adopted by the Landholders' Society, and duly forwarded to the government. Of the Memorial I have heard nothing: but since I left Calcutta, I have been continually reading in the papers accounts of the monstrous and cruel frauds practised by the miscreants who are employed to roam over the face of the country, for the purpose of entrapping the inhabitants of the village by the most lying representatives and . . . I received a paper containing an account, so horrible in its details, of a wholesale robbery and shipment of men and women, that I should immediately have written you on the subject, but I was prostrated by sickness, and could do no more than send the paper to your Secretary. The narrative then sent has been proved, subsequently, to be worthy of all its main statements. I now enclose you a letter from the respectable gentleman, through whose instrumentality the iniquity was brought to light. I hope you will give it the widest possible publicity. It is of itself sufficient to justify measures for the utter extinction of the atrocious system. Let it be remembered that all the wretched beings on board the vessel had passed their examination at the Government Shipping Office, where it is the duty of the officers to question them on every point relating to their country, language, family, expectations, the means used to induce them to emigrate, &c. &c. I send you also an extract from the Hurkaru Hurkaru , of the 16th of this month, from which you will gather that the trade is still carried on with ' unabated zeal unabated zeal ,' and that Calcutta itself has prison houses not a whit better than the slave marts of Cairo, Constantinople, or Washington. I need write no comments on these documents, neither need I suggest the measures you should adopt. I know you will do all that is necessary to inform and arouse the people of Great Britain. I shall follow this letter in a month, and be prepared to give you much additional information. In the mean time, I feel confident you will not be inactive. I send the copy of a letter I have published here, and which will be reprinted in Calcutta. I believe the local Government of Bengal will interfere; but nothing will be so effectual as a voice from England. Yours faithfully, GEORGE THOMPSON. GEORGE THOMPSON. 

 All the Conventions which last two days will begin at 1 o'clock, P.M. of the day first named. Where only one day is named, they will commence at 10 A.M. All the Conventions which last two days will begin at 1 o'clock, P.M. of the day first named. Where only one day is named, they will commence at 10 A.M. Conventions in Plymouth and Barnstable counties will be attended by S.S. Foster, Charles L. Remond, and J.M. Spear, and will take place as follows: Conventions in Plymouth Plymouth and Barnstable Barnstable counties will be attended by S.S. Foster, Charles L. Remond, and J.M. Spear, and will take place as follows: Duxbury— Friday and Saturday, March 1st and 2d. Duxbury— Friday and Saturday, March 1st and 2d. Plymouth— Monday and Tuesday, 4th and 5th. Plymouth— Monday and Tuesday, 4th and 5th. Sandwich— Thursday and Friday, 7th and 8th. Sandwich— Thursday and Friday, 7th and 8th. Hyannis— Saturday, 9th. Hyannis— Saturday, 9th. Dennis— Monday and Tuesday, 11th and 12th. Dennis— Monday and Tuesday, 11th and 12th. Orleans— Wednesday and Thursday, 13th and 14th. Orleans— Wednesday and Thursday, 13th and 14th. Barnstable— Saturday, 16th. Barnstable— Saturday, 16th. Wareham— Tuesday, 19th. Wareham— Tuesday, 19th. After which, the samd eloquent advocates of the slave's cause will make a tour through Bristol, and then through Essex county. After which, the samd eloquent advocates of the slave's cause will make a tour through Bristol, and then through Essex county. 

 AGRA, Nov. 15, 1843. AGRA, Nov. 15, 1843. MY DEAR FRIEND: MY DEAR FRIEND: Since the enclosed was written, I have come hither. I left Delhi on the 7th, and arrived here on the 10th, where I met Dwarkanauth, and have since been seeing with him the wonders of this neighborhood, which abounds, like Delhi, in edifices in all stages of decay, and possesses, besides, in good preservation, several of the finest buildings in the world, an account of which I must postpone till we meet. I send some papers with additional affirmations on the Coolie question, and will bring with me much more. I saw some account of your annual meeting in one of my Calcutta papers, and read with much pleasure the speech of Dr. Burns. I have taken my passage by the Bentinck, and hope to reach London from the 10th to 15th of February. I leave this city this evening, and go to Calcutta direct, with the exception of a twenty-four hours' halt at Benares. I shall reach Calcutta on the 1st of December, and sail on the 15th. My affectionate remembrance to Mr. Murray, and all other friends. In haste. Yours ever, affectionately, Since the enclosed was written, I have come hither. I left Delhi on the 7th, and arrived here on the 10th, where I met Dwarkanauth, and have since been seeing with him the wonders of this neighborhood, which abounds, like Delhi, in edifices in all stages of decay, and possesses, besides, in good preservation, several of the finest buildings in the world, an account of which I must postpone till we meet. I send some papers with additional affirmations on the Coolie question, and will bring with me much more. I saw some account of your annual meeting in one of my Calcutta papers, and read with much pleasure the speech of Dr. Burns. I have taken my passage by the Bentinck Bentinck , and hope to reach London from the 10th to 15th of February. I leave this city this evening, and go to Calcutta direct, with the exception of a twenty-four hours' halt at Benares. I shall reach Calcutta on the 1st of December, and sail on the 15th. My affectionate remembrance to Mr. Murray, and all other friends. In haste. Yours ever, affectionately, GEORGE THOMPSON. GEORGE THOMPSON. 

 Conventions in Middlesex and Norfolk will be attended be Parker Pillsbury, Frederick Douglass, and Wm. A. White; and will take place as follows: Conventions in Middlesex Middlesex and Norfolk Norfolk will be attended be Parker Pillsbury, Frederick Douglass, and Wm. A. White; and will take place as follows: Bedford— Friday and Saturday, March 1st and 2d. Bedford— Friday and Saturday, March 1st and 2d. Sudbury— Monday and Tuesday, 4th and 5th. Sudbury— Monday and Tuesday, 4th and 5th. Framingham— Wednesday and Thursday, 6th and 7th. Framingham— Wednesday and Thursday, 6th and 7th. Needham— Friday, 8th. Needham— Friday, 8th. Medford— Monday, 11th. Medford— Monday, 11th. Waltham— Wednesday and Thursday, 13th and 14th. Waltham— Wednesday and Thursday, 13th and 14th. Othes appointments in Norfolk county will be made in future papers. Othes appointments in Norfolk county will be made in future papers. 

 Mr. CHARLES C. BURLEIGH, of Philadelphia, last Sunday evening, delivered an address to a crowded auditory, in the vestry of the Unitarian meeting-house, in this town, on the American slave system; and truly it was an address that will live long in the memories of those who heard it. It is difficult to determine whether to commend it most for its apt illustrations and sound logic, or for the speaker's energetic and impassioned manner of delivery. He added simplicity of expression to grandeur of thought; the burning eloquence of a soul pleading a great cause, to the closest, most conclusive and triumphant reasoning. Nerved for the contest by the righteousness of his cause and the aggravated suffering of three millions of fellow beings, he bore down upon his adversaries with that overwhelming impetuosity which a strong conviction of right alone can call forth. Let us not, however, by eulogising Mr. Burleigh so highly, be understood as at all detracting from the merits of others on the same side. The advocates of anti-slavery are all eloquent men; in such a cause, if they possess the common sympathies of human nature, they must be eloquent. They number among them some of the most finished and powerful speakers of the day, and men, too, who would dignify any cause, and who, by their noble self-sacrifice in boldly withstanding the taunts and persecution to which they are exposed, add a lustre to even the great enterprise they have undertaken. Mr. CHARLES C. BURLEIGH, of Philadelphia, last Sunday evening, delivered an address to a crowded auditory, in the vestry of the Unitarian meeting-house, in this town, on the American slave system; and truly it was an address that will live long in the memories of those who heard it. It is difficult to determine whether to commend it most for its apt illustrations and sound logic, or for the speaker's energetic and impassioned manner of delivery. He added simplicity of expression to grandeur of thought; the burning eloquence of a soul pleading a great cause, to the closest, most conclusive and triumphant reasoning. Nerved for the contest by the righteousness of his cause and the aggravated suffering of three millions of fellow beings, he bore down upon his adversaries with that overwhelming impetuosity which a strong conviction of right alone can call forth. Let us not, however, by eulogising Mr. Burleigh so highly, be understood as at all detracting from the merits of others on the same side. The advocates of anti-slavery are all eloquent men; in such a cause, if they possess the common sympathies of human nature, they must be eloquent. They number among them some of the most finished and powerful speakers of the day, and men, too, who would dignify any cause, and who, by their noble self-sacrifice in boldly withstanding the taunts and persecution to which they are exposed, add a lustre to even the great enterprise they have undertaken. 

 Conventions in Worcester county will be attended by Abby Kelley, Dr. E.D. Hudson, S.H. Gay, G.W. Stacey, &c.; and will be held as follows: Conventions in Worcester Worcester county will be attended by Abby Kelley, Dr. E.D. Hudson, S.H. Gay, G.W. Stacey, &c.; and will be held as follows: Southern Series. West Brookfield— Friday and Saturday, March 1st and 2d. West Brookfield— Friday and Saturday, March 1st and 2d. North Brookfield— Tuesday, 5th. North Brookfield— Tuesday, 5th. New Braintree— Wednesday and Thursday, 6th and 7th. New Braintree— Wednesday and Thursday, 6th and 7th. Hardwick— Friday and Saturday, 8th and 9th. Hardwick— Friday and Saturday, 8th and 9th. Leicester— Monday and Tuesday, 11th and 12th. Leicester— Monday and Tuesday, 11th and 12th. Oxford— Wednesday and Thursday, 13th and 14th. Oxford— Wednesday and Thursday, 13th and 14th. Northbridge— Friday and Saturday, 15th and 16th. Northbridge— Friday and Saturday, 15th and 16th. Millbury— Monday and Tuesday, 18th and 19th. Millbury— Monday and Tuesday, 18th and 19th. Upton— Wednesday and Thursday, 20th and 21st. Upton— Wednesday and Thursday, 20th and 21st. Grafton— Friday and Saturday, 22d and 23d. Grafton— Friday and Saturday, 22d and 23d. Northern Series. Boylston— Monday and Tuesday, March 25th and 26th. Boylston— Monday and Tuesday, March 25th and 26th. Holden— Wednesday, 27th. Holden— Wednesday, 27th. Rutland— Thursday and Friday, 28th and 29th. Rutland— Thursday and Friday, 28th and 29th. Princeton— Saturday and Sunday, 30th and 31st. Princeton— Saturday and Sunday, 30th and 31st. Westminster— Monday and Tuesday, April 1st and 2d. Westminster— Monday and Tuesday, April 1st and 2d. Leominster— Wednesday and Thursday, 3d and 4th. Leominster— Wednesday and Thursday, 3d and 4th. . . . . . . Ashburnham— Monday and Tuesday, 8th and 9th. Ashburnham— Monday and Tuesday, 8th and 9th. Gardner— Wednesday and Thursday, 10th and 11th. Gardner— Wednesday and Thursday, 10th and 11th. Hubbardston— Friday and Saturday, 12th and 13th. Hubbardston— Friday and Saturday, 12th and 13th. Petersham— Monday and Tuesday, 15th and 16th. Petersham— Monday and Tuesday, 15th and 16th. Athol— Wednesday and Thursday, 17th and 18th. Athol— Wednesday and Thursday, 17th and 18th. 

 To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator: SIR— I send you, herewith, two extracts from a file of papers, recently received from one of my West India correspondents, which you will much oblige me by inserting in the Liberator. SIR— I send you, herewith, two extracts from a file of papers, recently received from one of my West India correspondents, which you will much oblige me by inserting in the Liberator. The first of these extracts relates to the 'Metarie system,' and its introduction into the colony of British Guiana. The 'Metarie system' is what we call, in New-England, cultivation on shares. It has already been introduced, to a greater or less extent, into all the British West India colonies, and is destined, I have no doubt, to work a complete revolution in the agriculture and social state of those countries. It will raise the cultivators from the condition of mere day-laborers to that of tenants, and presently of free holders, partners in the production of sugar; the present proprietors will be converted into mill-owners and manufacturers, and will be restricted to their sugar-houses, while the agricultural labor will be under the sole direction and at the risk of the actual cultivators. The first of these extracts relates to the 'Metarie system,' and its introduction into the colony of British Guiana. The 'Metarie system' is what we call, in New-England, cultivation on shares. It has already been introduced, to a greater or less extent, into all the British West India colonies, and is destined, I have no doubt, to work a complete revolution in the agriculture and social state of those countries. It will raise the cultivators from the condition of mere day-laborers to that of tenants, and presently of free holders, partners in the production of sugar; the present proprietors will be converted into mill-owners and manufacturers, and will be restricted to their sugar-houses, while the agricultural labor will be under the sole direction and at the risk of the actual cultivators. The prejudices of the old school planters, as might naturally be expected, have been very strong against this system; but even they are beginning to discover that the black peasantry are very shrewd judges of their own interest, and that the most certain means to secure the thorough and profitable cultivation of an estate is, to give the laborers a joint interest in it. I have watched the progress of this system with much interest and attention for the last three years; and I have the firmest confidence, that so soon as it gets fairly under way, and becomes generally adopted, (and that, too, before many years,) it will demonstrate, to the satisfaction of the most incredulous, the vast advantage of free cultivation over any form whatever of compulsory labor. The prejudices of the old school planters, as might naturally be expected, have been very strong against this system; but even they are beginning to discover that the black peasantry are very shrewd judges of their own interest, and that the most certain means to secure the thorough and profitable cultivation of an estate is, to give the laborers a joint interest in it. I have watched the progress of this system with much interest and attention for the last three years; and I have the firmest confidence, that so soon as it gets fairly under way, and becomes generally adopted, (and that, too, before many years,) it will demonstrate, to the satisfaction of the most incredulous, the vast advantage of free cultivation over any form whatever of compulsory labor. The other extract is an account of the first ploughing match ever had in the Island of Barbados. Barbados is the oldest, and for its extent, far the most populous of the British West India colonies. With less than two hundred square miles of land, it supports upwards of one hundred thousand inhabitants— more than a man to an acre; and that, too, exclusively by agriculture. It is acknowledged on all hands, by the Governor, the assembly, the planters, the proprietors, and the laborers, that Barbados, since the emancipation, and by reason of the emancipation, has attained a degree of prosperity, and an improved and extended cultivation, such as it never knew at any period during the two centuries that it was cultivated by slaves: and yet the career of improvement has but just begun, as must be apparent from the fact, that the plough is but just beginning to come into use. The other extract is an account of the first ploughing match ever had in the Island of Barbados. Barbados is the oldest, and for its extent, far the most populous of the British West India colonies. With less than two hundred square miles of land, it supports upwards of one hundred thousand inhabitants— more than a man to an acre; and that, too, exclusively by agriculture. It is acknowledged on all hands, by the Governor, the assembly, the planters, the proprietors, and the laborers, that Barbados, since the emancipation, and by reason of the emancipation by reason of the emancipation , has attained a degree of prosperity, and an improved and extended cultivation, such as it never knew at any period during the two centuries that it was cultivated by slaves: and yet the career of improvement has but just begun, as must be apparent from the fact, that the plough is but just beginning to come into use. But I am keeping you from the extracts, which please insert, and oblige But I am keeping you from the extracts, which please insert, and oblige A FRIEND. A FRIEND. 

 The friends of the cause in the above named towns and their immediate vicinity are urgently requested to take every means of giving the widest possible notice of these meetings. Let each one consider this his own personal duty. See to it, also, that convenient places for assembling are obtained, so as to secure large audiences. Let all that can, be present, especially those who are willing to take a part in the discussions; and thus, while they relieve the agents, yive added interest to the debate. We mean to awaken the old, and create a new anti-slavery zeal throughout the Commonwealth. The most important questions are to be discussed by the ablest and most devoted of the friends of the slave. We commend them to the hospitality of the friends every where, and hope that especially they will be aided in getting from place to place, to lessen the labor and expense of the whole undertaking. Any town which does not receive large printed placards to notify the meetings of the Convention during its session, can be supplied by applying at 25 Cornhill. The friends of the cause in the above named towns and their immediate vicinity are urgently requested to take every means of giving the widest possible notice of these meetings. Let each each one consider this his own personal his own personal duty. See to it, also, that convenient places for assembling are obtained, so as to secure large audiences. Let all that can, be present, especially those who are willing to take a part in the discussions; and thus, while they relieve the agents, yive added interest to the debate. We mean to awaken the old, and create a new anti-slavery zeal throughout the Commonwealth. The most important questions are to be discussed by the ablest and most devoted of the friends of the slave. We commend them to the hospitality of the friends every where, and hope that especially they will be aided in getting from place to place, to lessen the labor and expense of the whole undertaking. Any town which does not receive large printed placards to notify the meetings of the Convention during its session, can be supplied by applying at 25 Cornhill. WENDELL PHILLIPS, WENDELL PHILLIPS, Gen. Agent Mass. A.S. Society. Gen. Agent Mass. A.S. Society. Gen. Agent Mass. A.S. Society. 

 The Gazette and the Herald are at issue as to whom the credit is to be ascribed in this colony, of carrying into . . . Philadelphia, Berbice, it was first attempted, has never been abandoned, and is now in most effective use. But the question is not so much as to the initiating a measure of this description, as whether the theory illustrated by the trifling examples we have yet had in practice, is likely to be beneficial to the colony? On plantation Philadelphia, it has been tried with sugar, and on Vryheid (belonging to the same parties) with coffee. The former property has been notorious in Berbice for many years, as exceedingly unproductive; not so much on account of inferior soil, as from its liability to be put under water in heavy seasons, and the difficulty of obtaining continuous labor to work the land properly when the proper opportunity occurred. There is now attached to the engine a bucket wheel, rendering the property independent of seasons, as by this machine water to any requisite extent can be taken in or thrown off in a few hours. But with this enemy overcome, there still remained the disadvantage of insufficient labor to put and keep the cultivation in such a state as to pay interest on the capital vested by the proprietors. In a fortunate hour, the tenancy system was proposed to, and adopted by a number of laborers, and the result of their speculation has been such as to induce competition for the remaining portions of the property. On this estate it has been found that an industrious man can easily plant, rear, and cut five acres of canes on his own account, and still assist as much as he ever did in carrying on the work of the property in the proprietors' hands. The crop made this year by the Philadelphia tenants has averaged one and a half hogsheads of 2000 lbs. each, and yielding them for their interest sixty dollars per hogshead. The Gazette Gazette and the Herald Herald are at issue as to whom the credit is to be ascribed in this colony, of carrying into . . . Philadelphia Philadelphia , Berbice, it was first attempted, has never been abandoned, and is now in most effective use. But the question is not so much as to the initiating a measure of this description, as whether the theory illustrated by the trifling examples we have yet had in practice, is likely to be beneficial to the colony? On plantation Philadelphia, Philadelphia, it has been tried with sugar, and on Vryheid Vryheid (belonging to the same parties) with coffee. The former property has been notorious in Berbice for many years, as exceedingly unproductive; not so much on account of inferior soil, as from its liability to be put under water in heavy seasons, and the difficulty of obtaining continuous labor to work the land properly when the proper opportunity occurred. There is now attached to the engine a bucket wheel, rendering the property independent of seasons, as by this machine water to any requisite extent can be taken in or thrown off in a few hours. But with this enemy overcome, there still remained the disadvantage of insufficient labor to put and keep the cultivation in such a state as to pay interest on the capital vested by the proprietors. In a fortunate hour, the tenancy system was proposed to, and adopted by a number of laborers, and the result of their speculation has been such as to induce competition for the remaining portions of the property. On this estate it has been found that an industrious man can easily plant, rear, and cut five acres of canes on his own account, and still assist as much as he ever did much as he ever did in carrying on the work of the property in the proprietors' hands. The crop made this year by the Philadelphia Philadelphia tenants has averaged one and a half hogsheads of 2000 lbs. each, and yielding them for their interest sixty dollars per hogshead. Plantation Vryheid was abandoned by the proprietors as a coffee property. It is now continued on the tenantry system, paying its expenses, yielding a little to the owners, and changing by slow degrees the nature of its cultivation from coffee to sugar. From its vicinity to town, fine soil and perfect drainage, this bids fair to be one of the first sugar properties in this country, and every acre a tenanted farm. Plantation Vryheid Vryheid was abandoned by the proprietors as a coffee property. It is now continued on the tenantry system, paying its expenses, yielding a little to the owners, and changing by slow degrees the nature of its cultivation from coffee to sugar. From its vicinity to town, fine soil and perfect drainage, this bids fair to be one of the first sugar properties in this country, and every acre a tenanted farm. farm. 

 We are requested to insert the following in the Liberator, for the benefit of the A.S. Conventions:— We are requested to insert the following in the Liberator, for the benefit of the A.S. Conventions:— TUNE— 'Old Church Yard.' TUNE— ' Old Church Yard. Old Church Yard. ' Here we've had a cordial greeting,And we've had a thrilling meeting,And our labor here completing,We'll seek the next town:From town to town we'll battle,From town to town we'll battle,From town to town we'll battle,Till slavery's beat down. Here we've had a cordial greeting,And we've had a thrilling meeting,And our labor here completing,We'll seek the next town:From town to town we'll battle,From town to town we'll battle,From town to town we'll battle,Till slavery's beat down.        But we leave here faithful legionsTo defend these conquer'd regions,And to keep the battle raging,In town and about:Here you'll guard the fortress, &c.And put the foe to rout. But we leave here faithful legionsTo defend these conquer'd regions,And to keep the battle raging,In town and about:Here you'll guard the fortress, &c.And put the foe to rout.      Now the churches must awaken,The State must now be shaken,And a mighty stride be taken,Toward truth and the right;And all must fear and tremble, &c.Who reject the light. Now the churches must awaken,The State must now be shaken,And a mighty stride be taken,Toward truth and the right;And all must fear and tremble, &c.Who reject the light.      Now we'll give the foe no quarter,At the ballot-box or altar—She is Babylon's foul daughter,And we must withdraw:And we'll fight for freedom,And we'll fight for freedom,And we'll fight for freedom,True Religion and Law. Now we'll give the foe no quarter,At the ballot-box or altar—She is Babylon's foul daughter,And we must withdraw:And we'll fight for freedom,And we'll fight for freedom,And we'll fight for freedom,True Religion and Law.        D.S.W. D.S.W. 

 One of the most moral and interesting scenes that ever took place in this Island, occurred at Harrow Estate on Saturday last, and which never can be erased from the minds of all present; it was one of those days worthy of being recorded in the annals of Barbados Agriculture, and more particularly so as it was the dawn of a new era in the use of machinery on our Estates, being the first ploughing match ever known to take place in this Island. At an early hour the ploughmen, with their drivers and respective teams, were seen advancing to the 'battle field,' and with anxious hearts and watchful eyes, bid each take up his allotted task on the ten acre plain selected for the occasion. At 10 o'clock, every thing was duly arranged for the start, the different positions taken, and each ploughman solicitously waiting for the word 'off.' At this time, it was pleasing to see the quiet which reigned throughout the field, every man confident in the power of his cattle and the skill of his hand, and each seemed to say, 'the day is mine.' At a quarter before 11 o'clock, the Hon. Mr. Sharpe, the Attorney-General, being one of the managing committee, advanced to the centre of the ground with a scarlet flag waving in his hand, the fall of the flag was the signal 'to work,' which being dropped, away they went. The bustle and confusion now was beyond description, particularly when contrasted with the line drawn up before the start, the yelling of the drivers,— the galloping of the masters,— and the tumult and disorder of the assembled laborers, each anxious for the success of his own plough, was truly a scene worth looking at. One of the most moral and interesting scenes that ever took place in this Island, occurred at Harrow Estate on Saturday last, and which never can be erased from the minds of all present; it was one of those days worthy of being recorded in the annals of Barbados Agriculture, and more particularly so as it was the dawn of a new era in the use of machinery on our Estates, being the first ploughing match ever known to take place in this Island. At an early hour the ploughmen, with their drivers and respective teams, were seen advancing to the 'battle field,' and with anxious hearts and watchful eyes, bid each take up his allotted task on the ten acre plain selected for the occasion. At 10 o'clock, every thing was duly arranged for the start, the different positions taken, and each ploughman solicitously waiting for the word 'off.' At this time, it was pleasing to see the quiet which reigned throughout the field, every man confident in the power of his cattle and the skill of his hand, and each seemed to say, 'the day is mine.' At a quarter before 11 o'clock, the Hon. Mr. Sharpe, the Attorney-General, being one of the managing committee, advanced to the centre of the ground with a scarlet flag waving in his hand, the fall of the flag was the signal 'to work,' which being dropped, away they went. The bustle and confusion now was beyond description, particularly when contrasted with the line drawn up before the start, the yelling of the drivers,— the galloping of the masters,— and the tumult and disorder of the assembled laborers, each anxious for the success of his own plough, was truly a scene worth looking at. A quarter of an acre was the quantity of land appropriated as the work for each plough, to be thrown into ridges according to the principles laid down in the Society's Report. A quarter of an acre was the quantity of land appropriated as the work for each plough, to be thrown into ridges according to the principles laid down in the Society's Report. After the start, much excitement prevailed among the ploughmen, who seemed to think that speed was the main consideration for the successful candidate, but on being informed that the quality of the work was most material, they sobered down, and after the first ridge was formed, each paid much attention to the instructions that had been given on this head. The match was numerously and respectably attended; besides gentlemen and planters from all parts of the Island, there were several members of the family of his Excellency the Governor-General. His Honor the Chief Justice was also in attendance, and seemed to take much interest in the proceedings of the day. After the start, much excitement prevailed among the ploughmen, who seemed to think that speed was the main consideration for the successful candidate, but on being informed that the quality of the work was most material, they sobered down, and after the first ridge was formed, each paid much attention to the instructions that had been given on this head. The match was numerously and respectably attended; besides gentlemen and planters from all parts of the Island, there were several members of the family of his Excellency the Governor-General. His Honor the Chief Justice was also in attendance, and seemed to take much interest in the proceedings of the day. The plough No. 10, the property of, and entered by Thomas Trotman, Esq., of Buckley's Estate, drew the particular attention of very many planters present. Too much praise cannot be given that gentleman for the pains and trouble he must have taken in training his ploughman, drivers, and cattle, to perform their work in such thorough English style; the team marched along like drilled soldiers— no yelling nor whipping, but like human creatures, they obeyed the word of command. Such an example of humanity is well worth following. The plough No. 10, the property of, and entered by Thomas Trotman, Esq., of Buckley's Estate, drew the particular attention of very many planters present. Too much praise cannot be given that gentleman for the pains and trouble he must have taken in training his ploughman, drivers, and cattle, to perform their work in such thorough English style; the team marched along like drilled soldiers— no yelling nor whipping, but like human creatures, they obeyed the word of command. Such an example of humanity is well worth following. Nothing particular transpired during the period that the operations were going forward, except that No. 9 plough, Society Estate, withdrew from the contest. At 2 o'clock the work was finished, and a general rush of man and beast was made towards the yard of the Estate, all anxious to ascertain the fate of the day; the members of the Society retired and were joined by the judges, William Sharpe, Thomas Francis, and the President, Wm. M. Howard, Esqrs., who awarded the prizes. Nothing particular transpired during the period that the operations were going forward, except that No. 9 plough, Society Estate, withdrew from the contest. At 2 o'clock the work was finished, and a general rush of man and beast was made towards the yard of the Estate, all anxious to ascertain the fate of the day; the members of the Society retired and were joined by the judges, William Sharpe, Thomas Francis, and the President, Wm. M. Howard, Esqrs., who awarded the prizes. During the time that the Society and judges were regulating the Prizes, the Attorney-General and Joseph Connell, Esq., visited the 'Banquet Scene' of the Ploughmen and Drivers. During the time that the Society and judges were regulating the Prizes, the Attorney-General and Joseph Connell, Esq., visited the 'Banquet Scene' of the Ploughmen and Drivers. To the friends of liberty, To the friends of liberty, 'Twas a glorious sight to see. 'Twas a glorious sight to see. Sumptuous was the feast, and too much credit cannot be given to the Caterer, Mr. John Murrell, who handsomely provided for the occasion. All things being adjusted, Mr. Sharp and Mr. Connell presiding, they sat down to the number of about fifty, and in a short space of time the board was cleared, and Bacchanalian sentiments commenced to flow from their light and cheerful hearts. The Society then joined the HALL, when the worthy President addressed the assembled laborers in his usual plain and honest style of language, and it was gratifying to see how their hearts vibrated when he touched a cord that sympathized with their own feelings. They replied, not with strains of eloquence, but with a loud HUZZA! Anxiously did they look for the list of prizes, and happy were their faces when they found that all had something. Sumptuous was the feast, and too much credit cannot be given to the Caterer, Mr. John Murrell, who handsomely provided for the occasion. All things being adjusted, Mr. Sharp and Mr. Connell presiding, they sat down to the number of about fifty, and in a short space of time the board was cleared, and Bacchanalian sentiments commenced to flow from their light and cheerful hearts. The Society then joined the HALL, when the worthy President addressed the assembled laborers in his usual plain and honest style of language, and it was gratifying to see how their hearts vibrated when he touched a cord that sympathized with their own feelings. They replied, not with strains of eloquence, but with a loud HUZZA! Anxiously did they look for the list of prizes, and happy were their faces when they found that all all had something. The Attorney-General and Mr. Connell retired, and the successful ploughmen of Bulkley's and Congo Road were duly installed as Chairman and Vice. Mr. Bulkley, feeling the dignity of his position, in a speech much to the purpose addressed his fellow ploughmen, and begged to propose a toast— which was 'Speed the Plough.' This was cheerfully responded to, when Mr. Congo Road followed the example, and in a truly original style of language, gave 'The land we live in.' The Society then retired, and left the honest ploughmen to enjoy every thing to themselves, and they did so to their hearts' content. They broke up before dark, and with teams wended their way homewards, much delighted at the reception they had met with, hoping to do better next year, and more than pleased with the first Ploughing Match in Barbados. The Attorney-General and Mr. Connell retired, and the successful ploughmen of Bulkley's and Congo Road were duly installed as Chairman and Vice. Mr. Bulkley, feeling the dignity of his position, in a speech much to the purpose addressed his fellow ploughmen, and begged to propose a toast— which was 'Speed the Plough.' This was cheerfully responded to, when Mr. Congo Road followed the example, and in a truly original style of language, gave 'The land we live in.' The Society then retired, and left the honest ploughmen to enjoy every thing to themselves, and they did so to their hearts' content. They broke up before dark, and with teams wended their way homewards, much delighted at the reception they had met with, hoping to do better next year, and more than pleased with the first Ploughing Match in Barbados. At 5 o'clock, the Society and a large number of gentlemen who were invited, sat down to a very elegant entertainment provided for the occasion, by Robert Alleyne, the well known Caterer at White Haven; the delicacies of the season were served up in his usual good style, and the utmost justice was vice— the following toasts were given by those gentlemen, alternately, accompanied with appropriate songs— 'The Queen'— three times three; 'His Excellency the Governor'— three times three. Lieut. Col. Trotman, A.D.C., returned thanks in a very neat and appropriate speech, and particularly alluded to the interest his Excellency always evinced for the agricultural interests of this Island, and more particularly the St. Philip's District Agricultural Society. At 5 o'clock, the Society and a large number of gentlemen who were invited, sat down to a very elegant entertainment provided for the occasion, by Robert Alleyne, the well known Caterer at White Haven; the delicacies of the season were served up in his usual good style, and the utmost justice was vice— the following toasts were given by those gentlemen, alternately, accompanied with appropriate songs— 'The Queen'— three times three; 'His Excellency the Governor'— three times three. Lieut. Col. Trotman, A.D.C., returned thanks in a very neat and appropriate speech, and particularly alluded to the interest his Excellency always evinced for the agricultural interests of this Island, and more particularly the St. Philip's District Agricultural Society. 'Lady Grey and the Ladies of Barbados.''The land we live in.''Speed the Plough.' 'Lady Grey and the Ladies of Barbados.''The land we live in.''Speed the Plough.'   These two toasts taken from the example of the laborers. These two toasts taken from the example of the laborers. Col. Trotman in a speech of some length, proposed the health of the President and Members of the Society. He expatiated on the usefulness of the Institution, and stated the pleasure he had that day felt in witnessing a scene so novel in the Island of Barbados, but which he trusted would be followed up throughout the land, the benefits arising from which must be obvious to all. Col. Trotman in a speech of some length, proposed the health of the President and Members of the Society. He expatiated on the usefulness of the Institution, and stated the pleasure he had that day felt in witnessing a scene so novel in the Island of Barbados, but which he trusted would be followed up throughout the land, the benefits arising from which must be obvious to all. The Attorney-General concluded by drinking— 'All the laborers of Barbados.' In his usual style of eloquence, he took a retrospective view of the happy changes that had taken place in the condition of the laboring population since freedom, and the advantages to be derived from those changes in the civilizing the land of their forefathers; he also alluded to the proud position Barbados held as a Colony, being foremost in the ranks of agriculture in the Western Hemisphere, which was powerfully demonstrated by the value of her lands, that being the criterion by which to judge of her prosperity. The Attorney-General concluded by drinking— 'All the laborers of Barbados.' In his usual style of eloquence, he took a retrospective view of the happy changes that had taken place in the condition of the laboring population since freedom, and the advantages to be derived from those changes in the civilizing the land of their forefathers; he also alluded to the proud position Barbados held as a Colony, being foremost in the ranks of agriculture in the Western Hemisphere, which was powerfully demonstrated by the value of her lands, that being the criterion by which to judge of her prosperity. At 9 o'clock the meeting broke up, when three cheers were given for 'the laborers of St. Phillip,' which were faithfully and heartily responded to by a large concourse of that class who had collected round the windows listening to the proceedings of the evening. At 9 o'clock the meeting broke up, when three cheers were given for 'the laborers of St. Phillip,' which were faithfully and heartily responded to by a large concourse of that class who had collected round the windows listening to the proceedings of the evening. 

 We understand the opening Convention in Middlesex county, at Reading, was quite cheering. Reading has interest as being the first place in the State out of Boston, where the anti-slavery banner was set up by Garrison. The late Convention was quite full, and its discussions deeply interesting. Messrs. Phillips, White and Lunsford Lane were present. The Church— the progress of our cause— and the position and claims of Liberty Party, occupied the first day. We are promised a sketch of the second from the pen of friend White. We understand the opening Convention in Middlesex county, at Reading, was quite cheering. Reading has interest as being the first place in the State out of Boston, where the anti-slavery banner was set up by Garrison. The late Convention was quite full, and its discussions deeply interesting. Messrs. Phillips, White and Lunsford Lane were present. The Church— the progress of our cause— and the position and claims of Liberty Party, occupied the first day. We are promised a sketch of the second from the pen of friend White. The Convention at Milford was indeed a triumph. The previous labors of Abby Kelley produced their usual effect of awakening the whole community. If the meetings which follow do half as well, they will make the old Commonwealth rock to the centre, and fill the treasury of the cause to overflowing. The Convention at Milford was indeed a triumph. The previous labors of Abby Kelley produced their usual effect of awakening the whole community. If the meetings which follow do half as well, they will make the old Commonwealth rock to the centre, and fill the treasury of the cause to overflowing. 

 MR. EDITOR: MR. EDITOR: Since I became a convert to the principle, that man has no right to hold his fellow-man as property, I have endeavored to pursue a course as much in harmony as possible with all engaged in advocating the rights of the slave. I have never taken part in the disputes among abolitionists themselves. I have been willing to do what I could in the cause of human rights, either with old or new organizationists. I never considered myself identified with either, although the latter have always had me on their list of officers. I have always had the impression, that there was a better and more efficient mode of action, than through regularly constituted societies. From the first, I have regarded the question of emancipation as one belonging as much to politicians as to moralists. From the first, I have advocated a political organization, having respect to the Constitution of the United States as the most efficient and certain mode of action for the anti-slavery party of the country. When, therefore, the Liberty Party was organized, I hailed it as the commencement of an agency that, if judiciously conducted, could not fail of success. As auxiliaries in the work, and only as such, was I able to recognize the regularly constituted anti-slavery societies of either party— against both of them, I have had my objections. Heretofore, I have not felt called upon to publicly state those objections. Since I became a convert to the principle, that man has no right to hold his fellow-man as property, I have endeavored to pursue a course as much in harmony as possible with all engaged in advocating the rights of the slave. I have never taken part in the disputes among abolitionists themselves. I have been willing to do what I could in the cause of human rights, either with old or new organizationists. I never considered myself identified with either, although the latter have always had me on their list of officers. I have always had the impression, that there was a better and more efficient mode of action, than through regularly constituted societies. From the first, I have regarded the question of emancipation as one belonging as much to politicians as to moralists. From the first, I have advocated a political organization, having respect to the Constitution of the United States as the most efficient and certain mode of action for the anti-slavery party of the country. When, therefore, the Liberty Party was organized, I hailed it as the commencement of an agency that, if judiciously conducted, could not fail of success. As auxiliaries in the work, and only as such, was I able to recognize the regularly constituted anti-slavery societies of either party— against both of them, I have had my objections. Heretofore, I have not felt called upon to publicly state those objections. As regards the new organization, I will now state, that I thought it an unwise and inexpedient course to array against the old society, any such opposition. It would have been better, in my opinion, to have held on. The ostensible reason for it, too, was one I did not sympathize with. I should certainly have voted for the perfect freedom of the female members. At the same time, I believed, and I believe still, that those who withdrew and formed another society, acted from the honest conviction that that was the best course to advance the sacred cause of human rights. Their political tendencies brought me into more intimacy with them than with the old society, the disruption having taken place before I had had opportunity to act with the old organizationists. So much for the new organization. As regards the new organization, I will now state, that I thought it an unwise and inexpedient course to array against the old society, any such opposition. It would have been better, in my opinion, to have held on. The ostensible reason for it, too, was one I did not sympathize with. I should certainly have voted for the perfect freedom of the female members. At the same time, I believed, and I believe still, that those who withdrew and formed another society, acted from the honest conviction that that was the best course to advance the sacred cause of human rights. Their political tendencies brought me into more intimacy with them than with the old society, the disruption having taken place before I had had opportunity to act with the old organizationists. So much for the new organization. And now I will state my particular objections to the old organization. And these I would not publicly name, were it not that my own self-respect demands it. The proceedings of the meeting held last month in Boston, not only meet my disapprobation as a friend to the Constitution of my country, but I regard them as embodying a direct insult to every member of the Liberty Party, myself included; and it is because I regard it a personal matter, that I feel called upon to protest against the right of the society to affirm as it has done, 'that the political party, which sustains such a man (J.G. Birney) for the Presidency of the United States, is demonstrably either corrupt or misguided.' Now, the author of this resolution would not, I presume, suspect me, for one, of being misguided. He is, doubtless, aware that I would not have kept myself ignorant of the transaction, for which he condemns Mr. Birney as a dishonest man, when I am a constant reader of the Liberator. I have seen all the charges and the arguments to sustain them, both in the Liberator and the Standard, against Messrs. Birney, Leavitt, &c. With all before me, I am unconvinced that those men are dishonest; with all before me, I am happy to call Joshua Leavitt and Lewis Tappan my friends, and to pronounce James G. Birney worthy the support and friendship of every true-hearted friend to the slave, and to human kind. It therefore remains, according to the resolution, that I must be 'corrupt,' there being no allowance made for difference of judgment in regard to the moral character of the transactions themselves. Because, therefore, I am one of the persons charged with corruption, I feel that it becomes at last my duty to publicly announce, that I have objections to the old organization. In the first place, its leaders are too much addicted to personal vituperation. Secondly, they operate against their own friends, and acknowledge none to be true-hearted abolitionists, who do not with them condemn Messrs. Birney, Leavitt, Tappan, &c. Thirdly, they pass resolutions severely condemnatory of men who are pursuing, according to their conscientious judgment, that course which to them seems best calculated to promote the cause of emancipation. Fourthly, they discuss and publish a protest, abjuring allegiance to the Constitution of the United States and the Union. Fifthly, they give such a construction to the Constitution of the United States, as to make it a pro-slavery document, which in my opinion is a radical error. And finally, whilst they repudiate the Constitution, they inconsistently appeal to legislative authority under that Constitution. And now I will state my particular objections to the old organization. And these I would not publicly name, were it not that my own self-respect demands it. The proceedings of the meeting held last month in Boston, not only meet my disapprobation as a friend to the Constitution of my country, but I regard them as embodying a direct insult to every member of the Liberty Party, myself included; and it is because I regard it a personal matter, that I feel called upon to protest against the right of the society to affirm as it has done, 'that the political party, which sustains such a man (J.G. Birney) for the Presidency of the United States, is demonstrably either corrupt or misguided.' Now, the author of this resolution would not, I presume, suspect me, for one, of being misguided. He is, doubtless, aware that I would not have kept myself ignorant of the transaction, for which he condemns Mr. Birney as a dishonest man, when I am a constant reader of the Liberator. I have seen all the charges and the arguments to sustain them, both in the Liberator and the Standard, against Messrs. Birney, Leavitt, &c. With all before me, I am unconvinced that those men are dishonest; with all before me, I am happy to call Joshua Leavitt and Lewis Tappan my friends, and to pronounce James G. Birney worthy the support and friendship of every true-hearted friend to the slave, and to human kind. It therefore remains, according to the resolution, that I must be 'corrupt,' there being no allowance made for difference of judgment in regard to the moral character of the transactions themselves. Because, therefore, I am one of the persons charged with corruption, I feel that it becomes at last my duty to publicly announce, that I have objections to the old organization. In the first place, its leaders are too much addicted to personal vituperation. Secondly, they operate against their own friends, and acknowledge none to be true-hearted abolitionists, who do not with them condemn Messrs. Birney, Leavitt, Tappan, &c. Thirdly, they pass resolutions severely condemnatory of men who are pursuing, according to their conscientious judgment, that course which to them seems best calculated to promote the cause of emancipation. Fourthly, they discuss and publish a protest, abjuring allegiance to the Constitution of the United States and the Union. Fifthly, they give such a construction to the Constitution of the United States, as to make it a pro-slavery document, which in my opinion is a radical error. And finally, whilst they repudiate the Constitution, they inconsistently appeal to legislative authority under that Constitution. I have very candidly expressed my objections, but I cannot close without expressing, at the same time, my high respect for those with whom I so much disagree, and my hearty willingness to co-operate with them in all measures that I think calculated to advance the cause of truth and righteousness. I have very candidly expressed my objections, but I cannot close without expressing, at the same time, my high respect for those with whom I so much disagree, and my hearty willingness to co-operate with them in all measures that I think calculated to advance the cause of truth and righteousness. Respectfully, Respectfully, WM. HENRY BRISBANE. WM. HENRY BRISBANE. 

 The Editor of the Liberator will attend the Conventions at Spencer and West Brookfield this week. Wendell Phillips will be present at those in North Brookfield and New Braintree next week. The Editor of the Liberator will attend the Conventions at Spencer and West Brookfield this week. Wendell Phillips will be present at those in North Brookfield and New Braintree next week. 

 ALBANY, Feb. 19, 1844. ALBANY, Feb. 19, 1844. To the Rev. Benjamin M. Hill, To the Rev. Benjamin M. Hill, To the Rev. Benjamin M. Hill, Cor. Sec. of A.B.H.M. Soc. Cor. Sec. of A.B.H.M. Soc. Cor. Sec. of A.B.H.M. Soc. SIR— I learn by the last Liberator, that you have denied the statement made by myself, respecting the slaveholding character of the Baptist missionaries in Texas. Also that Rev. Mr. Huckins is not a missionary of the Baptist Board. SIR— I learn by the last Liberator, that you have denied the statement made by myself, respecting the slaveholding character of the Baptist missionaries in Texas. Also that Rev. Mr. Huckins is not a missionary of the Baptist Board. The authority upon which I made the statements, I am sure is unimpeachable; and I refer you to deacon Andrews, (the gentleman who lately visited England, in connection with Lewis Tappan, Esq. on business connected with the abolition of slaves in . . . Rev. C.W. Dennison of Boston, and myself, had a conversation with them, respecting the missionaries, Huckins, and Tryon; and in answer to our questions, made the statements published. Mr. Andrews will give a certificate of the facts at any time. (Will Rev. C.W. Dennison please ask him for such a letter, and publish the same?) The authority upon which I made the statements, I am sure is unimpeachable; and I refer you to deacon Andrews, (the gentleman who lately visited England, in connection with Lewis Tappan, Esq. on business connected with the abolition of slaves in . . . Rev. C.W. Dennison of Boston, and myself, had a conversation with them, respecting the missionaries, Huckins, and Tryon; and in answer to our questions, made the statements published. Mr. Andrews will give a certificate of the facts at any time. (Will Rev. C.W. Dennison please ask him for such a letter, and publish the same?) I thank bro. Burleigh for his letter of inquiry, and assure him that I did not make the statements without the authority of two good witnesses. Mr. Huckins was known in Texas as a missionary of the Baptist Board and a slaveholder. I, however, have heard indirectly, that Messrs. Huckins and Tryon have sometimes said that their wives owned the slaves; and it is possible that the denial may have been made upon that ground. I thank bro. Burleigh for his letter of inquiry, and assure him that I did not make the statements without the authority of two good witnesses. Mr. Huckins was known in Texas as a missionary of the Baptist Board and a slaveholder. I, however, have heard indirectly, that Messrs. Huckins and Tryon have sometimes said that their wives owned the slaves; and it is possible that the denial may have been made upon that ground. For other information respecting the pro-slavery character of the Baptist Missions, I must refer you to my letter in the Albany Patriot of Jan. 17th, 1844. For other information respecting the pro-slavery character of the Baptist Missions, I must refer you to my letter in the Albany Patriot of Jan. 17th, 1844. As I must leave the city, to be absent for about three weeks, I must defer further remarks until I return. As I must leave the city, to be absent for about three weeks, I must defer further remarks until I return. ABEL BROWN. ABEL BROWN. 

 The Convention at Lowell, on Thursday and Friday last, was attended by crowded audiences, and excited a very lively sensation throughout the town— especially in consequence of a resolution being offered, (which elicited a long, animated, and highly profitable discussion,) reflecting in severe terms on the Rev. Messrs. Naylor and Hanks, for refusing to read a notice of the Convention from their pulpits. We shall look to the Herald of Freedom for a graphic delineation of the meetings. Among those who participated in the discussions were N.P. Rogers, Parker Pillsbury, W.L. Garrison, Frederick Douglass, W.A. White, Lunsford Lane, John A. Collins, and Rev. Messrs. Miner, Brewster and Johnson. John Clement acted as chairman, and Dr. Scribner as secretary. 'A whole team' of the Hutchinson songsters was present, and added greatly to the interest of the occasion. The following are the resolutions which were discussed and adopted: The Convention at Lowell, on Thursday and Friday last, was attended by crowded audiences, and excited a very lively sensation throughout the town— especially in consequence of a resolution being offered, (which elicited a long, animated, and highly profitable discussion,) reflecting in severe terms on the Rev. Messrs. Naylor and Hanks, for refusing to read a notice of the Convention from their pulpits. We shall look to the Herald of Freedom for a graphic delineation of the meetings. Among those who participated in the discussions were N.P. Rogers, Parker Pillsbury, W.L. Garrison, Frederick Douglass, W.A. White, Lunsford Lane, John A. Collins, and Rev. Messrs. Miner, Brewster and Johnson. John Clement acted as chairman, and Dr. Scribner as secretary. 'A whole team' of the Hutchinson songsters was present, and added greatly to the interest of the occasion. The following are the resolutions which were discussed and adopted: Resolved, That as American slavery requires the sale of mechanics, seamstresses, and all who perform manual labor, in one part of our country, it behoves the laboring people of the North to look to it, whether, in permitting this to be done, they are not bringing a yoke on their own necks. Resolved, That as American slavery requires the sale of mechanics, seamstresses, and all who perform manual labor, in one part of our country, it behoves the laboring people of the North to look to it, whether, in permitting this to be done, they are not bringing a yoke on their own necks. Resolved, That chattel slavery has raised up in our midst an aristocracy much more to be feared, that the aristocracy of the old world; since the latter only enslaves politically, while the former personally enslaves the people. Resolved, That chattel slavery has raised up in our midst an aristocracy much more to be feared, that the aristocracy of the old world; since the latter only enslaves politically, while the former personally enslaves the people. Resolved, That the anti-slavery movement is eminently a moral and Christian one— at war with nothing that is just and true— a triumphant vindication of the brotherhood of the human race, and in an exalted sense the cause of God; from the hearty support of which, no enlightened friend of God or man will turn away. Resolved, That the anti-slavery movement is eminently a moral and Christian one— at war with nothing that is just and true— a triumphant vindication of the brotherhood of the human race, and in an exalted sense the cause of God; from the hearty support of which, no enlightened friend of God or man will turn away. Resolved, That it is not the appropriate business of those who are engaged in a moral and Christian enterprise, to burden themselves with the organization and machinery of a political party; but they should specially consecrate themselves to the active dissemination of that truth, by the power of which, alone, human regeneration is to be effected, all corrupt institutions cast down, and every fetter of slavery broken in pieces. Resolved, That it is not the appropriate business of those who are engaged in a moral and Christian enterprise, to burden themselves with the organization and machinery of a political party; but they should specially consecrate themselves to the active dissemination of that truth, by the power of which, alone, human regeneration is to be effected, all corrupt institutions cast down, and every fetter of slavery broken in pieces. Resolved, That the elevation of Henry Clay, or John C. Calhoun, or Martin Van Buren, to the Presidency of the United States, will be the triumph of Slavery over Liberty, and will only serve to plunge this guilty nation more deeply into infamy and ruin; and therefore it is a fatal delusion to suppose that any great principle of justice or humanity is involved in the triumph or defeat of either the Whig or the Democratic party, or that any real prosperity can be secured to the nation until slavery be utterly extirpated from the soil. Resolved, That the elevation of Henry Clay, or John C. Calhoun, or Martin Van Buren, to the Presidency of the United States, will be the triumph of Slavery over Liberty, and will only serve to plunge this guilty nation more deeply into infamy and ruin; and therefore it is a fatal delusion to suppose that any great principle of justice or humanity is involved in the triumph or defeat of either the Whig or the Democratic party, or that any real prosperity can be secured to the nation until slavery be utterly extirpated from the soil. Resolved, That the clerical and church associations of the North, that hold christian correspondence and fellowship with the man-stealing and piratical churches of the South, should be regarded and shunned as the deadliest enemies of God, and his suffering children in slavery. Resolved, That the clerical and church associations of the North, that hold christian correspondence and fellowship with the man-stealing and piratical churches of the South, should be regarded and shunned as the deadliest enemies of God, and his suffering children in slavery. Resolved, That for his dastardly and traitorous conduct, as a Senator in Congress from this Commonwealth, in his presentation of the resolution adopted almost unanimously by the Legislature of this State, proposing an amendment to the American Constitution, abolishing slave representation— notwithstanding the atrocious insults heaped upon Massachusetts by southern Senators, on that occasion,— the Legislature should forthwith pass a resolution, irrespective of party considerations, calling upon Isaac C. Bates, in the name of the people, instantly to resign his office as Senator, as one who has covered himself with merited infamy, and shamefully disgraced and betrayed his constituents. Resolved, That for his dastardly and traitorous conduct, as a Senator in Congress from this Commonwealth, in his presentation of the resolution adopted almost unanimously by the Legislature of this State, proposing an amendment to the American Constitution, abolishing slave representation— notwithstanding the atrocious insults heaped upon Massachusetts by southern Senators, on that occasion,— the Legislature should forthwith pass a resolution, irrespective of party considerations, calling upon Isaac C. Bates, in the name of the people, instantly to resign his office as Senator, as one who has covered himself with merited infamy, and shamefully disgraced and betrayed his constituents. Resolved, That Rufus Choate, our other Senator in Congress, is deserving of equal condemnation, for his criminal silence and cowardice exhibited on the same occasion, when he should have spoken out in thunder-tones, in behalf of the honor and dignity of Massachusetts. Resolved, That Rufus Choate, our other Senator in Congress, is deserving of equal condemnation, for his criminal silence and cowardice exhibited on the same occasion, when he should have spoken out in thunder-tones, in behalf of the honor and dignity of Massachusetts. 

 You see by my letter of December, that your missionaries in Texas have become slave-owners, and are now engaged in building up a slaveholding Church in that land. You see by my letter of December, that your missionaries in Texas have become slave-owners, and are now engaged in building up a slaveholding Church in that land. 1st. Of sending missionaries to preach among slaveholders, with the express understanding that they are to neglect to rebuke slaveholding, and receive slaveholders into the church as worthy Christians. 1st. Of sending missionaries to preach among slaveholders, with the express understanding that they are to neglect to rebuke slaveholding, and receive slaveholders into the church as worthy Christians. 2d. They send agents to slaveholding churches, and ask them to give them (the Board) a part of the money they have robbed from the slave, to aid in supporting missionaries who sanctify slavery. 2d. They send agents to slaveholding churches, and ask them to give them (the Board) a part of the money they have robbed from the slave, to aid in supporting missionaries who sanctify slavery. 3d. They instruct their missionaries (even in northern communities) to refrain from anti-slavery efforts, and not to introduce tests* that will exclude slaveholders, or give the influence of the Church against slavery. 3d. They instruct instruct their missionaries (even in northern communities) to refrain from anti-slavery efforts, and not to introduce tests* that will exclude slaveholders, or give the influence of the Church against slavery. 4th. They sustain men who were active in getting up the mob that murdered Lovejoy, such as John M. Peck. 4th. They sustain men who were active in getting up the mob that murdered Lovejoy, such as John M. Peck. John M. Peck. 1st. Sustain missionaries who are known to be slaveholders, or upholders and sustainers of slavery. 1st. Sustain missionaries who are known to be slaveholders, or upholders and sustainers of slavery. 2d. Their missionaries among the Indians, teach that slaveholding is consistent with church membership, and receive slaveholders into their missionary churches. 2d. Their missionaries among the Indians, teach that slaveholding is consistent with church membership, and receive slaveholders into their missionary churches. 3d. The Board suppress letters received from their missionaries in Asia, remonstrating against being supported by money robbed from the slave, and thereby make the missionaries appear before mankind as accomplices in robbing the slave. 3d. The Board suppress letters received from their missionaries in Asia, remonstrating against being supported by money robbed from the slave, and thereby make the missionaries appear before mankind as accomplices in robbing the slave. 4th. One of their missionaries lately wrote to a friend saying. 'If the Board send me money collected of slaveholders, I will do it up in a bag and throw it into the sea.' And almost all the missionaries who have any knowledge of the course of the Board, have expressed desires to be sustained by the products of free labor. 4th. One of their missionaries lately wrote to a friend saying. 'If the Board send me money collected of slaveholders, I will do it up in a bag and throw it into the sea.' And almost all the missionaries who have any knowledge of the course of the Board, have expressed desires to be sustained by the products of free labor. The American and Foreign Bible Society have lately sent one of their Secretaries. Dr. Babcock, to the South, and his great business no doubt is to collect money and apologise for slaveholders. The American and Foreign Bible Society have lately sent one of their Secretaries. Dr. Babcock, to the South, and his great business no doubt is to collect money and apologise for slaveholders. Yours, for the Truth, Yours, for the Truth, Albany, Jan. 7, 1844. Albany, Jan. 7, 1844. ABEL BROWN. ABEL BROWN. * The writer has a copy of a letter of instructions, to this effect, now in his possession. * The writer has a copy of a letter of instructions, to this effect, now in his possession. 

 MILFORD, Feb. 21st, 1844. MILFORD, Feb. 21st, 1844. The meeting was called to order by Adin Ballou, after which the following officers were chosen: The meeting was called to order by Adin Ballou, after which the following officers were chosen: D.S. Godfrey, President; W.R. Bliss, Vice-President; C.H. Scribner, Secretary; Dr. E.D. Hudson, Adin Ballou, Abby Kelley, S.H. Gay, Business Committee. D.S. Godfrey, President; W.R. Bliss, Vice-President; C.H. Scribner, Secretary; Dr. E.D. Hudson, Adin Ballou, Abby Kelley, S.H. Gay, Business Committee. The Convention was full. The discussion turned upon the fundamental points of our enterprise, and kept the crowded audience interested from 10 A.M. till 10 at night. The most enthusiastic spirit prevailed; and almost all the resolutions were passed by large majorities— that upon the church almost unanimously. The Convention was full. The discussion turned upon the fundamental points of our enterprise, and kept the crowded audience interested from 10 A.M. till 10 at night. The most enthusiastic spirit prevailed; and almost all the resolutions were passed by large majorities— that upon the church almost unanimously. Dr. Hudson, S.H. Gay, Abby Kelley, G.W. Stacy, D.S. Whitney, Adin Ballou, Wendell Phillips,— and among the audience, J. Kelley, Mr. Parkhurst, Rev. Gardiner Rice, and Mr. Bullard,— participated in the discussion. Twelve subscribers were obtained for the Liberator, and rather more than $40 taken up in aid of the Hundred Conventions. We expect a sketch of the meeting from our friend Gay. The following are the resolutions passed: Dr. Hudson, S.H. Gay, Abby Kelley, G.W. Stacy, D.S. Whitney, Adin Ballou, Wendell Phillips,— and among the audience, J. Kelley, Mr. Parkhurst, Rev. Gardiner Rice, and Mr. Bullard,— participated in the discussion. Twelve subscribers were obtained for the Liberator, and rather more than $40 taken up in aid of the Hundred Conventions. We expect a sketch of the meeting from our friend Gay. The following are the resolutions passed: Whereas, Two and a half millions of our countrymen— children of our common Father, our equal brethren— have fallen among thieves and robbers, and been made merchandize of; and whereas, to steal men, women and children, constitutes the essence of all crimes, including the highest kind of theft, which, under the Levitical law, exposed its perpetrators to capital punishment; and whereas, the stealing, selling and buying the bodies and souls of men, women and children, was what characterized Babylon, the mother of harlots; and whereas, the American churches and ecclesiastical bodies have proved themselves to be that Babylon, or, at least, her felonious daughters, inasmuch as they steal men, women and children, and make merchandize of their bodies and souls, and then blaspheme by trying to make God sanctify their abominable wickedness; therefore, Whereas, Two and a half millions of our countrymen— children of our common Father, our equal brethren— have fallen among thieves and robbers, and been made merchandize of; and whereas, to steal men, women and children, constitutes the essence of all crimes, including the highest kind of theft, which, under the Levitical law, exposed its perpetrators to capital punishment; and whereas, the stealing, selling and buying the bodies and souls of men, women and children, was what characterized Babylon, the mother of harlots; and whereas, the American churches and ecclesiastical bodies have proved themselves to be that Babylon, or, at least, her felonious daughters, inasmuch as they steal men, women and children, and make merchandize of their bodies and souls, and then blaspheme by trying to make God sanctify their abominable wickedness; therefore, Resolved, That it is an imperative duty, devolving upon all who fear God and regard man— who would fulfil their grand destiny, to glorify God, and enjoy him forever— to repudiate all the American church organizations and ecclesiastical bodies, as anti-christian and atheistical, that do not repent speedily of all such wickedness, and do works meet for repentance, by opening their mouths for the dumb, binding up the broken-hearted, and proclaiming liberty to all the stolen men and women, who are now the victims of such organizations and bodies. Resolved, That it is an imperative duty, devolving upon all who fear God and regard man— who would fulfil their grand destiny, to glorify God, and enjoy him forever— to repudiate all all the American church organizations and ecclesiastical bodies, as anti-christian and atheistical, that do not repent speedily of all such wickedness, and do works meet for repentance, by opening their mouths for the dumb, binding up the broken-hearted, and proclaiming liberty to all the stolen men and women, who are now the victims of such organizations and bodies. Passed with the exception of two votes in the negative, one of them a minister. Passed with the exception of two votes in the negative, one of them a minister. Resolved, That we recognize in the candidates of the great political parties, only the foes of impartial freedom, and view them as utterly unworthy of the support of the friends of liberty. Resolved, That we recognize in the candidates of the great political parties, only the foes of impartial freedom, and view them as utterly unworthy of the support of the friends of liberty. Resolved, That in Henry Clay we see the agent by whom the disgraceful and infamous compromise of the Missouri question was effected— the base panderer to a corrupt public sentiment in his speech in 1839, for the purpose of securing to his party the presidential chair— the gross violator of social courtesy and republican equality, in his violent conduct toward Mendenhall in 1842— and, finally, the holder of fifty human beings in a bondage, 'one hour of which,' in the language of Thomas Jefferson, 'is fraught with more misery than ages of that which our fathers rose in rebellion to resist'— and that for such a man to ask the votes of a christian and republican people, is an insult to their understandings and hearts. Resolved, That in Henry Clay we see the agent by whom the disgraceful and infamous compromise of the Missouri question was effected— the base panderer to a corrupt public sentiment in his speech in 1839, for the purpose of securing to his party the presidential chair— the gross violator of social courtesy and republican equality, in his violent conduct toward Mendenhall in 1842— and, finally, the holder of fifty human beings in a bondage, 'one hour of which,' in the language of Thomas Jefferson, 'is fraught with more misery than ages of that which our fathers rose in rebellion to resist'— and that for such a man to ask the votes of a christian and republican people, is an insult to their understandings and hearts. Resolved, That in Martin Van Buren we see the willing tool of the slavocracy— one whose life belies the principles of the land and the age, and the party which he presumes to represent; and that none but tyrants and hypocrites can rejoice in seeing him the head of the Democratic party. Resolved, That in Martin Van Buren we see the willing tool of the slavocracy— one whose life belies the principles of the land and the age, and the party which he presumes to represent; and that none but tyrants and hypocrites can rejoice in seeing him the head of the Democratic party. Resolved, That the Constitution of the U. States, in founding the system of national representation on a basis of slaves— in pledging the national arm to keep peace, while one-sixth part of the people are allowed to be held in chains— in binding the free States to permit the recapture of the fugitive slave— is a covenant with death and an agreement with hell, and ought to be immediately annulled. Resolved, That the Constitution of the U. States, in founding the system of national representation on a basis of slaves— in pledging the national arm to keep peace, while one-sixth part of the people are allowed to be held in chains— in binding the free States to permit the recapture of the fugitive slave— is a covenant with death and an agreement with hell, and ought to be immediately annulled. Resolved, That no union can exist between a free and a slaveholding country, under any form, without involving both in the guilt of slaveholding. Resolved, That no union can exist between a free and a slaveholding country, under any form, without involving both in the guilt of slaveholding. Resolved, That no compact or understanding between a candidate and his electors, no form of notice to the world beforehand, can absolve an office-holder in the United States government of the guilt of sustaining slavery; and that an oath in support of the U.S. Constitution, with a resolution at the same time not to uphold certain portions of it, is a gross breach of that faith which keeps society together— an imitation of jesuistical reservation, and fraught with more danger to the moral sense of the country, and the dominion of law, than even the benefit of the immediate emancipation of every slave in the land can equal. Resolved, That no compact or understanding between a candidate and his electors, no form of notice to the world beforehand, can absolve an office-holder in the United States government of the guilt of sustaining slavery; and that an oath in support of the U.S. Constitution, with a resolution at the same time not to uphold certain portions of it, is a gross breach of that faith which keeps society together— an imitation of jesuistical reservation, and fraught with more danger to the moral sense of the country, and the dominion of law, than even the benefit of the immediate emancipation of every slave in the land can equal. Resolved, That those men who refuse to sustain the Whig and Democratic parties, on account of the moral evil of slavery which those parties sustain, and yet give countenance and support to any church or minister that supports slavery, directly or indirectly, or that do not bear an unequivocal and uncompromising testimony against that moral evil, show by their conduct that they are destitute of all moral principle, and more guilty than Whigs or Democrats, who make no professions for the cause of freedom. Resolved, That those men who refuse to sustain the Whig and Democratic parties, on account of the moral evil of slavery which those parties sustain, and yet give countenance and support to any church or minister that supports slavery, directly or indirectly, or that do not bear an unequivocal and uncompromising testimony against that moral evil, show by their conduct that they are destitute of all moral principle, and more guilty than Whigs or Democrats, who make no professions for the cause of freedom. Resolved, That the Liberty party, so self-styled, is unworthy of any countenance or support from all true friends of freedom, as it publicly avows its allegiance to the bloody compact, and its willingness to support the system of American slavery thereby; and proves itself true to that vile system, by the protection it affords slavery in the churches, and its fellowship with those ministers and church members who 'sanction and sanctify' the chattel system; and by the suffrages which they give to ministers and church members, for office, who join hands with as vile slaveholders as Henry Clay or John C. Calhoun. Resolved, That the Liberty party, so self-styled, is unworthy of any countenance or support from all true friends of freedom, as it publicly avows its allegiance to the bloody compact, and its willingness to support the system of American slavery thereby; and proves itself true to that vile system, by the protection it affords slavery in the churches, and its fellowship with those ministers and church members who 'sanction and sanctify' the chattel system; and by the suffrages which they give to ministers and church members, for office, who join hands with as vile slaveholders as Henry Clay or John C. Calhoun. 

 The following resolutions on slavery were presented by a committee of the Baptist church in N. Sunderland, and passed without a dissenting vote. The following resolutions on slavery were presented by a committee of the Baptist church in N. Sunderland, and passed without a dissenting vote. 1. Resolved, That we regard American slavery as a great sin in the sight of God, a flagrant violation of the rights of the poor slave, as a man entitled to the same inalienable rights as his master, and therefore condemned by the word of God as unworthy of the approval or support of any Christian. 1. Resolved, That we regard American slavery as a great sin in the sight of God, a flagrant violation of the rights of the poor slave, as a man entitled to the same inalienable rights as his master, and therefore condemned by the word of God as unworthy of the approval or support of any Christian. 2. Resolved, That we deem it a duty which we owe to God, to ourselves as a church of Christ, to the slaveholder and the slave, to say that we cannot admit slaveholders or members of slaveholding churches, to the Lord's table or to the pulpit. 2. Resolved, That we deem it a duty which we owe to God, to ourselves as a church of Christ, to the slaveholder and the slave, to say that we cannot admit slaveholders or members of slaveholding churches, to the Lord's table or to the pulpit. 3. Resolved, That it is our duty to use all proper peaceable and Christian means for the immediate abolition of slavery. 3. Resolved, That it is our duty to use all proper peaceable and Christian means for the immediate abolition of slavery. ELLIAH GUNN, Church Clerk. ELLIAH GUNN, Church Clerk Church Clerk . North Sunderland, Feb. 8, 1844. North Sunderland, Feb. 8, 1844. 

 HYDROPATHY: OR THE COLD WATER CURE: Its Principles, Modes of Treatment, &c.— Illustrated by Many Cases: Compiled chiefly from the most eminent English Authors on the subject: By JOEL SHEW, M.D. (1 vol. 12 mo. pp. 304,)— New-York: Wiley & Putnam. HYDROPATHY: OR THE COLD WATER CURE: Its Principles, Modes of Treatment, &c.— Illustrated by Many Cases: Compiled chiefly from the most eminent English Authors on the subject: By JOEL SHEW, M.D. (1 vol. 12 mo. pp. 304,)— New-York: Wiley & Putnam. We have here, in a fair volume, a complete compendium of the History, Philosophy and Processes of the new panacea for disease. We do not believe so full an account of Hydropathy can be found in any other single volume in the language. Dr. Shew is an enthusiastic disciple of the system, has long studied it, and is familiar with nearly all that has been written on the subject. His work will surprise (if they will but read it) many who have lived thus far under the impression that water is merely useful for navigation and other hydraulic purposes. Indeed, the Hydropathists assert that Water is not only the best known medical agent, but the only one— that all diseases which can be cured at all can be cured by the pure element, with many that cannot be cured in any other way. We have not read far enough to see whether they prescribe it to hydrophobia, but are sure they would give no minerals even for that. The book before us is very lucid in its language, varied in its contents, and will richly repay a perusal, even by the incredulous.— N.Y. Tribune. We have here, in a fair volume, a complete compendium of the History, Philosophy and Processes of the new panacea for disease. We do not believe so full an account of Hydropathy can be found in any other single volume in the language. Dr. Shew is an enthusiastic disciple of the system, has long studied it, and is familiar with nearly all that has been written on the subject. His work will surprise (if they will but read it) many who have lived thus far under the impression that water is merely useful for navigation and other hydraulic purposes. Indeed, the Hydropathists assert that Water is not only the best best known medical agent, but the only only one— that all diseases which can be cured at all can be cured by the pure element, with many that cannot be cured in any other way. We have not read far enough to see whether they prescribe it to hydrophobia, but are sure they would give no minerals even for that. The book before us is very lucid in its language, varied in its contents, and will richly repay a perusal, even by the incredulous.— N.Y. Tribune. N.Y. Tribune. From a cursory examination of this work, we are satisfied that the commendation bestowed upon it by the intelligent editor of the Tribune is justly merited. The subject on which it treats is one of vast importance to the welfare of the human race. 'The Water Cure,' we are strongly inclined to believe, is destined to effect a radical change in the medical treatment of diseases, throughout the world. We advise all those who desire to gain just and accurate information in regard to it, to purchase this comprehensive and valuable work. Dr. Shew is now in this city, and proposes to give a lecture this evening in Hall No. 1 of the Marlboro' Chapel, on this topic.— We advise all those who can, to give their attendance. Tickets 12 1-2 cents each. From a cursory examination of this work, we are satisfied that the commendation bestowed upon it by the intelligent editor of the Tribune is justly merited. The subject on which it treats is one of vast importance to the welfare of the human race. 'The Water Cure,' we are strongly inclined to believe, is destined to effect a radical change in the medical treatment of diseases, throughout the world. We advise all those who desire to gain just and accurate information in regard to it, to purchase this comprehensive and valuable work. Dr. Shew is now in this city, and proposes to give a lecture this evening in Hall No. 1 of the Marlboro' Chapel, on this topic.— We advise all those who can, to give their attendance. Tickets 12 1-2 cents each. 

 Speech of Mr. Wilson, of Middlesex, on offering his amendment to the resolutions proposed by Mr. Adams, on the subject of the annexation of Texas: Speech of Mr. Wilson, of Middlesex, on offering his amendment to the resolutions proposed by Mr. Adams, on the subject of the annexation of Texas: I desire, Mr. President, to submit a few remarks to the consideration of the Senate, upon the resolutions presented by my friend from Suffolk, (Mr. Adams,) and also upon the amendment, I have just sent to the chair. I have read the report and resolves with much interest, and I can give them my hearty support. There can be no doubt of the correctness and soundness of the positions taken in the report and resolutions. The first resolution declares, that the power does not exist in the Constitution, to admit an independent foreign State into the Union. The second resolution declares, that the admission of Texas into the Union, by the action of Congress and the Executive, will be null and void; and if persisted in, will tend to a dissolution of the Union. It is admitted that such an event would absolve Massachusetts from all her obligations to remain in the Union, and to support the Constitution. The resolutions reported by the committee, do not go so far as I should like to go. So far as they do go, they meet my cordial support. But I would go a step beyond, and calmly, solemnly, and deliberately declare to the country and the world that, if Texas is forced into this Union, in violation of the Constitution, and in violation of every principle of right, justice and humanity, to increase, strengthen and perpetuate the slave power, I would never submit to it, come what may come. I believe the hour has come, when we should speak right out, and arrest if we can, the consummation of a scheme, fraught with consequences disastrous to the liberties of the country, and the permanency of the Union. Intimations are thrown out, and rumors are rife, that this project may be consummated in a few months. The free States should speak out. I would say to any and every party, and to every man or set of men, that Massachusetts will never give any countenance or support to this scheme of wickedness, folly and madness. I desire, Mr. President, to submit a few remarks to the consideration of the Senate, upon the resolutions presented by my friend from Suffolk, (Mr. Adams,) and also upon the amendment, I have just sent to the chair. I have read the report and resolves with much interest, and I can give them my hearty support. There can be no doubt of the correctness and soundness of the positions taken in the report and resolutions. The first resolution declares, that the power does not exist in the Constitution, to admit an independent foreign State into the Union. The second resolution declares, that the admission of Texas into the Union, by the action of Congress and the Executive, will be null and void; and if persisted in, will tend to a dissolution of the Union. It is admitted that such an event would absolve Massachusetts from all her obligations to remain in the Union, and to support the Constitution. The resolutions reported by the committee, do not go so far as I should like to go. So far as they do go, they meet my cordial support. But I would go a step beyond, and calmly, solemnly, and deliberately declare to the country and the world that, if Texas is forced into this Union, in violation of the Constitution, and in violation of every principle of right, justice and humanity, to increase, strengthen and perpetuate the slave power, I would never submit to it, come what may come. I believe the hour has come, when we should speak right out, and arrest if we can, the consummation of a scheme, fraught with consequences disastrous to the liberties of the country, and the permanency of the Union. Intimations are thrown out, and rumors are rife, that this project may be consummated in a few months. The free States should speak out. I would say to any and every party, and to every man or set of men, that Massachusetts will never give any countenance or support to this scheme of wickedness, folly and madness. Sir, if that project is persisted in, and consummated, let others do as they will, Massachusetts should withdraw at once from the Union and the government, and let the responsibility rest upon those who have trampled upon the Constitution, and violated every principle dear to the hearts of men. A second Declaration of Independence should be made— the pledge of life, fortune and sacred honor, should be renewed. The declaration should be made good, cost what it might. It would be made good. Heaven would own, consecrate, and bless it. The voice of humanity would speak out for it, and wherever on the face of the globe freedom shall have an altar, prayers would ascend for its success. I should have no fears for the result. Southern chevaliers would find laurels enough to adorn their brows in defending their own hearth-stone, and in guarding their chattels, without making northern campaigns. They would not forget the past. Plymouth Rock, that first received the foot-prints of the Pilgrims, is here. Old Faneuil Hall is here— its walls as redolent of liberty now, as when in other days they echoed back the thunder-tones of James Otis, Josiah Quincy, and Samuel Adams. Lexington is here— Concord is here— Bunker Hill is here— and here on these fields of glory and renown, sleep beneath the soil the minions of British oppression. If the feet of slaves cannot press her soil, tyrants can sleep beneath it. Sir, if that project is persisted in, and consummated, let others do as they will, Massachusetts should withdraw at once from the Union and the government, and let the responsibility rest upon those who have trampled upon the Constitution, and violated every principle dear to the hearts of men. A second Declaration of Independence should be made— the pledge of life, fortune and sacred honor, should be renewed. The declaration should be made good, cost what it might. It would be made good. Heaven would own, consecrate, and bless it. The voice of humanity would speak out for it, and wherever on the face of the globe freedom shall have an altar, prayers would ascend for its success. I should have no fears for the result. Southern chevaliers would find laurels enough to adorn their brows in defending their own hearth-stone, and in guarding their chattels, chattels, without making northern campaigns. They would not forget the past. Plymouth Rock, that first received the foot-prints of the Pilgrims, is here. Old Faneuil Hall is here— its walls as redolent of liberty now, as when in other days they echoed back the thunder-tones of James Otis, Josiah Quincy, and Samuel Adams. Lexington is here— Concord is here— Bunker Hill is here— and here on these fields of glory and renown, sleep beneath the soil the minions of British oppression. If the feet of slaves cannot press her soil, tyrants can sleep beneath it. I do not wish to be misunderstood or misrepresented. I am no disunionist or disorganizer. I do not belong to that class of men who believe it a duty to withdraw from the support of the Constitution and the government. Neither am I one of those, who will support the Constitution, excepting certain provisions, which they declare null and void. I have been taught to love the Constitution, and that Union that makes us one people; to venerate and revere its framers and founders. I cannot unlearn the lessons of my youth; I go for the Constitution of the United States, as it is, according to its plain intent and obvious meaning. I will stand by the compact, and the union of the States. But while I would support and sustain the Constitution, I would walk up to the extreme verge and boundary of my rights. I would abolish slavery immediately, at once and forever, in the District of Columbia, and in all the territories. I would cut up, root and branch, the inter-State slave trade. I would forbid, as we have soon the purposes. I would never cease my efforts until we should have secured an amendment to the Constitution, doing away with the slave representation, and, in every fair and constitutional way, checked the growth and curtailed the power of the whole system. And I have full faith that if we firmly resist the encroachments of the slave power, and maintain with unyielding devotion the principles of equal rights, we shall root out that horrid system— a system at war with nature and nature's God; and our country will become what it should be, the asylum of oppressed humanity, where every man will be measured, not by the land of his birth, the color of his skin, or any of those accidents of society, but by his moral and intellectual worth. I do not wish to be misunderstood or misrepresented. I am no disunionist or disorganizer. I do not belong to that class of men who believe it a duty to withdraw from the support of the Constitution and the government. Neither am I one of those, who will support the Constitution, excepting certain provisions, which they declare null and void. I have been taught to love the Constitution, and that Union that makes us one people; to venerate and revere its framers and founders. I cannot unlearn the lessons of my youth; I go for the Constitution of the United States, as it is, according to its plain intent and obvious meaning. I will stand by the compact, and the union of the States. But while I would support and sustain the Constitution, I would walk up to the extreme verge and boundary of my rights. I would abolish slavery immediately, at once and forever, in the District of Columbia, and in all the territories. I would cut up, root and branch, the inter-State slave trade. I would forbid, as we have soon the purposes. I would never cease my efforts until we should have secured an amendment to the Constitution, doing away with the slave representation, and, in every fair and constitutional way, checked the growth and curtailed the power of the whole system. And I have full faith that if we firmly resist the encroachments of the slave power, and maintain with unyielding devotion the principles of equal rights, we shall root out that horrid system— a system at war with nature and nature's God; and our country will become what it should be, the asylum of oppressed humanity, where every man will be measured, not by the land of his birth, the color of his skin, or any of those accidents of society, but by his moral and intellectual worth. I will state the reasons for offering the amendment, calling the attention of our Senators in Congress to the principles contained in these resolves, and requesting them to use their best exertions to sustain them. In doing it, I shall speak with that freedom, which an American citizen has a right to use, of the conduct of public men. I do not wish to bind them by instructions. I will never vote to instruct others, neither will I ever obey them, unless are in accordance with the dictates of my conscience and the convictions of my judgment. But I wish to call their attention to the subject, to let them know that we are in sober earnest— that we say what we mean, and mean what we say. We wish them to feel, to think, and to act as Massachusetts men, who have been reared amid the glorious institutions of the pilgrim fathers, should feel, think and act. Senators might ask why the Senators were singled out— why the Representatives were not included in the proposed amendment? Reasons existed for it. Our Representatives have been tried and not found wanting. Their past conduct affords the amplest guaranty that the principles of Massachusetts will not be abandoned by them, nor her good name tarnished by any act of theirs. I will state the reasons for offering the amendment, calling the attention of our Senators in Congress to the principles contained in these resolves, and requesting them to use their best exertions to sustain them. In doing it, I shall speak with that freedom, which an American citizen has a right to use, of the conduct of public men. I do not wish to bind them by instructions. I will never vote to instruct others, neither will I ever obey them, unless are in accordance with the dictates of my conscience and the convictions of my judgment. But I wish to call their attention to the subject, to let them know that we are in sober earnest— that we say what we mean, and mean what we say. We wish them to feel, to think, and to act as Massachusetts men, who have been reared amid the glorious institutions of the pilgrim fathers, should feel, think and act. Senators might ask why the Senators were singled out— why the Representatives were not included in the proposed amendment? Reasons existed for it. Our Representatives have been tried and not found wanting. Their past conduct affords the amplest guaranty that the principles of Massachusetts will not be abandoned by them, nor her good name tarnished by any act of theirs. Shall we request John Quincy Adams to support these resolves? No, sir, we need not— we need not. I am content to sit at his feet, and learn my duty on this great subject. For eight years, unterrified by the denunciation, unsubdued by the clamor, and unseduced by the blandishments of the slave power, he has defended, with unsurpassed and unequalled ability, the principles, the rights, and interests of Massachusetts. While many sons of New-England have proved false and recreant to duty, content to float upon the popular tide, he has breasted the torrent of prejudice and delusion, stood up for the rights of man, and secured a name that will be honored and revered by the generations of men, ages after the memories of those who have proved recreant to principle shall have passed away from the remembrance of our race. Shall we request John Quincy Adams to support these resolves? No, sir, we need not— we need not. I am content to sit at his feet, and learn my duty on this great subject. For eight years, unterrified by the denunciation, unsubdued by the clamor, and unseduced by the blandishments of the slave power, he has defended, with unsurpassed and unequalled ability, the principles, the rights, and interests of Massachusetts. While many sons of New-England have proved false and recreant to duty, content to float upon the popular tide, he has breasted the torrent of prejudice and delusion, stood up for the rights of man, and secured a name that will be honored and revered by the generations of men, ages after the memories of those who have proved recreant to principle shall have passed away from the remembrance of our race. Shall we request the eloquent and accomplished Winthrop to support these resolves? His manly defence of the rights of our colored seamen, against the slaveholders' oppressions, and his late noble defence of the right of petition, where he speaks like a northern man with northern principles, gives us the assurance that he will sustain the principles of his ancestors, and the rights of his native State. Shall we request the eloquent and accomplished Winthrop to support these resolves? His manly defence of the rights of our colored seamen, against the slaveholders' oppressions, and his late noble defence of the right of petition, where he speaks like a northern man with northern principles, gives us the assurance that he will sustain the principles of his ancestors, and the rights of his native State. Shall we request Charles Hudson to support these resolves? His late great argument on the constitutional powers of the government, is an earnest of his ability and disposition to sustain the rights of Massachusetts. Shall we request Charles Hudson to support these resolves? His late great argument on the constitutional powers of the government, is an earnest of his ability and disposition to sustain the rights of Massachusetts. Shall we request Daniel P. King to support these resolves? He has already defended the reputation of this Commonwealth from the insults of those doughty champions, who act as slave-drivers on the plantations, and overseers of northern dough-faces in the capitol. 'In Massachusetts, they know no slave. There, every man made in the image of his God, owes allegiance alone to his Maker'— was the noble answer he gave the proud and haughty southron, who assailed Massachusetts, because her people thought George Latimer was a man. Shall we request Daniel P. King to support these resolves? He has already defended the reputation of this Commonwealth from the insults of those doughty champions, who act as slave-drivers on the plantations, and overseers of northern dough-faces in the capitol. 'In Massachusetts, they know no slave. There, every man made in the image of his God, owes allegiance alone to his Maker'— was the noble answer he gave the proud and haughty southron, who assailed Massachusetts, because her people thought George Latimer was a man. Our Representatives need no hint from us to do their duty. I wish I could say the same of our Senators. But I cannot. Their conduct in regard to the last and present Legislature, in favor of an amendment of the Constitution, striking out the slave representation, was not such as the people had a right to expect of their Senators. It merited, and it would receive, their disapprobation. Massachusetts had a right to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States. She exercised that right. Those resolutions passed unanimously through the last Legislature and the present. They are approved of by the people with great unanimity. The collected, embodied, and expressed will of the people is contained in those resolves. Our Representatives need no hint from us to do their duty. I wish I could say the same of our Senators. But I cannot. Their conduct in regard to the last and present Legislature, in favor of an amendment of the Constitution, striking out the slave representation, was not such as the people had a right to expect of their Senators. It merited, and it would receive, their disapprobation. Massachusetts had a right to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States. She exercised that right. Those resolutions passed unanimously through the last Legislature and the present. They are approved of by the people with great unanimity. The collected, embodied, and expressed will of the people is contained in those resolves. No apology was necessary, in the presentation of them. Senators were not required to advocate the principles there assumed, but they should have insisted, and demanded, that the resolves should be treated with the respect due to a sovereign State. But they were not so treated. They were laid upon the table, and a vote to print refused. The Senators of Alabama, one of the youngest members of the confederacy, rose in their places, and bitterly and violently assailed the resolutions, the Legislature, and the people of this ancient Commonwealth. Yes, sir, she was assailed, for what she was— is, and has been. We were denounced as incendiaries and traitors. The past Legislature and the present were denounced as guilty of treason, because we dared to maintain the principles of the Declaration of Independence; principles, for the security of which the Constitution of the United States was ordained and established. For supporting the rights of man, old Massachusetts— the pilgrim State— the first to resist British oppression— whose whole history is a bright and glorious record of toil, sufferings, and achievements in the cause of humanity, was vilified and abused; and that, too, by the Senators of a State, almost without a history— or, if she have one, it is a series of wrongs and oppressions of the red and black man. Could it be blotted out from the annals of the race, and the memory of man, the heart of humanity would leap for joy. No apology was necessary, in the presentation of them. Senators were not required to advocate the principles there assumed, but they should have insisted, and demanded, that the resolves should be treated with the respect due to a sovereign State. But they were not so treated. They were laid upon the table, and a vote to print refused. The Senators of Alabama, one of the youngest members of the confederacy, rose in their places, and bitterly and violently assailed the resolutions, the Legislature, and the people of this ancient Commonwealth. Yes, sir, she was assailed, for what she was— is, and has been. We were denounced as incendiaries and traitors. The past Legislature and the present were denounced as guilty of treason, because we dared to maintain the principles of the Declaration of Independence; principles, for the security of which the Constitution of the United States was ordained and established. For supporting the rights of man, old Massachusetts— the pilgrim State— the first to resist British oppression— whose whole history is a bright and glorious record of toil, sufferings, and achievements in the cause of humanity, was vilified and abused; and that, too, by the Senators of a State, almost without a history— or, if she have one, it is a series of wrongs and oppressions of the red and black man. Could it be blotted out from the annals of the race, and the memory of man, the heart of humanity would leap for joy. In those resolves was embodied the will of Massachusetts. She had a voice then, but that voice was silent— mute— dumb. I would as soon stand by in silence, and see and hear the mother that bore me insulted. It did not end here. In came the resolutions of Georgia, in answer to the Massachusetts resolves, and one of her Senators, rising in his place, said that the Massachusetts resolutions were laid upon the table; therefore he moved that the resolutions from his State be laid upon the table and printed; which was agreed to. The next day, one of our Senators rose in his place, and called attention to the fact; but very prudently declined to move for any action. With such a timid and faltering course, it is not surprising that the voice of Massachusetts, in favor of human rights, should be treated with insult, obloguy, and reproach, and the voice of Georgia, a State that imprisoned the ministers of God and violated Indian treaties— should be received, and treated with the courtesy and respect due to a sovereign State. If we would have our rights respected, we must maintain them with firmness, dignity and resolution. In those resolves was embodied the will of Massachusetts. She had a voice then, but that voice was silent— mute— dumb. I would as soon stand by in silence, and see and hear the mother that bore me insulted. It did not end here. In came the resolutions of Georgia, in answer to the Massachusetts resolves, and one of her Senators, rising in his place, said that the Massachusetts resolutions were laid upon the table; therefore he moved that the resolutions from his State be laid upon the table and printed; which was agreed to. The next day, one of our Senators rose in his place, and called attention to the fact; but very prudently declined to move for any action. With such a timid and faltering course, it is not surprising that the voice of Massachusetts, in favor of human rights, should be treated with insult, obloguy, and reproach, and the voice of Georgia, a State that imprisoned the ministers of God and violated Indian treaties— should be received, and treated with the courtesy and respect due to a sovereign State. If we would have our rights respected, we must maintain them with firmness, dignity and resolution. I have thus freely commented upon the want of spirit and resolution exhibited by our Senators. The task is not a pleasant one. It is far more grateful to commend than to censure our political friends. In saying what I have, I fell that I have exposed myself to the censure of some of my much esteemed personal and political friends. It is unpleasant to disagree with our friends, but I have felt it to be my duty to say what I have said. The approbation of our friends is always grateful to our feelings, but the approbation of our own consciences is far better, and more lasting. I loathe and detest slavery; I will not bow to its power, nor apologise for it. No hope of political reward, no fear of ridicule or reproach, shall deter me from expressing, on all fit and proper occasions, my detestation of the system, and my unqualified condemnation of any son of Massachusetts who shall shrink from the defence of her principles, her name or fame, whenever or wherever assailed by the slave power— whether that assault be made by political friend or foe. We owe it to the people of this Commonwealth, to our own sense of self-respect, to express our condemnation of the action of the Senate; and our regret and disapprobation of the timid conduct of our Senators. I have thus freely commented upon the want of spirit and resolution exhibited by our Senators. The task is not a pleasant one. It is far more grateful to commend than to censure our political friends. In saying what I have, I fell that I have exposed myself to the censure of some of my much esteemed personal and political friends. It is unpleasant to disagree with our friends, but I have felt it to be my duty to say what I have said. The approbation of our friends is always grateful to our feelings, but the approbation of our own consciences is far better, and more lasting. I loathe and detest slavery; I will not bow to its power, nor apologise for it. No hope of political reward, no fear of ridicule or reproach, shall deter me from expressing, on all fit and proper occasions, my detestation of the system, and my unqualified condemnation of any son of Massachusetts who shall shrink from the defence of her principles, her name or fame, whenever or wherever assailed by the slave power— whether that assault be made by political friend or foe. We owe it to the people of this Commonwealth, to our own sense of self-respect, to express our condemnation of the action of the Senate; and our regret and disapprobation of the timid conduct of our Senators. 

 The Lecture on Sunday forenoon last was by our esteemed brother Adin Ballou, of Hopedale, in vindication of the principles and doctrines of Non-Resistance. It was marked by profound reasoning, scriptural research, illustrations of great beauty and force, and a most lovely spirit. It evidently produced a deep impression on the spell-bound audience. The Lecture on Sunday forenoon last was by our esteemed brother Adin Ballou, of Hopedale, in vindication of the principles and doctrines of Non-Resistance. It was marked by profound reasoning, scriptural research, illustrations of great beauty and force, and a most lovely spirit. It evidently produced a deep impression on the spell-bound audience. In the afternoon, a very interesting discussion took place, on the same subject, between Mr. Richard Hildreth of this city, and Mr. Ballou, the former in opposition to the morning lecture, and the latter ably in defence of it. In the evening, Mr. Ballou gave an excellent lecture on social reorganization. In the afternoon, a very interesting discussion took place, on the same subject, between Mr. Richard Hildreth of this city, and Mr. Ballou, the former in opposition to the morning lecture, and the latter ably in defence of it. In the evening, Mr. Ballou gave an excellent lecture on social reorganization. On Sunday next, in the forenoon and afternoon, lectures will be delivered by Ralph Waldo Emerson. In the afternoon, the discussion on Non-Resistance will be continued. On Sunday next, in the forenoon and afternoon, lectures will be delivered by Ralph Waldo Emerson. In the afternoon, the discussion on Non-Resistance will be continued. 

 On the subject of the annexation of Texas, delivered in the Massachusetts Senate: On the subject of the annexation of Texas, delivered in the Massachusetts Senate: Mr. President,— I do not suppose that there is any such difference of opinion with regard to the propriety of these resolves, at this board, as will require a speech from me in their defence. I shall therefore simply confine myself to an explanation of the reasons which induced the committee to present them for adoption at this time. Mr. President,— I do not suppose that there is any such difference of opinion with regard to the propriety of these resolves, at this board, as will require a speech from me in their defence. I shall therefore simply confine myself to an explanation of the reasons which induced the committee to present them for adoption at this time. There is strong reason for the belief that the project of the immediate annexation of Texas is seriously entertained at Washington by members of both the great political parties which divide the country. A movement has been going on for some time in . . . South Carolina, Alabama and Mississippi. It is supposed that the project meets with some degree of favor in the cabinet of the President of the United States— and last of all, an address has been issued and most extensively circulated through the columns of the Washington Globe, as well as in pamphlet form, written by Mr. R.J. Walker, a member of the Senate of the United States from Mississippi, the object of which is to reconcile the people to its immediate adoption. There is strong reason for the belief that the project of the immediate annexation of Texas is seriously entertained at Washington by members of both the great political parties which divide the country. A movement has been going on for some time in . . . South Carolina, Alabama and Mississippi. It is supposed that the project meets with some degree of favor in the cabinet of the President of the United States— and last of all, an address has been issued and most extensively circulated through the columns of the Washington Globe, as well as in pamphlet form, written by Mr. R.J. Walker, a member of the Senate of the United States from Mississippi, the object of which is to reconcile the people to its immediate adoption. I hold that pamphlet in my hand. I have given it a most attentive and careful consideration— and if I assent to no other positions maintained in it, I do most fully to that one wherein Mr. Walker says, that this question is 'the greatest question, since the adoption of the Constitution, ever presented for the decision of the American people.' It is a question which far transcends all others that at present agitate us. The election of President is of little consequence in comparison with it. The future policy, the hopes, the prosperity, I may even say the permanency of the Union depends upon it, in my firm belief. I hold that pamphlet in my hand. I have given it a most attentive and careful consideration— and if I assent to no other positions maintained in it, I do most fully to that one wherein Mr. Walker says, that this question is 'the greatest question, since the adoption of the Constitution, ever presented for the decision of the American people.' It is a question which far transcends all others that at present agitate us. The election of President is of little consequence in comparison with it. The future policy, the hopes, the prosperity, I may even say the permanency of the Union depends upon it, in my firm belief. It is for this reason that the committee deemed it necessary that the opinions of Massachusetts should now be known. The people are entirely united in them. And inasmuch as an election for the chief magistracy of the Union is about to come on this year when they may be divided in voting, it may be as well that all the candidates should understand that upon this question they have no compromises to make. Massachusetts will support no man who will promote the annexation of Texas. For myself, I will take leave to say here as one of the people, as well as one of the persons upon whom in a certain contingency may fall the election of electors, that on this topic I stand upon no party ground.— Whatever may be my feelings of predilections in other respects, I will not vote to exalt any individual who will in my opinion be likely to use the power which I should contribute to give him in unsettling the foundations of the Constitution and of the Union by effecting the annexation of Texas. It is for this reason that the committee deemed it necessary that the opinions of Massachusetts should now be known. The people are entirely united in them. And inasmuch as an election for the chief magistracy of the Union is about to come on this year when they may be divided in voting, it may be as well that all the candidates should understand that upon this question they have no compromises to make. Massachusetts will support no man who will promote the annexation of Texas. For myself, I will take leave to say here as one of the people, as well as one of the persons upon whom in a certain contingency may fall the election of electors, that on this topic I stand upon no party ground.— Whatever may be my feelings of predilections in other respects, I will not vote to exalt any individual who will in my opinion be likely to use the power which I should contribute to give him in unsettling the foundations of the Constitution and of the Union by effecting the annexation of Texas. I do not believe that the strength of the feeling which pervades this community on this topic is at all understood. It is for this reason that the committee wished to embody it in a strong resolve. The language of that resolve is nearly that of Mr. Jefferson upon another occasion of far less importance. No exception will probably be made to it on that account at Washington. It is not designed to be threatening or angry. It indicates a dissolution of the Union as a probable consequence of the act deprecated without seeking to bring it about. Massachusetts is attached to the Union, but Massachusetts is also attached to the principle of human liberty which was to make it perpetual. I do not believe that the strength of the feeling which pervades this community on this topic is at all understood. It is for this reason that the committee wished to embody it in a strong resolve. The language of that resolve is nearly that of Mr. Jefferson upon another occasion of far less importance. No exception will probably be made to it on that account at Washington. It is not designed to be threatening or angry. It indicates a dissolution of the Union as a probable consequence of the act deprecated without seeking to bring it about. Massachusetts is attached to the Union, but Massachusetts is also attached to the principle of human liberty which was to make it perpetual. It is possible that in the struggles which usually accompany an election severely contested, the project of the annexation of Texas may be brought in as a part of a stock in trade to bargain upon.— Whether justly or not, I will not now undertake to pronounce— the leading men of the country are charged by their opponents with a disposition either to manage or to compromise— words which are differently used, but which mean here pretty much the same thing. My belief is that the people of the Commonwealth will never consent to trade away the doctrine of liberty for the consideration of the success of any presidential candidate whatever.— Let them but know who makes the sacrifice for them, and they will not be slow in disavowing his authority to act in their name. They will declare by these resolves the limit beyond which he must not go. It is possible that in the struggles which usually accompany an election severely contested, the project of the annexation of Texas may be brought in as a part of a stock in trade to bargain upon.— Whether justly or not, I will not now undertake to pronounce— the leading men of the country are charged by their opponents with a disposition either to manage or to compromise— words which are differently used, but which mean here pretty much the same thing. My belief is that the people of the Commonwealth will never consent to trade away the doctrine of liberty for the consideration of the success of any presidential candidate whatever.— Let them but know who makes the sacrifice for them, and they will not be slow in disavowing his authority to act in their name. They will declare by these resolves the limit beyond which he must not go. For myself, Mr. President, I am well aware of the difficulty of the position in which I am placed. In more than half of this country where I am known at all, I am already put down as a disorganizer and one who seeks to unsettle foundations. Even one of the Senators of this Commonwealth has thought it proper to accompany the presentation of the resolutions draughted by myself, and unanimously adopted both last year and this by her Legislature, with an insinuation to that effect. I shall not stop to discuss with that Senator what he means by foundations. My desire is only to say, that I have deliberately weighed the course which I deem it proper to take— and whether ultimately approved or condemned by the general sentiments of my constituents, or of the people of the Union, I shall equally have the satisfaction of reflecting that I have sacrificed none of the principles for which our revolutionary heroes contended. For myself, Mr. President, I am well aware of the difficulty of the position in which I am placed. In more than half of this country where I am known at all, I am already put down as a disorganizer and one who seeks to unsettle foundations. Even one of the Senators of this Commonwealth has thought it proper to accompany the presentation of the resolutions draughted by myself, and unanimously adopted both last year and this by her Legislature, with an insinuation to that effect. I shall not stop to discuss with that Senator what he means by foundations. My desire is only to say, that I have deliberately weighed the course which I deem it proper to take— and whether ultimately approved or condemned by the general sentiments of my constituents, or of the people of the Union, I shall equally have the satisfaction of reflecting that I have sacrificed none of the principles for which our revolutionary heroes contended. For the sake of a full expression of opinion, I ask that when this question be taken it be taken, by ayes and noes. For the sake of a full expression of opinion, I ask that when this question be taken it be taken, by ayes and noes. 

 'THE BANK OF FAITH.' A new edition (the second American from the seventh London edition) of that instructive, entertaining and unique work, entitled 'God the Guardian of the Poor, and the Bank of Faith,' by the celebrated William Huntington, S.S. ('Sinner Saved,') has just been published by Orange Scott, of this city, for the Wesleyan Methodist Connection. It is a work too well known in the religious world to need any description at our hands. It purport to be 'a display of the providences of God, which have at sundry times attended the author,' and has a more than romantic interest attached to it. 'THE BANK OF FAITH.' A new edition (the second American from the seventh London edition) of that instructive, entertaining and unique work, entitled 'God the Guardian of the Poor, and the Bank of Faith,' by the celebrated William Huntington, S.S. ('Sinner Saved,') has just been published by Orange Scott, of this city, for the Wesleyan Methodist Connection. It is a work too well known in the religious world to need any description at our hands. It purport to be 'a display of the providences of God, which have at sundry times attended the author,' and has a more than romantic interest attached to it. 

 The following resolutions have passed the Massachusetts Senate unanimously: The following resolutions have passed the Massachusetts Senate unanimously: Resolved, That the power to unite an independent foreign State with the United States is not among the powers delegated to the general government by the Constitution of the United States. Resolved, That the power to unite an independent foreign State with the United States is not among the powers delegated to the general government by the Constitution of the United States. Resolved, That the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, faithful to the compact between the people of the United States, according to the plain meaning and intent in which it was understood and acceded to by them, is sincerely anxious for its preservation. But that it is determined, as it doubts not the other States are, to submit to undelegated powers in no body of men on earth. That the project of the annexation of Texas, unless arrested on the threshold, may tend to drive these States into a dissolution of the Union, and will furnish new calumnies against republican governments, by exposing the gross contradiction of a people professing to be free, and yet seeking to extend and perpetuate the subjection of their slaves. Resolved, That the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, faithful to the compact between the people of the United States, according to the plain meaning and intent in which it was understood and acceded to by them, is sincerely anxious for its preservation. But that it is determined, as it doubts not the other States are, to submit to undelegated powers in no body of men on earth. That the project of the annexation of Texas, unless arrested on the threshold, may tend to drive these States into a dissolution of the Union, and will furnish new calumnies against republican governments, by exposing the gross contradiction of a people professing to be free, and yet seeking to extend and perpetuate the subjection of their slaves. Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolves to each of the Senators and members of the House of Representatives of this Commonwealth in the Congress of the United States. Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolves to each of the Senators and members of the House of Representatives of this Commonwealth in the Congress of the United States. Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of the same resolves to the Executive of the United States and of the several States. Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of the same resolves to the Executive of the United States and of the several States. 

 Great Fire at Canton— 1400 Houses Burnt.— The ship Ann McKim, Capt. Vasmer, arrived last evening from China, whence she sailed on the 19th of November, being near a month later than the date of our previous advices (via England.) A most destructive fire occurred at Canton on the night of October 24th. It destroyed from 1200 to 1500 buildings, including the Danish Factory, Turner's Factory, part of the French Factory, the ancient temple of Pak-tai-meun, dedicated to the god of the North Pole, and the whole of New China street. It commenced about 7 o'clock in the evening, in some Chinese Mat-houses, situated about 100 yards to the N. West of New China-street, (there being a light breeze from the Southward,) and then spread in all directions, more particularly to the windward. Great Fire at Canton Great Fire at Canton — 1400 Houses Burnt. Houses Burnt. — The ship Ann McKim, Capt. Vasmer, arrived last evening from China, whence she sailed on the 19th of November, being near a month later than the date of our previous advices (via England.) A most destructive fire occurred at Canton on the night of October 24th. It destroyed from 1200 to 1500 buildings, including the Danish Factory, Turner's Factory, part of the French Factory, the ancient temple of Pak-tai-meun, dedicated to the god of the North Pole, and the whole of New China street. It commenced about 7 o'clock in the evening, in some Chinese Mat-houses, situated about 100 yards to the N. West of New China-street, (there being a light breeze from the Southward,) and then spread in all directions, more particularly to the windward. Another dreadful fire occurred in Bethany, Conn. on Tuesday night last, the particulars of which are from a New-Haven correspondent of the Hartford Courant. He says, 'The house of Dr. Spencer took fire about midnight, from a wooden pail in which ashes had been put. The doctor was aroused by the cry of fire without; the flames had then made great headway; but he succeeded in getting out his wife and three children. Two children yet remained, and for these he returned; but alas, the floor fell before he could get out, and they all perished together! He was a worthy man, a practising physician of the town, and one of our warm political friends, being the Chairman of the Whig Town Committee. The news of this event caused a great sensation in New-Haven, when it reached there this morning.' Another dreadful fire occurred in Bethany, Conn. on Tuesday night last, the particulars of which are from a New-Haven correspondent of the Hartford Courant. He says, 'The house of Dr. Spencer took fire about midnight, from a wooden pail in which ashes had been put. The doctor was aroused by the cry of fire without; the flames had then made great headway; but he succeeded in getting out his wife and three children. Two children yet remained, and for these he returned; but alas, the floor fell before he could get out, and they all perished together! He was a worthy man, a practising physician of the town, and one of our warm political friends, being the Chairman of the Whig Town Committee. The news of this event caused a great sensation in New-Haven, when it reached there this morning.' Fire and Great Loss of Life at Nantucket. Edgartown, February 22d. The Poor House at Quaise, Nantucket, was entirely consumed by fire on the night of the 20th inst. The following eight persons, inmates, perished in the flames: Paul Jenkins, Thomas Hull, William Hutchins, Jonathan Cathcart, William Holmes, Sophia Beebe, Phebe Jones, Mirah Davis.— New Bedford Bulletin. Fire and Great Loss of Life at Nantucket. Fire and Great Loss of Life at Nantucket. Edgartown, February 22d. The Poor House at Quaise, Nantucket, was entirely consumed by fire on the night of the 20th inst. The following eight persons, inmates, perished in the flames: Paul Jenkins, Thomas Hull, William Hutchins, Jonathan Cathcart, William Holmes, Sophia Beebe, Phebe Jones, Mirah Davis.— New Bedford Bulletin. New Bedford Bulletin. 

 The N.O. Republican (Mr. Tyler's official organ) on the 10th ult. reiterates the absurd story of the Texas papers regarding the Annexation Treaty supposed to have been effected, and goes into detail, thus: The N.O. Republican (Mr. Tyler's official organ) on the 10th ult. reiterates the absurd story of the Texas papers regarding the Annexation Treaty supposed to have been effected, and goes into detail, thus: We have received the following particulars in relation to the negotiation of the treaty for the annexation of Texas to the United States. The source from which we have derived them is entitled to the utmost confidence. Early in January, a resolution was offered simultaneously in both Houses of Congress of Texas, favorable to its annexation to the United States. In the Senate it passed unanimously; and in the lower House out of 40 members, 36 voted in its favor; 2 voting against the resolutions, and 2 declining to vote at all. The result was immediately transmitted to the Executive of the United States. Upon its being laid before the United States Senate, in secret session, the action of that body was in favor of annexation by a vote of 40 to 9. A treaty was thereupon drawn up and immediately forwarded to the Collector of this port, with instructions, should there be no immediate conveyance, to forward the despatch by express with the least possible delay. The document reached here one day previous to the last sailing of the Neptune, and by that vessel forwarded to the care of our Charge d'Affaires, Gen. Murphy, then at Galveston, who, upon receiving it, immediately sent it by express to the Texan seat of government, in the hope that it would reach there before the adjournment of Congress. In this, however, he was disappointed. However, previously to the adjournment they passed a joint resolution, authorizing President Houston to confirm the treaty. We have received the following particulars in relation to the negotiation of the treaty for the annexation of Texas to the United States. The source from which we have derived them is entitled to the utmost confidence. Early in January, a resolution was offered simultaneously in both Houses of Congress of Texas, favorable to its annexation to the United States. In the Senate it passed unanimously; and in the lower House out of 40 members, 36 voted in its favor; 2 voting against the resolutions, and 2 declining to vote at all. The result was immediately transmitted to the Executive of the United States. Upon its being laid before the United States Senate, in secret session, the action of that body was in favor of annexation by a vote of 40 to 9. A treaty was thereupon drawn up and immediately forwarded to the Collector of this port, with instructions, should there be no immediate conveyance, to forward the despatch by express with the least possible delay. The document reached here one day previous to the last sailing of the Neptune, and by that vessel forwarded to the care of our Charge d'Affaires, Gen. Murphy, then at Galveston, who, upon receiving it, immediately sent it by express to the Texan seat of government, in the hope that it would reach there before the adjournment of Congress. In this, however, he was disappointed. However, previously to the adjournment they passed a joint resolution, authorizing President Houston to confirm the treaty. Wonderful news, this! Wonderful news, this! 

 MARRIED.— In Brattleboro, Vt. Feb. 15th, by Rev. J.C. Foster, Mr. Charles Balfour, of Montego Bay, Jamaica, to Miss Bixby Bradshaw, of Brattleboro. MARRIED.— In Brattleboro, Vt. Feb. 15th, by Rev. J.C. Foster, Mr. Charles Balfour, of Montego Bay, Jamaica, to Miss Bixby Bradshaw, of Brattleboro. In New-York city, Feb. 22d, by Rev. Theodore S. Wright, Mr. Edwin F. Howard, of Boston, to Miss Joanna L. Turpin, of New-Rochelle, N.Y. In New-York city, Feb. 22d, by Rev. Theodore S. Wright, Mr. Edwin F. Howard, of Boston, to Miss Joanna L. Turpin, of New-Rochelle, N.Y. 

 Mr. Wise has submitted a minority report from the Select Committee appointed at the commencement of the session of Congress to revise the rules and orders, which bears his own and the signature of Reuben Chapman, of Alabama. The report takes the highest ground ever assumed by southern men, in regard to the institution of slavery, and advances some opinions which we presume few, if any of the citizens of the free States will sanction. In regard to the 21st or 25th rule, (the 21st of the last Congress, and the 25th of the present,) it says that 'It involves a subject the most important of any, not excepting war itself, which has enforced itself upon the minds of the whole country, from the sitting of the Convention which formed the Constitution of the federal government, through every Congress which has sat under that instrument down to the present day.' With this text the report goes into the entire congressional history upon the subject of slavery, and even bound that . . . which seem to us entirely partial, and unwarranted by the facts commented upon in the report. It speaks of the State relations of slavery, and the federal relations of slavery, admitting that federal relations do exist in the clause which provides for the representation of three-fifths of the slaves, and that Congress can legislate in reference to this power and no other, and in reference to this no further than relates to the apportionment of representatives and direct taxation. Mr. Wise has submitted a minority report from the Select Committee appointed at the commencement of the session of Congress to revise the rules and orders, which bears his own and the signature of Reuben Chapman, of Alabama. The report takes the highest ground ever assumed by southern men, in regard to the institution of slavery, and advances some opinions which we presume few, if any of the citizens of the free States will sanction. In regard to the 21st or 25th rule, (the 21st of the last Congress, and the 25th of the present,) it says that 'It involves a subject the most important of any, not excepting war itself, which has enforced itself upon the minds of the whole country, from the sitting of the Convention which formed the Constitution of the federal government, through every Congress which has sat under that instrument down to the present day.' With this text the report goes into the entire congressional history upon the subject of slavery, and even bound that . . . which seem to us entirely partial, and unwarranted by the facts commented upon in the report. It speaks of the State State relations of slavery, and the federal federal relations of slavery, admitting that federal relations do exist in the clause which provides for the representation of three-fifths of the slaves, and that Congress can legislate in reference to this power and no other, and in reference to this no further than relates to the apportionment of representatives and direct taxation. Upon that clause of the Constitution which gives Congress 'exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over the District of Columbia,' an entirely southern view is presented. The reasoning here is eminently Virginian. It says: Upon that clause of the Constitution which gives Congress 'exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over the District of Columbia,' an entirely southern view is presented. The reasoning here is eminently Virginian. It says: 'The words of the Constitution are, 'to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever.' What do these words import? The undersigned humbly submit that their true sense and meaning is, that to Congress exclusively is given the power to legislate for the District of Columbia, 'in all cases whatsoever,' which are the proper subjects of legislation. No State shall legislate for it; and the District having no District Legislature, and no representation in Congress, cannot legislate for itself. But the terms 'in all cases whatsoever,' do not grant an absolute sovereign power to take private property for no public use without just compensation, as in the case of emancipation by law; but only a legislative power, which may regulate, but not destroy and take away the rights of property in any form in which it was found to exist at the time of the cessions by Virginia and Maryland, and which can only take private property for public use, with just compensation.' 'The words of the Constitution are, 'to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever.' What do these words import? The undersigned humbly submit that their true sense and meaning is, that to Congress exclusively is given the power to legislate for the District of Columbia, 'in all cases whatsoever,' which are the proper subjects of legislation. No State shall legislate for it; and the District having no District Legislature, and no representation in Congress, cannot legislate for itself. But the terms 'in all cases whatsoever,' do not grant an absolute sovereign power to take private property for no public use without just compensation, as in the case of emancipation by law; but only a legislative power, which may regulate, but not destroy and take away the rights of property in any form in which it was found to exist at the time of the cessions by Virginia and Maryland, and which can only take private property for public use, with just compensation.' We cannot see the distinction so clearly; but as we propose not now to discuss the report, but to give an abstract of it, we leave the subject for the present. There is, unquestionably, a difference between sovereign and legislative powers; but that a line is to be drawn between one and another branch of the same subject as defined in the report, we do not believe. Because 'there are certain clauses of the Constitution which restrain Congress, as the national Legislature, from passing certain laws— as that which forbids the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, the passage of a bill of attainder, or ex post facto law, a law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press, or the right of the people to assemble and petition, or the right of the people to keep and bear arms, or the right to be secure in persons, houses, papers, and effects, and which says, 'nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation,' there, though Congress has 'exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever,' in the District of Columbia, it is contended that it cannot in any way interfere with slavery here, by doing any thing which will tend to its abolition. To give the more force to this opinion, the following claims, conclusions and admissions are drawn: We cannot see the distinction so clearly; but as we propose not now to discuss the report, but to give an abstract of it, we leave the subject for the present. There is, unquestionably, a difference between sovereign and legislative powers; but that a line is to be drawn between one and another branch of the same subject as defined in the report, we do not believe. Because 'there are certain clauses of the Constitution which restrain Congress, as the national Legislature, from passing certain laws— as that which forbids the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, the passage of a bill of attainder, or ex post facto ex post facto law, a law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press, or the right of the people to assemble and petition, or the right of the people to keep and bear arms, or the right to be secure in persons, houses, papers, and effects, and which says, 'nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation,' there, though Congress has 'exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever,' in the District of Columbia, it is contended that it cannot in any way interfere with slavery here, by doing any thing which will tend to its abolition. To give the more force to this opinion, the following claims, conclusions and admissions are drawn: 1. Nothing which Congress is expressly prohibited by the Constitution from doing in respect to the whole nation, can it do in the District of Columbia. 1. Nothing which Congress is expressly prohibited by the Constitution from doing in respect to the whole nation, can it do in the District of Columbia. 2d. That all the duties and obligations which the States are bound by the Constitution to perform and observe in respect to each other, the Legislature for the District of Columbia is bound to perform and observe in respect to each and all of the States. 2d. That all the duties and obligations which the States are bound by the Constitution to perform and observe in respect to each other, the Legislature for the District of Columbia is bound to perform and observe in respect to each and all of the States. 3d. That Congress legislating for the District of Columbia, can do no act, and pass no law which the States are prohibited from doing or passing by the Constitution. 3d. That Congress legislating for the District of Columbia, can do no act, and pass no law which the States are prohibited from doing or passing by the Constitution. 4th. Private property cannot be taken, except for public use. 4th. Private property cannot be taken, except for public use. 5th. This power of exclusive legislation is restrained by the deeds of cession from the States of Virginia and Maryland, and the acceptance of them by Congress. 5th. This power of exclusive legislation is restrained by the deeds of cession from the States of Virginia and Maryland, and the acceptance of them by Congress. 6th. It is argued that the Virginia deed of cession warrants this inference, though its terms are that the track of country is 'forever ceded and relinquished to the Congress and government of the United States, in full and absolute right and jurisdiction, as well of soil as of persons residing or to reside thereon.' Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to vest in the United States any right of property in the soil, or to affect the rights of individuals therein, otherwise than the same shall, or may be transferred by such individuals to the U. States. 6th. It is argued that the Virginia deed of cession warrants this inference, though its terms are that the track of country is 'forever ceded and relinquished to the Congress and government of the United States, in full and absolute right and jurisdiction, as well of soil as of persons residing or to reside thereon.' Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to vest in the United States any right of property in the soil, or to affect the rights of individuals therein, otherwise than the same shall, or may be transferred by such individuals to the U. States. This proviso, the report argues, takes away from Congress the power of abolishing slavery in this District. This proviso, the report argues, takes away from Congress the power of abolishing slavery in this District. 7th. If this power of 'exclusive legislation' is unlimited and absolute, it applies only 'in all cases whatsoever' 'over such District, not exceeding ten miles square,' as may become the seat of the government of the United States; but Congress is by the same clause given the power 'to exercise like authority over all places purchased' for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, &c. 7th. If this power of 'exclusive legislation' is unlimited and absolute, it applies only 'in all cases whatsoever' 'over such District, not exceeding ten miles square,' as may become the seat of the government of the United States; but Congress is by the same clause given the power 'to exercise like authority over all places purchased' for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, &c. 8th. The possibility of the removal of the seat of the government of the United States from the District of Columbia, should restrain this power of 'exclusive legislation' from abolishing slavery. If slavery here were to be abolished, and these ten miles square should ever revert, as they must, to their respective slave States, in the event of removal of the seat of government— in what an anomalous condition would the people of the District be placed! Would Congress return it as it was committed to its charge? Could the Maryland and Virginia portions of the District be placed in statu quo? Would the freed men again become slaves? Would these States permit the District to remain free? 8th. The possibility of the removal of the seat of the government of the United States from the District of Columbia, should restrain this power of 'exclusive legislation' from abolishing slavery. If slavery here were to be abolished, and these ten miles square should ever revert, as they must, to their respective slave States, in the event of removal of the seat of government— in what an anomalous condition would the people of the District be placed! Would Congress return it as it was committed to its charge? Could the Maryland and Virginia portions of the District be placed in statu quo? Would the freed men again become slaves? Would these States permit the District to remain free? 9th. For any purpose like that of compensation for slaves taken for emancipation, even admitting that emancipation would be a 'public use,' in any sense understood by the framers of the constitution, the District of Columbia has no treasury, no coffers, no source from which to draw funds wherewith to pay owners of the slave property. The revenues of the Federal Government, raised for specific purposes, can only be applied to them. They cannot be taken from the national treasury, from the pockets of the whole Union, to pay masters in this District for emancipated slaves. Were the citizens themselves of this District to pray for such an exercise of power as that of taxing other people for their uses and benefits, their prayers, under our federal constitution, could not be granted. And if the slave owners of the District themselves shall be taxed to pay themselves, where would be their compensation? 9th. For any purpose like that of compensation for slaves taken for emancipation, even admitting that emancipation would be a 'public use,' in any sense understood by the framers of the constitution, the District of Columbia has no treasury, no coffers, no source from which to draw funds wherewith to pay owners of the slave property. The revenues of the Federal Government, raised for specific purposes, can only be applied to them. They cannot be taken from the national treasury, from the pockets of the whole Union, to pay masters in this District for emancipated slaves. Were the citizens themselves of this District to pray for such an exercise of power as that of taxing other people for their uses and benefits, their prayers, under our federal constitution, could not be granted. And if the slave owners of the District themselves shall be taxed to pay themselves, where would be their compensation? 10th. If this power is unlimited, and Congress may pay for slaves emancipated in the District of Columbia, out of any funds whatever, either those subject to its appropriation out of the national treasury, or those which might be raised by direct taxation from the people of the district,— from the same source Congress might purchase slaves for bondage as well as for freedom; for slavery as well as for emancipation. And will it be contended that the Congress can become a slaveholder and a taskmaster? 10th. If this power is unlimited, and Congress may pay for slaves emancipated in the District of Columbia, out of any funds whatever, either those subject to its appropriation out of the national treasury, or those which might be raised by direct taxation from the people of the district,— from the same source Congress might purchase slaves for bondage as well as for freedom; for slavery as well as for emancipation. And will it be contended that the Congress can become a slaveholder and a taskmaster? 11th. The want of a representation by the people of the District should restrain this power of legislation to tax the people to pay themselves for their own private property, taken for no 'public use.' To tax a people without representation— to take their private property without just compensation, for no 'public use,' would be the very essence of tyranny, which no reasoning can extract from the constitution. 11th. The want of a representation by the people of the District should restrain this power of legislation to tax the people to pay themselves for their own private property, taken for no 'public use.' To tax a people without representation— to take their private property without just compensation, for no 'public use,' would be the very essence of tyranny, which no reasoning can extract from the constitution. 12th. 'The nature of society and of government' in the States of Virginia and Maryland, restrains this power of exclusive legislation. Their social and state policy was well understood by Congress at the time it accepted of their deeds of cession. From the very condition of slavery in those States, the implication is irresistible, that it entered not into the minds of either granter or grantee, either the legislature of those States or Congress, that such a power should be given or be exercised. 12th. 'The nature of society and of government' in the States of Virginia and Maryland, restrains this power of exclusive legislation. Their social and state policy was well understood by Congress at the time it accepted of their deeds of cession. From the very condition of slavery in those States, the implication is irresistible, that it entered not into the minds of either granter or grantee, either the legislature of those States or Congress, that such a power should be given or be exercised. What follows in the Report relates mainly to the legislative history of the country upon the subject of Slavery, beginning with the ordinance of July 13, 1789, which declared in effect that there should be no Slavery northwest of the Ohio river, and ending with the obnoxious provision of the present Congress, which prohibits the reception of all petitions touching the institution of slavery in the District of Columbia, or in any way relating to the subject of slavery. The Report maintains from this legislation what to us seems entirely contrary to the fact, that just in proportion as Congress has favored petitioners upon this subject with a hearing, they have increased their demands. The author of the Report (Mr. Wise) forgets that Congress has for many years past been enacting severer and yet severer provisions against the reception of petitions, and to this cause alone we attribute the increased excitement upon the subject.' If there is ten fold more excitement now than there was ten years since, the cause is to be found almost alone in blind and tyrannical legislation of Congress against the right of petition. It is so absurd to say that this right is not interfered with by the rules now enforced, that it would be doubting the common sense [ ]of our readers to discuss the subject. What follows in the Report relates mainly to the legislative history of the country upon the subject of Slavery, beginning with the ordinance of July 13, 1789, which declared in effect that there should be no Slavery northwest of the Ohio river, and ending with the obnoxious provision of the present Congress, which prohibits the reception of all petitions touching the institution of slavery in the District of Columbia, or in any way relating to the subject of slavery. The Report maintains from this legislation what to us seems entirely contrary to the fact, that just in proportion as Congress has favored petitioners upon this subject with a hearing, they have increased their demands. The author of the Report (Mr. Wise) forgets that Congress has for many years past been enacting severer and yet severer provisions against the reception of petitions, and to this cause alone we attribute the increased excitement upon the subject.' If there is ten fold more excitement now than there was ten years since, the cause is to be found almost alone in blind and tyrannical legislation of Congress against the right of petition. It is so absurd to say that this right is not interfered with by the rules now enforced, that it would be doubting the common sense [ ]of our readers to discuss the subject. The minority recommend in conclusion: The minority recommend in conclusion: 1st. That the rule be not stricken out. 1st st 

 The lecture on Tuesday evening, March 5, will be delivered by Rev. CALEB STETSON, of Medford, or by Dr. JOEL SHEW, of New-York. Should it be by the latter, his subject will be 'The Cold Water Cure,' and will be highly interesting. The lecture on Tuesday evening, March 5, will be delivered by Rev. CALEB STETSON, of Medford, or by Dr. JOEL SHEW, of New-York. Should it be by the latter, his subject will be 'The Cold Water Cure,' and will be highly interesting. To commence at 8 o'clock precisely. To commence at 8 o'clock precisely. CHAS. A. BATTISTE, Sec. CHAS. A. BATTISTE, Sec. Sec. Boston, March 1, 1844. Boston Boston , March 1, 1844. 

 The Albany Patriot gives the particulars of the case of Wm. Johnson, fugitive slave who escaped with his family into Canada from Missouri about three years ago. Soon after, he engaged himself as a cook on board one of the Buffalo steamboats, in which situation he was seized by his old master's son and carried back to Missouri. In order to compel him to confess where his family was, he was placed in the stocks, and burnt with red hot irons on his right side and arm, his tormentors cursing and blaspheming, and threatening to burn his heart out! The President and Secretary of the Albany Vigilance Committee in their report of this atrocious outrage, say: 'The man is a cripple for life, his whole side seems partially paralyzed from the effects of the stocks and burning. He is constantly in pain, and halts when walking— is compelled to use a staff. He showed us the marks he carries, marks of his cruel tormentors, and will carry them to the grave.' The Albany Patriot gives the particulars of the case of Wm. Johnson, fugitive slave who escaped with his family into Canada from Missouri about three years ago. Soon after, he engaged himself as a cook on board one of the Buffalo steamboats, in which situation he was seized by his old master's son and carried back to Missouri. In order to compel him to confess where his family was, he was placed in the stocks, and burnt with red hot irons on his right side and arm, his tormentors cursing and blaspheming, and threatening to burn his heart out! The President and Secretary of the Albany Vigilance Committee in their report of this atrocious outrage, say: 'The man is a cripple for life, his whole side seems partially paralyzed from the effects of the stocks and burning. He is constantly in pain, and halts when walking— is compelled to use a staff. He showed us the marks he carries, marks of his cruel tormentors, and will carry them to the grave.' About three months ago, Johnson escaped a second time from his bondage, and was kindly received by the abolitionists of Albany, on his way to his family in Canada. About three months ago, Johnson escaped a second time from his bondage, and was kindly received by the abolitionists of Albany, on his way to his family in Canada. 

 A cry of distress by the palace-hall door,A half stifled wail breaking low on the ear;Gay carriage-wheels flash to the lamp-lights before,And the song and the revel, with deafening roar,Drown the voice of that famish'd one sitting in fear,As she shrieks in each pause of the storm and the blast,A might for the starving! ye opulent, cast.' A cry of distress by the palace-hall door,A half stifled wail breaking low on the ear;Gay carriage-wheels flash to the lamp-lights before,And the song and the revel, with deafening roar,Drown the voice of that famish'd one sitting in fear,As she shrieks in each pause of the storm and the blast,A might for the starving! ye opulent, cast.'       Loud rages the mirth of the banquet within,And the plaint 'in Christ's name,' for a morsel of bread,Falls not on their ear 'mid the revelry's din,But the night passes on, till the morning breaks in—When, lo! on the cold stone, all ghastly and dead,Lies the corse that grew cold in the height of their glee;A starved babe on her bosom as silent as she! Loud rages the mirth of the banquet within,And the plaint 'in Christ's name,' for a morsel of bread,Falls not on their ear 'mid the revelry's din,But the night passes on, till the morning breaks in—When, lo! on the cold stone, all ghastly and dead,Lies the corse that grew cold in the height of their glee;A starved babe on her bosom as silent as she!       Bring, bring your rough hearses and bear her away,She has stung their proud hearts with remorse, and with pain;Take her forth to her couch in the damp frozen clay,It is softer by far than the stones where she layAt the door of the proud, by whose scorn she was slain:Bear the corpse from their sight— it has bitter'd their wine;Away! nor disturb the drunk men at their shrine. Bring, bring your rough hearses and bear her away,She has stung their proud hearts with remorse, and with pain;Take her forth to her couch in the damp frozen clay,It is softer by far than the stones where she layAt the door of the proud, by whose scorn she was slain:Bear the corpse from their sight— it has bitter'd their wine;Away! nor disturb the drunk men at their shrine.       My God! is it thus? Ask the mines and the cells,Where pale haggard Want shrieks aloud in distress;Ask the garret and lane, and dark infamy's hell,Where the mad, the half-starved, and the ruined ones dwell,Who have pleaded in vain for some soft hand to bless,And been spurn'd like a worm from our sympathy's face,Till they stalk'd forth to death, with the fiend of disgrace! My God! is it thus? Ask the mines and the cells,Where pale haggard Want shrieks aloud in distress;Ask the garret and lane, and dark infamy's hell,Where the mad, the half-starved, and the ruined ones dwell,Who have pleaded in vain for some soft hand to bless,And been spurn'd like a worm from our sympathy's face,Till they stalk'd forth to death, with the fiend of disgrace!       There are millions who lift up their hands in despair,Whose hollow cheeks bleach in the depths where they lie;There are millions— who feel not the light nor the air,Who murmur for death, but are mock'd in their prayer,And live but to linger and awfully die!As the slave that's lashed forth every day to his pain, There are millions who lift up their hands in despair,Whose hollow cheeks bleach in the depths where they lie;There are millions— who feel not the light nor the air,Who murmur for death, but are mock'd in their prayer,And live but to linger and awfully die!As the slave that's lashed forth every day to his pain,      And is tortured to death, yet can loose not his chain!'T is for such, we would plead— not the gift of your gain,But a mite from your hoard, and your sympathy's tear;For the widow, whose sailor-boy sleeps in the main,For the orphans, unshelter'd from tempest and rain,Who speak in their want! Are ye men— ye will hear,And arise in Humanity's spirit to blessYour kin and your sisters who wail in distress. And is tortured to death, yet can loose not his chain!'T is for such, we would plead— not the gift of your gain,But a   mite mite from your hoard, and your sympathy's tear;For the widow, whose sailor-boy sleeps in the main,For the orphans, unshelter'd from tempest and rain,Who speak in their want! Are ye men— ye will hear,And arise in Humanity's spirit to blessYour kin and your sisters who wail in distress.      Rise! let not the winds bear their pleading unheard,By the brave men who gave up their lives for your weal,By that God whom ye worship, Oh! sit not unstirred,But rise for your nature, and manfully girdNot the Priest's nor the Levite's, who turn'd on his heel,But the lowly Samaritan's spirit to thine,And bear gentle balm to the stricken one's shrine. Rise! let not the winds bear their pleading unheard,By the brave men who gave up their lives for your weal,By that God whom ye worship, Oh! sit not unstirred,But rise for your nature, and manfully girdNot the Priest's nor the Levite's, who turn'd on his heel,But the lowly Samaritan's spirit to thine,And bear gentle balm to the stricken one's shrine.       They ask— ay, they claim in their weakness, your might:Ye are Christ-like alone when ye help the distressed;They plead with their tears,— can ye turn from the sight,And sleep with free hearts on your pillows to-night,Who have spurn'd the wild cry of the grieved and oppressed?For yourselves, as for them— for your peace, as for God—Bear balm to the crushed by strong Penury's rod! They ask— ay, they claim claim in their weakness, your might:Ye are Christ-like alone when ye help the distressed;They plead with their tears,— can ye turn from the sight,And sleep with free hearts on your pillows to-night,Who have spurn'd the wild cry of the grieved and oppressed?For yourselves, as for them— for your peace, as for God—Bear balm to the crushed by strong Penury's rod!       

 'The United States Revenue Cutter Nautilus had arived at Nassau, to demand the slaves who fled from Florida some time since, committed a murder at Key Biscane, and then took refuge at Nassau. The Nautilus was compelled, however, to sail again without accomplishing her object. The authorities of Nassau refused to give up the fugitives from justice, on the plea that the proofs were not sufficient.— Courier and Enquirer. 'The United States Revenue Cutter Nautilus had arived at Nassau, to demand the slaves who fled from Florida some time since, committed a murder at Key Biscane, and then took refuge at Nassau. The Nautilus was compelled, however, to sail again without accomplishing her object. The authorities of Nassau refused to give up the fugitives from justice, on the plea that the proofs were not sufficient.— Courier and Enquirer. Courier and Enquirer. Eh— ha! Now stand from under. That is as we supposed it would be. 'Capting Tyler' would never stand that! Niggers must never think of running away to the British West Indies, while he is President, without being demanded from the British Government, especially if they happen to kill a man who attempts to arrest them, or take away their lives. No— no— Cap'n Tyler will give them a'r British thunder next. How he wants to lick 'em, does n't he? 'But they refused to give up the fugitives.' Eh— ha! Now stand from under. That is as we supposed it would be. 'Capting Tyler' would never stand that! Niggers must never think of running away to the British West Indies, while he is President, without being demanded from the British Government, especially if they happen to kill a man who attempts to arrest them, or take away their lives. No— no— Cap'n Tyler will give them a'r British thunder next. How he wants to lick 'em, does n't he? 'But they refused to give up the fugitives.' Plague on them. But we thought it would be jist like 'em to do so.— Albany Patriot. Plague on them. Plague on them. But we thought it would be jist like 'em to do so.— Albany Patriot. Albany Patriot. 

 Two jolly old topers once sat in an Inn,Discussing the merits of Brandy and Gin;Said one to the other, 'I will tell you what, Bill,I've been hearing to-day, of the Teetotal mill. Two jolly old topers once sat in an Inn,Discussing the merits of Brandy and Gin;Said one to the other, 'I will tell you what, Bill,I've been hearing to-day, of the Teetotal mill.    You must know that this comical mill has been builtOf old broken casks, when the liquor's been spilt;You go up some steps, and when at the door-sill,You've a paper to sign at the Teetotal mill. You must know that this comical mill has been builtOf old broken casks, when the liquor's been spilt;You go up some steps, and when at the door-sill,You've a paper to sign at the Teetotal mill.    You promise, by signing the paper, (I think,)That ale, wine and spirits you never will drink;You give up (as they call it) such 'rascally swill,'And then go into the Teetotal mill. You promise, by signing the paper, (I think,)That ale, wine and spirits you never will drink;You give up (as they call it) such 'rascally swill,'And then go into the Teetotal mill.    There's a wheel in this mill that they call 'self-denial,'They turn it a bit just to give you a trial;Old clothes are made new ones, and if you've been ill,You are very soon cured at the Teetotal mill.' There's a wheel in this mill that they call 'self-denial,'They turn it a bit just to give you a trial;Old clothes are made new ones, and if you've been ill,You are very soon cured at the Teetotal mill.'    Bill listened and wondered;— at length he cried out,'Why, Tom, if it's true, what you're telling about,What fools we must be, to be sitting here still!Let us both go and look at the Teetotal mill.' Bill listened and wondered;— at length he cried out,'Why, Tom, if it's true, what you're telling about,What fools we must be, to be sitting here still!Let us both go and look at the Teetotal mill.'    They gazed with astonishment;— there came a man,With excess and disease his visage was wan;He mounted the step, signed the pledge with good will,And went for a turn in the Teetotal mill. They gazed with astonishment;— there came a man,With excess and disease his visage was wan;He mounted the step, signed the pledge with good will,And went for a turn in the Teetotal mill.    He quickly came out, the picture of health,And walked quickly on in the highway to wealth;And, as onward he pressed, he shouted out still,Success to the wheel of the Teetotal mill.' He quickly came out, the picture of health,And walked quickly on in the highway to wealth;And, as onward he pressed, he shouted out still,Success to the wheel of the Teetotal mill.'    The next that went in were a man and his wife,For many long years they'd been living in strife;He had beat and abused her, and swore he would kill,But his heart took a turn in the Teetotal mill. The next that went in were a man and his wife,For many long years they'd been living in strife;He had beat and abused her, and swore he would kill,But his heart took a turn in the Teetotal mill.    And when he came out, how altered was he!Steady, honest and sober— how happy was she!They no more contend, 'no you shan't,' 'yes I will;They are blessing together the Teetotal mill. And when he came out, how altered was he!Steady, honest and sober— how happy was she!They no more contend, 'no you shan't,' 'yes I will;They are blessing together the Teetotal mill.    Next came a fellow, as grim as a Turk,To curse and to swear seemed his principal work;And he swore that morning his skin he would fill,And drunk as he was, he reeled into the mill. Next came a fellow, as grim as a Turk,To curse and to swear seemed his principal work;And he swore that morning his skin he would fill,And drunk as he was, he reeled into the mill.    And what he saw there I never could tell,But his conduct was chang'd, and his language as well;I saw, when he turned round the brow of the hill,That he knelt and thanked God for the Teetotal mill. And what he saw there I never could tell,But his conduct was chang'd, and his language as well;I saw, when he turned round the brow of the hill,That he knelt and thanked God for the Teetotal mill.    The poor were made RICH, the WEAK were made STRONG,The SHOT was made SHORT, the PURSE was made LONG;These miracles puzzled both Thomas and Bill,At length they went for a turn in the mill. The poor were made RICH, the WEAK were made STRONG,The SHOT was made SHORT, the PURSE was made LONG;These miracles puzzled both Thomas and Bill,At length they went for a turn in the mill.    A little time after I heard a great shout,I turned round to see what the noise was about;A flag was conveyed to the top of the hill,And a crowd, among which were both Thomas and Bill,Were shouting, 'Hurrah for the Teetotal mill!' A little time after I heard a great shout,I turned round to see what the noise was about;A flag was conveyed to the top of the hill,And a crowd, among which were both Thomas and Bill,Were shouting, 'Hurrah for the Teetotal mill!'     

 A grand Fourierite convention is to take place in New York on the 7th of April next, to celebrate the birth-day of Charles Fourier. A grand Fourierite convention is to take place in New York on the 7th of April next, to celebrate the birth-day of Charles Fourier. The whole number of interments in the Mount Auburn Cemetery is 1866; during the past year, 256 were made. The whole number of interments in the Mount Auburn Cemetery is 1866; during the past year, 256 were made. 

 MR. GARRISON: MR. GARRISON: SIR,— I was present this afternoon at the State House, during Mr. Phelps's long and labored argument in support of the gallows, and could not but remark how much ingenuity and hair-splitting was necessary 'to make the wrong appear the better cause.' What a pity that such a shrewd intellect should not be in subjection to a higher power! I mean his moral sense, his spiritual conviction of right— for the very mode in which he labored throughout betrayed, to the most shallow observer, that he was warring with the standard God had set up within him. It was very lawyer-like, truly! I was somewhat struck, I must confess, when he treated that most beautiful and touching account of our Saviour's dealings with the adulteress, and her accusers, as a grotesque farce, which evaded all law and righteousness too! Whereby he represented the Saviour as enacting a scene in a Court-house, and allowing the woman to escape, not only the Jewish penalty, but all moral benefit, either from his counsel or rebuke, by proving, forsooth, the witnesses to be incompetent as such— viz. as interested persons— and thus turning our Saviour's most beautiful and touching address to the woman— 'Neither do I condemn thee; go, and sin no more'— into a mere idle subterfuge of escaping out of the part he attempted to enact, viz. that of judge of a Police Court! by saying, 'All your witnesses have disappeared— the court is adjourned. I cannot act alone in this matter'!! This is a new version, with a witness, or without a witness, as no heart, I think, can bear him testimony in this. It is not possible his brother divines can endorse this interpretation of one of the most beautiful and touching passages in the life of our Saviour. Can they stand by, and coolly see it thus despoiled of all its beauty, and truth, and simplicity? And to think of Jehovah, (for no less a being do they consider him,) coming into this world to perform such a farce!! It was certainly allowing the guilty to escape without even the slightest rebuke of sin, by a mere trick, according to Rev. Mr. Phelps. What will not men do, to uphold a favorite theory! How could he so wrong the character of the Holy and Pure? SIR,— I was present this afternoon at the State House, during Mr. Phelps's long and labored argument in support of the gallows gallows , and could not but remark how much ingenuity and hair-splitting was necessary 'to make the wrong appear the better cause.' What a pity that such a shrewd intellect should not be in subjection to a higher power! I mean his moral sense, his spiritual conviction of right— for the very mode in which he labored throughout betrayed, to the most shallow observer, that he was warring with the standard God had set up within him. It was very lawyer-like, truly! I was somewhat struck, I must confess, when he treated that most beautiful and touching account of our Saviour's dealings with the adulteress, and her accusers, as a grotesque farce farce , which evaded all law and righteousness too! Whereby he represented the Saviour as enacting a scene enacting a scene in a Court-house, and allowing the woman to escape, not only the Jewish penalty, but all moral benefit, either from his counsel or rebuke, by proving, forsooth, the witnesses to be incompetent as such— viz. as interested persons— and thus turning our Saviour's most beautiful and touching address to the woman— 'Neither do I condemn thee; go, and sin no more sin no more '— into a mere idle subterfuge of escaping out of the part he attempted to enact enact , viz. that of judge of a Police Court! by saying, 'All your witnesses have disappeared— the court is adjourned. I cannot act alone alone in this matter'!! This is a new version, with a witness, or without a witness, as no heart, I think, can bear him testimony in this. It is not possible his brother divines can endorse this interpretation of one of the most beautiful and touching passages in the life of our Saviour. Can they stand by, and coolly see it thus despoiled of all its beauty, and truth, and simplicity? And to think of Jehovah, (for no less a being do they consider him,) coming into this world to perform such a farce!! It was certainly allowing the guilty to escape without even the slightest rebuke of sin, by a mere trick mere trick , according to Rev. Mr. Phelps. What will not men do, to uphold a favorite theory! How could he so wrong the character of the Holy and Pure? In the simple reading of the record, what more couching and heart-searching appeals to the woman, than the words of our Saviour, who, we presume, understood the human heart— ' Go, and sin no more.' That was all that remained to her. And what more withering rebuke to her accusers? 'Let him that is without sin, first cast a stone. And their conduct proved that that was heart-searching— for they confessed by their act— they walked off. This was real— there was no farce there. Christ did not need our petty and often contemptible forms of civil polity. He was all directness and truth. In the simple reading of the record, what more couching and heart-searching appeals to the woman, than the words of our Saviour, who, we presume, understood the human heart— ' Go, and sin no more. sin no more. ' That was all all that remained to her. And what more withering rebuke to her accusers? 'Let him that is without sin, first cast a stone. And their conduct proved that that was was heart-searching— for they confessed by their act— they walked off. This was real real — there was no farce farce there. Christ did not need our petty and often contemptible forms of civil polity. He was all directness and truth. This is but one, of many others, of the manly and truthful way in which the clear and christian arguments adduced in favor of the petition for the abolition of capital punishment were met this afternoon by Rev. Mr. Phelps. But more anon. This is but one, of many others, of the manly and truthful way in which the clear and christian arguments adduced in favor of the petition for the abolition of capital punishment were met this afternoon by Rev. Mr. Phelps. But more anon. Yours, for the truth, Yours, for the truth, Monday Evening. Monday Evening. Monday Evening. M. M. 

 LEXINGTON, (Ky.) Jan. 30, 1844. LEXINGTON, (Ky.) Jan. 30, 1844. ELIHU BURRITT, Esq.: ELIHU BURRITT, Esq.: My Dear Sir,— It is from the descendants of the Pilgrim fathers, that I look for an exhibition of that large spirit of philanthropy which has in times past made New-England memorable among the nations . . . that spirit of opposition to slavery which, for ten years of war, and denunciation, and perils, unknown to men, I have nurtured unextinguishable in my bosom. It was in New Haven, at the time of the public meeting called in denunciation of those who had for slavery imprisoned the Cherokee (Geo.) missionaries, that I first felt that indignation against oppression which determined me to make eternal war against slavery— and though I have stood alone, one against a thousand, I thank God that thus far I have remained unscathed in person and unsubdued in spirit. I rejoice that the hearts of my countrymen in all the Union are beginning to be moved: as the rushing waters of the great ocean, the people are troubled, and what shall be able to still the waves? More especially do I take courage from the fact that the Church of the living God, which, in times past, has been the pioneer of liberty and equal rights among men, has begun to awaken from the sleep of death, which had placed its very fingers upon lids that should never close, but be constant in eternal vigils, for without trial and suffering even here on earth, there is neither triumph nor glory! My Dear Sir, My Dear Sir, — It is from the descendants of the Pilgrim fathers, that I look for an exhibition of that large spirit of philanthropy which has in times past made New-England memorable among the nations . . . that spirit of opposition to slavery which, for ten years of war, and denunciation, and perils, unknown to men, I have nurtured unextinguishable in my bosom. It was in New Haven, at the time of the public meeting called in denunciation of those who had for slavery imprisoned the Cherokee (Geo.) missionaries, that I first felt that indignation against oppression which determined me to make eternal war against slavery— and though I have stood alone, one against a thousand, I thank God that thus far I have remained unscathed in person and unsubdued in spirit. I rejoice that the hearts of my countrymen in all the Union are beginning to be moved: as the rushing waters of the great ocean, the people are troubled, and what shall be able to still the waves? More especially do I take courage from the fact that the Church of the living God, which, in times past, has been the pioneer of liberty and equal rights among men, has begun to awaken from the sleep of death, which had placed its very fingers upon lids that should never close, but be constant in eternal vigils, for without trial and suffering even here on earth, there is neither triumph nor glory! Even here, where I have so often heard the Job-like comfort, 'What a pity, that a man of such flattering prospects should have forever ruined himself,' brighter times begin to dawn, and many are waiting the signal to rally to the standard of 'universal emancipation'— many influential citizens are with me— the interests of the poor are with me— I shall first say with the fool, 'There is no God,' before I shall despair of eternal success. Even here, where I have so often heard the Job-like comfort, 'What a pity, that a man of such flattering prospects should have forever ruined himself,' brighter times begin to dawn, and many are waiting the signal to rally to the standard of 'universal emancipation'— many influential citizens are with me— the interests of the poor are with me— I shall first say with the fool, 'There is no God,' before I shall despair of eternal success. C.M. CLAY. C.M. CLAY. 

 We have been requested, by a much esteemed friend, to give the following extract an insertion in the Liberator.— ED. We have been requested, by a much esteemed friend, to give the following extract an insertion in the Liberator.— ED. Extract of a Letter. 'I had hoped to be able to give you an abstract of the arguments against capital punishment; but, in two sessions of two and a half hours each, really there was no argument to report to you. On the part of the first speaker, Mr. Phelps, there was an attempt at argument; but it was so sophistical and twistical— if I may use the term— that I, for one, was able to bring very little away with me. It was principally assertion, and what bore the semblance of argument, (logic there was none) was . . . throughout. As far as I can state it, it seemed to be an attempt to prove that God had commanded man to shed blood for blood— the law of retaliation of the most vindictive kind; that God had a right to issue any command to his creatures— evidently not recognizing Him as a Being of perfect goodness, but simply as a being of unlimited power. Ergo, He might command man to lie and steal, as well as murder; not perceiving that God could not, from his own Holy and Wise nature, command what would be in conflict with that nature. Had he not a right? was the question— by right, meaning might— not right in the sense of righteousness, for goodness is of the same nature in the breast of Deity as man— it differs only in degree: in one it is finite, and mixed with sin— in the other, it is Infinite, and free from all impurity. It is holiness, nought but holiness. God cannot err. It is, therefore, impossible that He could command us to do what He assures us is sin, both by his written scripture, and that earlier scripture, written on the heart of man Did not Cain feel this in his conscience, when he prevaricated, and said, 'Am I my brother's keeper?' 'I had hoped to be able to give you an abstract of the arguments against capital punishment; but, in two sessions of two and a half hours each, really there was no argument to report to you. On the part of the first speaker, Mr. Phelps, there was an attempt at argument; but it was so sophistical and twistical— if I may use the term— that I, for one, was able to bring very little away with me. It was principally assertion, and what bore the semblance of argument, (logic there was none) was . . . throughout. As far as I can state it, it seemed to be an attempt to prove that God had commanded man to shed blood for blood— the law of retaliation of the most vindictive kind; that God had a right to issue any command to his creatures— evidently not recognizing Him as a Being of perfect goodness, but simply as a being of unlimited power. Ergo, He might command man to lie and steal, as well as murder; not perceiving that God could not, from his own Holy and Wise nature, command what would be in conflict with that nature. Had he not a right? was the question— by right right , meaning might might — not right in the sense of righteousness, for goodness is of the same nature in the breast of Deity as man— it differs only in degree: in one it is finite, and mixed with sin— in the other, it is Infinite, and free from all impurity. It is holiness, nought but holiness. God cannot err. It is, therefore, impossible that He could command us to do what He assures us is sin, both by his written scripture, and that earlier scripture, written on the heart of man Did not Cain feel this in his conscience, when he prevaricated, and said, 'Am I my brother's keeper?' Another position taken was, that God had given to the antediluvians a bill of rights; and afterwards to the patriarchs a code of statute laws, with penalties affixed; which code was just about as consistent as our statute laws with our bill of rights. But this is too puerile. In fact, the record does not bear him out, even in this; as before the flood, a penalty, as Mr. P. would call it, (an enunciation of the necessary consequence, I would call it,) was issued in the words, 'The day in which thou eatest thereof, thou shall surely die,' which was announced to Adam. And with regard to the bloody code of the Jews, he did not notice that Christ had said, 'I give unto you a more perfect law.' Oh, no! This would have destroyed his whole argument, such as it was, root and branch. Indeed, neither he, nor Mr. C. who followed him, referred to the gospel at all. The peace on earth and good-will to men would not be much in harmony with blood for blood. No, this would not be to their purpose. In fine, they travelled over the whole patriarchal and Jewish history, and proved nothing. The very attempt to prove that God commanded man to slay his brother man, might as well have been applied to any and all crimes committed since the flood. The only reference to the New-Testament, to the Christian revelation, which I can recal, amid this tangled skein of sophistry, and what seemed to me impious assertion, was the account of Jesus and the adulteress, which Mr. P. robbed of all its beauty and efficacy; and no one could have recognized in his account of it, that truly touching and god-like spirit, which said, 'Neither do I condemn thee; go, and sin no more'; which has spoken peace and comfort to many an erring and penitent soul. Indeed, his version of this was truly revolting; and if his version of the Hebrew passages were equally faithful, no wonder that his interpretation of God's command differs so much from what might be expected of God, which is only another word for GOOD— which term includes all goodness; justice, love, mercy, truth, wisdom and power being but branches of goodness. Indeed, it is difficult to give an account of what seemed so incongruous, so forced, so lawyer-like. Another position taken was, that God had given to the antediluvians a bill of rights; and afterwards to the patriarchs a code of statute laws, with penalties affixed; which code was just about as consistent as our statute laws with our bill of rights. But this is too puerile. In fact, the record does not bear him out, even in this; as before before the flood, a penalty, as Mr. P. would call it, (an enunciation of the necessary consequence, I would call it,) was issued in the words, 'The day in which thou eatest thereof, thou shall surely die,' which was announced to Adam. And with regard to the bloody code of the Jews, he did not notice that Christ had said, 'I give unto you a more perfect law.' Oh, no! This would have destroyed his whole argument, such as it was, root and branch. Indeed, neither he, nor Mr. C. who followed him, referred to the gospel at all. The peace on earth and good-will to men would not be much in harmony with blood for blood. blood for blood. No, this would not be to their purpose. In fine, they travelled over the whole patriarchal and Jewish history, and proved proved nothing. The very attempt to prove that God commanded man to slay his brother man, might as well have been applied to any and all crimes committed since the flood. The only reference to the New-Testament, to the Christian revelation, which I can recal, amid this tangled skein of sophistry, and what seemed to me impious assertion, was the account of Jesus and the adulteress, which Mr. P. robbed of all its beauty and efficacy; and no one could have recognized in his account of it, that truly touching and god-like spirit, which said, 'Neither do I condemn thee; go, and sin no more'; which has spoken peace and comfort to many an erring and penitent soul. Indeed, his version of this was truly revolting; and if his version of the Hebrew passages were equally faithful, no wonder that his interpretation of God's command differs so much from what might be expected of God, which is only another word for GOOD— which term includes all goodness; justice, love, mercy, truth, wisdom and power being but branches of goodness. Indeed, it is difficult to give an account of what seemed so incongruous, so forced, so lawyer-like. Of Phillips' and Garrison's speeches, it is easy to give a clear idea; for they abounded in strong points, and having the truth, as I think, it was quite natural and easy for them to be simple, straightforward, and clear. Every fact they stated agreed with every other fact, and with all facts; every principle elucidated, harmonized with every other principle— for all truth and goodness always harmonize, while falsehood, error and evil passion, are always discordant. The inner man responded to the appeals made by them to our moral nature. Of Phillips' and Garrison's speeches, it is easy to give a clear idea; for they abounded in strong points, and having the truth, as I think, it was quite natural and easy for them to be simple, straightforward, and clear. Every fact they stated agreed with every other fact, and with all facts; every principle elucidated, harmonized with every other principle— for all truth and goodness always harmonize, while falsehood, error and evil passion, are always discordant. The inner man responded to the appeals made by them to our moral nature. Scripture, like all God's communications to us, (by which I mean the influence of his spirit upon ours,) is addressed not to our reason only, but also to our highest nature, our moral sense; and as protestants, we must use these powers, by which to interpret God's will. The scripture addresses them: without these, it would be no revelation to us, more than to the brutes. We cannot, if we would, interpret that to be good, which seemeth to us to be bad. Scripture, like all God's communications to us, (by which I mean the influence of his spirit upon ours,) is addressed not to our reason only, but also to our highest nature, our moral sense; and as protestants, we must use these powers, by which to interpret God's will. The scripture addresses them: without these, it would be no revelation to us, more than to the brutes. We cannot, if we would, interpret that to be good, which seemeth to us to be bad. Colver did not attempt argument. It was sheer dogmatism and abuse. He talked of non-resistance, temperance, peace, associations, Fourierism, abolition— of every thing, in fact, but the arguments of the opposite counsel, as he termed Phillips and Garrison. He appealed to the prejudices of the committee as legislators, in such a broad and coarse manner, as probably quite to defeat his own object. Colver did not attempt argument. It was sheer dogmatism and abuse. He talked of non-resistance, temperance, peace, associations, Fourierism, abolition— of every thing, in fact, but the arguments of the opposite counsel, as he termed Phillips and Garrison. He appealed to the prejudices of the committee as legislators, in such a broad and coarse manner, as probably quite to defeat his own object. He asked, among other questions, (some of which he allowed the people to answer, and some he would not,) if they believed God commanded blood for blood. And when voices from many parts of the hall shouted, 'No!' he asked if they did not believe the Bible! And because they did not interpret its meaning as he did, he said 'they did not believe their Bibles.' This is an old trick, and one which the Orthodox have played off against the Unitarians and others for these twenty years. This goes for just as much as it is worth. This deceives nobody. The community are too enlightened to be brow-beaten in this manner. He asked, among other questions, (some of which he allowed the people to answer, and some he would not,) if they believed God commanded blood for blood. And when voices from many parts of the hall shouted, 'No!' he asked if they did not believe the Bible! And because they did not interpret its meaning as he did as he did , he said ' they did not believe their Bibles. they did not believe their Bibles. ' This is an old trick, and one which the Orthodox have played off against the Unitarians and others for these twenty years. This goes for just as much as it is worth. This deceives nobody. The community are too enlightened to be brow-beaten in this manner. He was quite rabid on the subject of the clergy being appointed hangmen, in case the legislature would not repeal the law. I am quite astonished they should be willing to afford their opponents such a powerful argument as this sensitiveness suggests. It is so perfectly apparent that their instincts contradict their labored conclusions on this matter! If capital punishment be ordained of God, do these clergy feel above obeying God's command? And likening it to the duty of a scavenger, forsooth! 'The last act,' that of hanging— we can't throw off its responsibility. It belongs to the chain— we each of us hold the other end in our hands. What sort of a conscience can take unction to itself on this point, that they don't perform 'the last act,' as Mr. C. calls it? He was quite rabid on the subject of the clergy being appointed hangmen, in case the legislature would not repeal the law. I am quite astonished they should be willing to afford their opponents such a powerful argument as this sensitiveness suggests. It is so perfectly apparent that their instincts contradict their labored conclusions on this matter! If capital punishment be ordained of God, do these clergy feel above obeying God's command? And likening it to the duty of a scavenger, forsooth! 'The last act,' that of hanging— we can't throw off its responsibility. It belongs to the chain— we each of us hold the other end in our hands. What sort of a conscience can take unction to itself on this point, that they don't perform 'the last act,' as Mr. C. calls it? I have only time to refer hastily to Mr. C's. ideas of taxation, government, and Christ's sanction of blood for blood, because he paid taxes to Caesar!! Governments, good or bad, are all of God, from Nero down to the Russian aristocrat! And the idea that a man could not be carried to prison, unless the sheriff had the power to shoot him— also the flat denial of the statistics of other governments on Mr. Cheever's authority, without reference to official reports. I have not time now to go into this. Suffice it to say, several ladies were so much disgusted, as to quit the hall in the midst of his railing. I could not help thinking that those who know they have the right of the matter, never utter it in such a tone of voice. All was uttered by Phillips and Garrison like gentlemen and christians— no raving.' I have only time to refer hastily to Mr. C's. ideas of taxation, government, and Christ's sanction of blood for blood, because he paid taxes to Caesar!! Governments, good or bad good or bad , are all of God, from Nero down to the Russian aristocrat! And the idea that a man could not be carried to prison, unless the sheriff had the power to shoot him— also the flat denial of the statistics of other governments on Mr. Cheever's authority, without reference to official reports. I have not time now to go into this. Suffice it to say, several ladies were so much disgusted, as to quit the hall in the midst of his railing. I could not help thinking that those who know they have the right of the matter, never utter it in such a tone of voice. All was uttered by Phillips and Garrison like gentlemen and christians— no raving.' 

 The Editor of the Lowell Journal, alluding to the late dastardly conduct of Messrs. Bates and Choate, says— The Editor of the Lowell Journal, alluding to the late dastardly conduct of Messrs. Bates and Choate, says— The course of the Massachusetts Senators on this occasion, and when the resolutions were first presented, was positively disgraceful. These resolutions of our Legislature were against the annexation of Texas, and in favor of an amendment of the Constitution, doing away with the representation for slaves in Congress. Mr. Bates presented them to the Senate in January, and moved that they be laid on the table and printed. Whereupon Mr. King of Alabama, and afterwards Mr. Bagby of the same State, began to talk about propositions for a dissolution of the Union, and their regret that Mr. Bates should have felt it his duty to present them. They abused the State, and the Legislature, of Massachusetts— talked of incendiarism and fanaticism in the usual style of Southern bravado. Mr. Bates in reply to all this merely said that he had no desire to excite discussion on the subject; if at any time, certainly not now, the subject being before the House. He felt it incumbent on him to present the resolutions, and he had simply moved to lay them on the table and print them. The proposition to print was rejected, and now, when counter resolutions of the Georgia Legislature have been printed by order of the Senate, Mr. Bates timidly calls the attention of the Senate to the fact, 'that they might, if so disposed, render equal justice to this State, and when he is asked if he wishes to make any motion on the subject, he replies— 'No, sir, none.' This is not the way a Massachusetts Senator should have behaved. He should in the first place have defended his state in her legislative act of passing those righteous resolutions, and again he should have demanded that the resolutions should be civilly treated, as those of Georgia had been. The course of the Massachusetts Senators on this occasion, and when the resolutions were first presented, was positively disgraceful. These resolutions of our Legislature were against the annexation of Texas, and in favor of an amendment of the Constitution, doing away with the representation for slaves in Congress. Mr. Bates presented them to the Senate in January, and moved that they be laid on the table and printed. Whereupon Mr. King of Alabama, and afterwards Mr. Bagby of the same State, began to talk about propositions for a dissolution of the Union, and their regret that Mr. Bates should have felt it his duty to present them. They abused the State, and the Legislature, of Massachusetts— talked of incendiarism and fanaticism in the usual style of Southern bravado. Mr. Bates in reply to all this merely said that he had no desire to excite discussion on the subject; if at any time, certainly not now, the subject being before the House. He felt it incumbent felt it incumbent on him to present the resolutions, and he had simply simply moved to lay them on the table and print them. The proposition to print was rejected, and now, when counter resolutions of the Georgia Legislature have been printed by order of the Senate, Mr. Bates timidly calls the attention of the Senate to the fact, 'that they might, if so disposed, if so disposed, render equal justice to this State, and when he is asked if he wishes to make any motion on the subject, he replies— 'No, sir, none.' This is not the way a Massachusetts Senator should have behaved. He should in the first place have defended his state in her legislative act of passing those righteous resolutions, and again he should have demanded that the resolutions should be civilly treated, as those of Georgia had been. 

 A writer in the Boston Daily Advertiser affects to consider the late petition to the Legislature, on the abolition of capital punishment, as a coarse joke upon the very object of the petition, and also upon the clergy! This is a very curious view of the matter, certainly. The object of the petition is evidently to arouse the public mind, and awaken the conscience, upon the subject— to show the incongruity between the law as it now stands, and Christianity; and proceeds from a most respectable and conscientious class of our fellow-citizens. A writer in the Boston Daily Advertiser affects to consider the late petition to the Legislature, on the abolition of capital punishment, as a coarse joke upon the very object of the petition, and also upon the clergy! This is a very curious view of the matter, certainly. The object of the petition is evidently to arouse the public mind, and awaken the conscience, upon the subject— to show the incongruity between the law as it now stands, and Christianity; and proceeds from a most respectable and conscientious class of our fellow-citizens. The subject is one of too awful moment, to be met with 'a joke'— and as to the clergy, there are many of our most enlightened among them, who deem capital punishment at variance with the entire spirit of Christianity, and utterly opposed to the law of brotherly love, laid down by our Saviour. He says, 'It hath been said to you of old, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, &c.; but I give unto you a more perfect law. I say unto you, return good for evil, &c. The subject is one of too awful moment, to be met with 'a joke'— and as to the clergy, there are many of our most enlightened among them, who deem capital punishment at variance with the entire spirit of Christianity, and utterly opposed to the law of brotherly love, laid down by our Saviour. He says, 'It hath been said to you of old, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, &c.; but I give unto you a more perfect law. I say unto you, return good for evil, &c. That portion of our clergy, who sincerely believe that capital punishment is founded on a divine command given to Noah, seem to me very inconsistent, to say the least, in taking umbrage at this petition— as there can be no odium attached to the exception of God's law. It would not be derogatory to the highest archangel, to obey the command of Jehovah. That portion of our clergy, who sincerely believe that capital punishment is founded on a divine command given to Noah, seem to me very inconsistent, to say the least, in taking umbrage at this petition— as there can be no odium attached to the exception of God's law. It would not be derogatory to the highest archangel, to obey the command of Jehovah. Why did not the high sheriffs feel insulted, when the duty of execution was transferred to their hands, from those of the common hangman? Are they not men of equal respectability with the clergy, and is not their individual responsibility equally great? The fact that the clergy have taken umbrage at this, shows that their moral instinct upon this subject is more true than their judgment. Why did not the high sheriffs feel insulted, when the duty of execution was transferred to their hands, from those of the common hangman? Are they not men of equal respectability with the clergy, and is not their individual responsibility equally great? The fact that the clergy have taken umbrage at this, shows that their moral instinct upon this subject is more true than their judgment. If it be a high and holy act, commanded by God, let the execution of it be committed to the hands of the holiest men in the land, and appropriated to the holiest time; nor let it be done, as now, in a corner of the prison-yard. If done for the sake of example, and a warning to evil-doers, let it be done where evil-doers may see it; not as now, where only a few individuals, and those not men who stand in need of the example, alone behold it. If it be a high and holy act, commanded by God, let the execution of it be committed to the hands of the holiest men in the land, and appropriated to the holiest time; nor let it be done, as now, in a corner of the prison-yard. If done for the sake of example, and a warning to evil-doers, let it be done where evil-doers may see it; not as now, where only a few individuals, and those not men who stand in need of the example, alone behold it. It is generally asserted, that our laws are based upon christian law. If so, why go back to the laws of Moses, and even farther back, to the dark traditions of the time of Noah? This, surely, is not Christianity. When we have the bright noon of day, why go back to a twilight dispensation for this law? It is generally asserted, that our laws are based upon christian law. If so, why go back to the laws of Moses, and even farther back, to the dark traditions of the time of Noah? This, surely, is not Christianity. When we have the bright noon of day, why go back to a twilight dispensation for this law? The strongest scriptural evidence, hitherto adduced in support of capital punishment, is contained in the text above referred to, viz.: 'Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed.' Now a large and respectable part of our clergy understand this passage as prophecy, not as command— as simply an annunciation of what would occur, and has occurred. If we appeal to the history of the time, we shall find that, in case of murder, the nearest of kin to the murdered person was the one to shed the blood of the murderer. Now, the absurdity of considering it in the light of a divine command is quite apparent— for when would the bloodshed cease? The world would become one great slaughter-house!! And how can we reconcile it with the command of the decalogue, 'Thou shalt not kill?' Could the same good and wise Being annunciate both laws? And if we take this law, why not accept, also, the other laws of Moses's time, which stand on equally high authority, and hang the person who picks up sticks on the Sabbath? The strongest scriptural evidence, hitherto adduced in support of capital punishment, is contained in the text above referred to, viz.: 'Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed.' Now a large and respectable part of our clergy understand this passage as prophecy, not as command— as simply an annunciation of what would occur, and has occurred. If we appeal to the history of the time, we shall find that, in case of murder, the nearest of kin to the murdered person was the one to shed the blood of the murderer. Now, the absurdity of considering it in the light of a divine command is quite apparent— for when would the bloodshed cease? The world would become one great slaughter-house!! And how can we reconcile it with the command of the decalogue, 'Thou shalt not kill?' Could the same good and wise Being annunciate both laws? And if we take this law, why not accept, also, the other laws of Moses's time, which stand on equally high authority, and hang the person who picks up sticks on the Sabbath? 'Thou shalt not kill,' harmonizes with Christianity. Does 'Thou shalt kill,' accord with the blessed teachings of Jesus? Is it in accordance with brotherly love? 'Thou shalt not not kill,' harmonizes with Christianity. Does 'Thou shalt shalt kill,' accord with the blessed teachings of Jesus? Is it in accordance with brotherly love? We are all, individually, accountable for the laws of our own State. They proceed from each one who goes to make up the mass. Government is the creature of society. If we have unchristian laws, it becomes the duty of each individual to do all which in him lieth, towards abrogating such laws, either by endeavoring to affect public opinion, or by petitions to our Legislature. The responsibility is not to be set aside, or shaken off. We are all, individually, accountable for the laws of our own State. They proceed from each one who goes to make up the mass. Government is the creature of society. If we have unchristian laws, it becomes the duty of each individual to do all which in him lieth, towards abrogating such laws, either by endeavoring to affect public opinion, or by petitions to our Legislature. The responsibility is not to be set aside, or shaken off. The time, I trust, is not far distant, when we shall look back upon this custom, not only as belonging to the dark ages, but as a relic of barbarism. The time, I trust, is not far distant, when we shall look back upon this custom, not only as belonging to the dark ages, but as a relic of barbarism. A FRIEND OF HUMANITY. A FRIEND OF HUMANITY. 

 Horrible.— The large number of slaves lost with the steamer Shepherdess, near St. Louis, is ascribed to the fact that they were chained. Horrible. Horrible. — The large number of slaves lost with the steamer Shepherdess, near St. Louis, is ascribed to the fact that they were chained. The above simple notice, which appeared in the Sun, is the very soul of eloquent pathos. No poet, sacred or profane, could have more touchingly set forth our land's iniquity, and the deep damnation which it merits. Is there no legal penalty that can attach to the demons who place shackles on limbs guiltless of crime, and so render them helpless and unable either to protect themselves, or assist in saving the lives of others? If human law is defective, as yet, is divine law equally so? Are the parties to the contract, for the transfer of these murdered men, members of churches? if so, have their brethren, or their minister taken the matter up? Alas, the clergy are for the most part the greatest enemies the slave population have. How long, O Lord! Holy and true.— Phil. Elevator. The above simple notice, which appeared in the Sun, is the very soul of eloquent pathos. No poet, sacred or profane, could have more touchingly set forth our land's iniquity, and the deep damnation which it merits. Is there no legal penalty that can attach to the demons who place shackles on limbs guiltless of crime, and so render them helpless and unable either to protect themselves, or assist in saving the lives of others? If human law is defective, as yet, is divine law equally so? Are the parties to the contract, for the transfer of these murdered men, members of churches? if so, have their brethren, or their minister taken the matter up? Alas, the clergy are for the most part the greatest enemies the slave population have. How long, O Lord! Holy and true.— Phil. Elevator. Phil. Elevator. 

 Religious gems! Religious gems! Religious gems! A large number of persons, male and female, desirous, it appears, to render themselves as notorious as possible, presented a petition to the Legislature of Massachusetts, asking that all laws of the State which require the infliction of death as a penalty for crime, be abolished; but if the legislature should deem that course inconsistent with the public welfare, and an infringement of the law of God, then that clergymen be appointed executioners, and that executions take place on the Sabbath, in or near some place of public worship. A large number of persons, male and female, desirous, it appears, to render themselves as notorious as possible, presented a petition to the Legislature of Massachusetts, asking that all laws of the State which require the infliction of death as a penalty for crime, be abolished; but if the legislature should deem that course inconsistent with the public welfare, and an infringement of the law of God, then that clergymen be appointed executioners, and that executions take place on the Sabbath, in or near some place of public worship. The House, willing to co-operate in giving these persons the unenviable notoriety which they seem so much to desire, voted to print the petition, with all the names affixed to it; but whether this course will exert any curative influence upon them, remains to be seen. The petition is headed by Charles Spear, a preacher of Universalism, the same individual who was excluded by Mr. Curtis, the Chaplain of the State Prison, from giving instruction to the convicts as a Sabbath school teacher. The petition contains also the names of B.B. Mussey a Universalist book-seller, George W. Bazin, the publisher of the Trumpet, several preachers and professors of Universalism of less note, besides the names of several persons who have been excluded from Congregational, Methodist and Baptist churches, for various heresies and inconsistencies. The House, willing to co-operate in giving these persons the unenviable notoriety which they seem so much to desire, voted to print the petition, with all the names affixed to it; but whether this course will exert any curative influence upon them, remains to be seen. The petition is headed by Charles Spear, a preacher of Universalism, the same individual who was excluded by Mr. Curtis, the Chaplain of the State Prison, from giving instruction to the convicts as a Sabbath school teacher. The petition contains also the names of B.B. Mussey a Universalist book-seller, George W. Bazin, the publisher of the Trumpet, several preachers and professors of Universalism of less note, besides the names of several persons who have been excluded from Congregational, Methodist and Baptist churches, for various heresies and inconsistencies. This attempt to browbeat, and throw odium on the ministers of religion, because they sincerely believe the law of God requires that 'he that sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed,' will only recoil upon its authors. Men who have reflected long and carefully on a grave and solemn question, are not usually convinced of error by such means. Why not petition that clergymen be appointed jailors and wardens of prisons and houses of correction? If murderers are to become the inmates of such institutions, and no further punishment can be inflicted on them, there are probably few sheriffs who would become their keepers. This attempt to browbeat, and throw odium on the ministers of religion, because they sincerely believe the law of God requires that 'he that sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed,' will only recoil upon its authors. Men who have reflected long and carefully on a grave and solemn question, are not usually convinced of error by such means. Why not petition that clergymen be appointed jailors and wardens of prisons and houses of correction? If murderers are to become the inmates of such institutions, and no further punishment can be inflicted on them, there are probably few sheriffs who would become their keepers. 

 THE RUFFIANISM OF REFORM. A petition has been sent into the Legislature of Massachusetts, signed by a considerable number of reformers and come-outers, asking, if capital punishment is not abolished, that ministers may be made the executioners, and the executions take place before the churches. By such trifling with an important subject, they show not only the utter want of common decency to which their principles conduct them, but their want of sincerity in the very object they seek. It is not pity for the condemned murderer by which they are impelled, but that hatred of religion and its ministers, which once kept the guillotine in hot activity in Paris, by giving license to every malignant passion, and leading on to universal profligacy and anarchy. THE RUFFIANISM OF REFORM. A petition has been sent into the Legislature of Massachusetts, signed by a considerable number of reformers and come-outers, asking, if capital punishment is not abolished, that ministers may be made the executioners, and the executions take place before the churches. By such trifling with an important subject, they show not only the utter want of common decency to which their principles conduct them, but their want of sincerity in the very object they seek. It is not pity for the condemned murderer by which they are impelled, but that hatred of religion and its ministers, which once kept the guillotine in hot activity in Paris, by giving license to every malignant passion, and leading on to universal profligacy and anarchy. All the elements of that era of crime and bloodshed are acquiring mighty strength and making rapid development in the midst of us.— Congregational Journal, Concord, N.H. All the elements of that era of crime and bloodshed are acquiring mighty strength and making rapid development in the midst of us.— Congregational Journal, Concord, N.H. Congregational Journal, Concord, N.H. 

 Capital Punishment. Among the petitions for the abolition of capital punishment, recently presented to the Massachusetts Legislature, is one from one Charles Spear, and 168 others, asking that the punishment may be abolished, or in case that prayer cannot be granted, that clergymen instead of sheriffs be appointed hangmen, that the execution of criminals be public, in or near some meeting-house, not in the jail-yard, in a private manner, and that the Sabbath be the day selected for the deed, to make the scene the more impressive. This Spear is a preacher of Restorationism, and a thorough non-government-tist. Mr. Garrison has just canonized him as 'this benevolent, tender-hearted, good man.' These agitators will have the labor for their pains. The sentiment of Massachusetts in favor of such exemplary punishment of flagitious crimes as shall have a tendency to suppress them, is too strong to be shaken by such attacks.— (Correspondent of the N.Y. Evangelist, said to be Rev. A.A. Phelps.) Capital Punishment. Capital Punishment. Among the petitions for the abolition of capital punishment, recently presented to the Massachusetts Legislature, is one from one Charles Spear, and 168 others, asking that the punishment may be abolished, or in case that prayer cannot be granted, that clergymen instead of sheriffs be appointed hangmen, that the execution of criminals be public, in or near some meeting-house, not in the jail-yard, in a private manner, and that the Sabbath be the day selected for the deed, to make the scene the more impressive. This Spear is a preacher of Restorationism, and a thorough non-government-tist. Mr. Garrison has just canonized him as 'this benevolent, tender-hearted, good man.' These agitators will have the labor for their pains. The sentiment of Massachusetts in favor of such exemplary punishment of flagitious crimes as shall have a tendency to suppress them, is too strong to be shaken by such attacks.— (Correspondent of the N.Y. Evangelist, said to be Rev. A.A. Phelps.) 

 Does any one consider the effect of capital punishment on the criminals themselves? Either they brave it with reckless impudence, or, inanimate, they suffer it, half dead with terror; or they offer their heads with profound and sincere repentance. Does any one consider the effect of capital punishment on the criminals themselves? Either they brave it with reckless impudence, or, inanimate, they suffer it, half dead with terror; or they offer their heads with profound and sincere repentance. Now, the punishment is insufficient for those who defy it; Now, the punishment is insufficient for those who defy it; Useless for those who are already morally dead; Useless for those who are already morally dead; Excessive for those who repent with sincerity. Excessive for those who repent with sincerity. Eugene Sue. Eugene Sue. Eugene Sue. 

 In the House of Representatives of this State (Massachusetts,) on Tuesday last, Mr. Newhall, of Saugus, presented a petition, signed by Charles Spear and 168 others, praying for the abolition of capital punishment in this Commonwealth; or, in case that prayer cannot be granted, asking that clergymen, instead of sheriffs, be appointed hangmen— that the execution of criminals be public, in or near some meeting-house— not in the jail-yard, in a private manner— and that the Sabbath be the day selected for the deed, in order to make the scene as impressive as possible. The petition was read from the Speaker's Chair, and created considerable sensation in the House. In the House of Representatives of this State (Massachusetts,) on Tuesday last, Mr. Newhall, of Saugus, presented a petition, signed by Charles Spear and 168 others, praying for the abolition of capital punishment in this Commonwealth; or, in case that prayer cannot be granted, asking that clergymen, instead of sheriffs, be appointed hangmen— that the execution of criminals be public, in or near some meeting-house— not in the jail-yard, in a private manner— and that the Sabbath be the day selected for the deed, in order to make the scene as impressive as possible. The petition was read from the Speaker's Chair, and created considerable sensation in the House. Well done, bro. Spear! That petition will immortalize thee! And, after all, is there not reason— religious reason— in the proposition that the ministers of religion should be the ministers of the law which requires capital punishment? Just look at it. By what authority is capital punishment inflicted? By the law of God— by the Bible, which says, 'Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed. I . . . what are ministers but Bible ministers? Should they not execute the laws, of which they are the defenders and ministers? Capital punishment, they say, is a religious institution, established as a law of the religion of the Bible; and if a religious institution, then, of course, religious men, and the ministers of religion, should execute it. Did not the priests execute the law of Moses in old time? And what place so suitable as the church, and what day for the execution of this religious ordinance, as the Sabbath? We think that the State should erect a gallows directly over the altar, and in front of the pulpit, in every Orthodox meeting-house, where the priest shall offer the sacrifice of death, in presence of the whole congregation, with the deacons as guards, whenever a victim is to be immolated. 'The better the day, the better the deed.' By all means, let this be done on the Sabbath, directly after a sermon in favor of endless punishment. Then we shall have orthodoxy in practice as well as in theory.— Gospel Banner. Well done, bro. Spear! That petition will immortalize thee! And, after all, is there not reason— religious religious reason— in the proposition that the ministers of religion religion should be the ministers of the law law which requires capital punishment? Just look at it. By what authority is capital punishment inflicted? By the law of God— by the Bible, which says, 'Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed. I . . . what are ministers but Bible Bible ministers? Should they not execute the laws, of which they are the defenders and ministers? Capital punishment, they say, is a religious religious institution, established as a law of the religion of the Bible; and if a religious institution, then, of course, religious men, and the ministers of religion, should execute it. Did not the priests execute the law of Moses in old time? And what place so suitable as the church church , and what day for the execution of this religious ordinance, as the Sabbath? Sabbath? We think that the State should erect a gallows directly over the altar, and in front of the pulpit, in every Orthodox meeting-house, where the priest shall offer the sacrifice sacrifice of death, in presence of the whole congregation, with the deacons as guards, whenever a victim is to be immolated. 'The better the day, the better the deed.' By all means, let this be done on the Sabbath, directly after a sermon in favor of endless punishment. Then we shall have orthodoxy in practice practice as well as in theory.— Gospel Banner. Gospel Banner. 

 I refused to sign the following Petition, because I don't approve of petitioning bodies whose authority I do not recognize, and whose decrees I repudiate; but the sentiments of the Petition meet with my most cordial approval. I refused to sign the following Petition, because I don't approve of petitioning bodies whose authority I do not recognize, and whose decrees I repudiate; but the sentiments of the Petition meet with my most cordial approval. (Here follows the petition for the appointment of clergymen as hangmen, if the gallows is to be perpetuated.) (Here follows the petition for the appointment of clergymen as hangmen, if the gallows is to be perpetuated.) If men are to be slaughtered by the State, let the Church be the slaughter-house, and the priest the butcher: at least so long as the chief advocates of the gallows are churches and priests. If men are to be slaughtered by the State, let the Church be the slaughter-house, and the priest the butcher: at least so long as the chief advocates of the gallows are churches and priests. The Cross should be taken from the Church; and the gallows substituted; for they look so much alike to clerical eyes, that they would never know the difference. Besides, the gallows, not the Cross, is typical of the popular theology. The Cross should be taken from the Church; and the gallows substituted; for they look so much alike to clerical eyes, that they they would never know the difference. Besides, the gallows, not the Cross, is typical of the popular theology. 

 William Clark, a white man, and Hester Foster, a colored woman, convicted some time since of murder, were executed at Columbus, Ohio, on the 9th instant, in the presence of upwards of twelve thousand spectators— a very large portion of whom, were females. The editor of the Columbus Journal says: William Clark, a white man, and Hester Foster, a colored woman, convicted some time since of murder, were executed at Columbus, Ohio, on the 9th instant, in the presence of upwards of twelve thousand spectators— a very large portion of whom, were females. The editor of the Columbus Journal says: We witnessed this day more drunkenness, more brutality, and more calculated to degrade men in the estimation of their fellow-beings, than we ever beheld in one day, save on a similar occasion. We attempted to go and survey the multitude, and in the few minutes we stood near the ground, we were several times almost jostled off our feet, by women who were rushing eager to get a conspicuous position, so that they could gloat their eyes with the rare sight. We saw the rope adjusted, and turned away sick at heart. We had seen enough! We witnessed this day more drunkenness, more brutality, and more calculated to degrade men in the estimation of their fellow-beings, than we ever beheld in one day, save on a similar occasion. We attempted to go and survey the multitude, and in the few minutes we stood near the ground, we were several times almost jostled off our feet, by women by women who were rushing eager to get a conspicuous position, so that they could gloat their eyes with the rare sight. We saw the rope adjusted, and turned away sick at heart. We had seen enough! 

 The Jamaica papers give an account of a dreadful case of violation and murder, rendered more horrible by the circumstances attending the execution of the criminals. The story is the more remarkable, too, from the circumstances that the crime was discovered by the confessions of the perpetrators, extorted from them by the agonies of remorse. Two men of the name of Pendrill and Reeves, alias Chitty, were imprisoned for some minor offences, in two prisons at a distance from each other; the one at Falmouth, and the other at Kingston. Both of them, in their sleeping as well as waking moments, made such revelations respecting a crime they had committed, that they were brought to trial for it. On the trial, the evidence of the persons in whose hearing they had made these revelations was brought forward. Some parts of it were as follows: Thomas Anderson said he had been confined in the Falmouth district prison for assault. He knew Pendrill, and saw him in January. They occupied the same room. During the nights, Pendrill used to be very much agitated; he would call out in his sleep, 'What do you want with me? I didn't kill you; go away.' He tossed his arms about, tore his clothes, and stripped himself quite naked. One morning, after he had been calling out in his sleep in this manner, in the Penitentiary, Pendrill then told witness that he and Reeve (chitty,) coming from Falmouth, had met a girl, whom they had carried into the bush and murdered. Other witnesses described similar conduct, on the part of Reeve (or Chitty,) in Kingston prison. Upon this evidence, and corroboratory facts, the two culprits were convicted. They were executed, at Falmouth, on the 30th of November. On the scaffold, they behaved with the utmost composure; and, not withstanding the exhortations of the clergyman who attended them, steadily denied their guilt. The appalling circumstances, attending the conclusion of the scene, are thus detailed by the Cornwall Chronicle: His reverence, the Rector, then commenced to read the funeral service; and, while the tremulous tones of his voice still resounded in the ears of these wretched men, the drop fell from beneath their feet, and there succeeded a scene of horror, which, we pray, we may never witness anything like again. The rope, with which Chitty was suspended, broke by the violence of the fall, occasioned by the length of slack allowed him; the cap which covered Pendrill's face being too big, and unfastened, was blown off, and the dreadful emotion of his features, from the agonies of death, on the countenance of the unfortunate sufferer, became painfully visible to the gaze of the surrounding spectators, many of whom burst into tears, and uttered ejaculations of the harrowing sensations with which they were agitated. Chitty, in the meantime, got upon his legs, unhurt, and immediately exclaimed, 'This is fair play; fair play for it.' This exclamation he reiterated several times, with slight variations in collocation of the words. The Jamaica papers give an account of a dreadful case of violation and murder, rendered more horrible by the circumstances attending the execution of the criminals. The story is the more remarkable, too, from the circumstances that the crime was discovered by the confessions of the perpetrators, extorted from them by the agonies of remorse. Two men of the name of Pendrill and Reeves, alias alias Chitty, were imprisoned for some minor offences, in two prisons at a distance from each other; the one at Falmouth, and the other at Kingston. Both of them, in their sleeping as well as waking moments, made such revelations respecting a crime they had committed, that they were brought to trial for it. On the trial, the evidence of the persons in whose hearing they had made these revelations was brought forward. Some parts of it were as follows: Thomas Anderson said he had been confined in the Falmouth district prison for assault. He knew Pendrill, and saw him in January. They occupied the same room. During the nights, Pendrill used to be very much agitated; he would call out in his sleep, 'What do you want with me? I didn't kill you; go away.' He tossed his arms about, tore his clothes, and stripped himself quite naked. One morning, after he had been calling out in his sleep in this manner, in the Penitentiary, Pendrill then told witness that he and Reeve (chitty,) coming from Falmouth, had met a girl, whom they had carried into the bush and murdered. Other witnesses described similar conduct, on the part of Reeve (or Chitty,) in Kingston prison. Upon this evidence, and corroboratory facts, the two culprits were convicted. They were executed, at Falmouth, on the 30th of November. On the scaffold, they behaved with the utmost composure; and, not withstanding the exhortations of the clergyman who attended them, steadily denied their guilt. The appalling circumstances, attending the conclusion of the scene, are thus detailed by the Cornwall Chronicle: His reverence, the Rector, then commenced to read the funeral service; and, while the tremulous tones of his voice still resounded in the ears of these wretched men, the drop fell from beneath their feet, and there succeeded a scene of horror, which, we pray, we may never witness anything like again. The rope, with which Chitty was suspended, broke by the violence of the fall, occasioned by the length of slack allowed him; the cap which covered Pendrill's face being too big, and unfastened, was blown off, and the dreadful emotion of his features, from the agonies of death, on the countenance of the unfortunate sufferer, became painfully visible to the gaze of the surrounding spectators, many of whom burst into tears, and uttered ejaculations of the harrowing sensations with which they were agitated. Chitty, in the meantime, got upon his legs, unhurt, and immediately exclaimed, 'This is fair play; fair play for it.' This exclamation he reiterated several times, with slight variations in collocation of the words. Meantime, a messenger was despatched, on horse-back, for a fresh supply of rope, while old Bacchus, the executioner, was mechanically engaged in knotting another noose, from the fragment of rope which remained. The wretched man continued to declare his innocence of the murder, and declared that he never knew the girl, he never saw her, &c. &c. with a degree of volubility and vehemence; after which, observing the executioner with the noose in his hand, he said, 'I will take my chance with that.' He again ascended the step-ladder, the top of which was used for a drop. He made no faltering step, but was quite steady. On gaining the upper landing, and while the executioner was making preparation, he exclaimed, 'Oh, mighty Lord Jesus— guilty sinners shall be cast into hell— if in heaven, thou can save me— if cast into hell, thou canst see me— I suffer death like a man— I never knew the girl— I never saw the girl, but I am doomed to death for thou only one.' Meantime, a messenger was despatched, on horse-back, for a fresh supply of rope, while old Bacchus, the executioner, was mechanically engaged in knotting another noose, from the fragment of rope which remained. The wretched man continued to declare his innocence of the murder, and declared that he never knew the girl, he never saw her, &c. &c. with a degree of volubility and vehemence; after which, observing the executioner with the noose in his hand, he said, 'I will take my chance with that.' He again ascended the step-ladder, the top of which was used for a drop. He made no faltering step, but was quite steady. On gaining the upper landing, and while the executioner was making preparation, he exclaimed, 'Oh, mighty Lord Jesus— guilty sinners shall be cast into hell— if in heaven, thou can save me— if cast into hell, thou canst see me— I suffer death like a man— I never knew the girl— I never saw the girl, but I am doomed to death for thou only one.' After a pause, he addressed himself in prayer. When he had left off speaking, Mr. Macintyre advanced to the front of the scaffold, and addressed him, 'Sam Reeve, it has pleased the Lord to give you further time to join again with me in prayer; let us then.' The Rev. gentleman then proceeded to read the funeral service, where he had left off; while so engaged, the step-ladder was very adroitly tripped up, and the wretched sufferer once more swung off; his cap was again blown away, and his features exposed in a similar manner to Pendrill's. His sufferings must have been very great; his body was dreadfully convulsed for two or three minutes, during which time he repeatedly kicked the then lifeless body of his fellow prisoner, which hung before him, and, at one time, raised both his legs and placed them on Pendrill's shoulders, thus adding another accompaniment to the completion of this scene of horror! After a pause, he addressed himself in prayer. When he had left off speaking, Mr. Macintyre advanced to the front of the scaffold, and addressed him, 'Sam Reeve, it has pleased the Lord to give you further time to join again with me in prayer; let us then.' The Rev. gentleman then proceeded to read the funeral service, where he had left off; while so engaged, the step-ladder was very adroitly tripped up, and the wretched sufferer once more swung off; his cap was again blown away, and his features exposed in a similar manner to Pendrill's. His sufferings must have been very great; his body was dreadfully convulsed for two or three minutes, during which time he repeatedly kicked the then lifeless body of his fellow prisoner, which hung before him, and, at one time, raised both his legs and placed them on Pendrill's shoulders, thus adding another accompaniment to the completion of this scene of horror! 

 ESSAYS ON THE PUNISHMENT OF DEATH: BY CHARLES SPEAR, author of 'Titles of Jesus,' 'Essays on Imprisonment for Debt,' &c. (1 vol. 12mo. pp. 237.) Boston: published by the Author. ESSAYS ON THE PUNISHMENT OF DEATH: BY CHARLES SPEAR, author of 'Titles of Jesus,' 'Essays on Imprisonment for Debt,' &c. (1 vol. 12mo. pp. 237.) Boston: published by the Author. We have here a most compact and forcible array of the facts and considerations which forbid the legal slaughter of human beings— the best work by far that has ever appeared on the subject— simple, lucid, cogent and affecting. Every proposition urged against the continuance of the Gallows is fortified by abundant citations of facts, accounts of executions, &c. &c. till it would seem impossible that any one should read and reflect on this book without a deep loathing for the code of blood, and an amazed pity for the infatuation of its advocates. If any man can read these 'Essays,' and not be convinced that legal killing has incited to four murders for every one it has prevented, he must, it seems to us, be steeled against the force of evidence and the fear of shedding innocent blood. We have here a most compact and forcible array of the facts and considerations which forbid the legal slaughter of human beings— the best work by far that has ever appeared on the subject— simple, lucid, cogent and affecting. Every proposition urged against the continuance of the Gallows is fortified by abundant citations of facts, accounts of executions, &c. &c. till it would seem impossible that any one should read and reflect on this book without a deep loathing for the code of blood, and an amazed pity for the infatuation of its advocates. If any man can read these 'Essays,' and not be convinced that legal killing has incited to four murders for every one it has prevented, he must, it seems to us, be steeled against the force of evidence and the fear of shedding innocent blood. We hope this book will be widely circulated, though the author, being poor, publishes his book himself, and goes about to sell it as he can, which will retard its dissemination. We are sure a book . . . city, and let the public know it, must sell them rapidly. The facts here industriously collected— the recorded opinions of BECCARIA, BLACKSTONE, MONTESQUIEU, FRANKLIN, RUSH, SMOLLETT, LA FAYETTE, CHANNING, EDWARD LIVINGSTON, O'CONNELL, &c. &c.— are alone worth double the cost of the volume. To the more general reader, this work must be more interesting than the freshest novel can be— so various and thrilling are its incidental portraitures of the Human Heart and Life— of our Criminal Laws, and their hardly more criminal victims. Let it be widely disseminated. We hope this book will be widely circulated, though the author, being poor, publishes his book himself, and goes about to sell it as he can, which will retard its dissemination. We are sure a book . . . city, and let the public know it, must sell them rapidly. The facts here industriously collected— the recorded opinions of BECCARIA, BLACKSTONE, MONTESQUIEU, FRANKLIN, RUSH, SMOLLETT, LA FAYETTE, CHANNING, EDWARD LIVINGSTON, O'CONNELL, &c. &c.— are alone worth double the cost of the volume. To the more general reader, this work must be more interesting than the freshest novel can be— so various and thrilling are its incidental portraitures of the Human Heart and Life— of our Criminal Laws, and their hardly more criminal victims. Let it be widely disseminated. The Appendix gives tables of all capital offences by the laws of the several States and the code of Moses, respectively, and must be valuable to lawyers and others. The Appendix gives tables of all capital offences by the laws of the several States and the code of Moses, respectively, and must be valuable to lawyers and others. 

 Movement in New-York against Capital Punishment.— We are happy to learn, as we do from the Christian Messenger, that there has recently been a large and spirited meeting in New-York city, attended by many gentlemen of high character and influence, to promote the abolition of Capital Punishment. They adopted measures for the organization of a society; for the collection and diffusion of knowledge on the subject. We think this a good move, and hope the example will be followed by the friends of christian principles, in other places.— Boston Christian Freeman. Movement in New-York against Capital Punishment. Movement in New-York against Capital Punishment. — We are happy to learn, as we do from the Christian Messenger, that there has recently been a large and spirited meeting in New-York city, attended by many gentlemen of high character and influence, to promote the abolition of Capital Punishment. They adopted measures for the organization of a society; for the collection and diffusion of knowledge on the subject. We think this a good move, and hope the example will be followed by the friends of christian principles, in other places.— Boston Christian Freeman. Boston Christian Freeman. 

 MR. EDITOR: MR. EDITOR: I noticed with deep regret, a day or two since, that some gentlemen belonging to the military had petitioned to the city government for the use of Faneuil Hall, for a Military Ball. I was pained to see another attempt, through this fascinating amusement, to keep alive the military spirit among us, and cherish still further, in this Christian community, the brother-killing system,— a practice worthy only of the uncivilized and barbarous. How monstrous is it, in a Christian community,— among Christians the most intelligent, probably, on earth,— to encourage and sustain such an institution! When mankind knew no better; when savage and brutal passion controlled the actions of men; before the spirit of Christianity was felt in all its peaceful and heavenly influences; before the principle of Love was felt; before mankind were accustomed to regard themselves and their fellow men as children of the same Parent; before the strife and din of war had given way to the blessing of peace; before we could realize the import of the blessed words of the Gospel,— 'Peace on earth, and good will to men,'— I say, before this sentiment pervaded the hearts of men, War, with all its hideous circumstances, was looked upon as justifiable, if not necessary. Then, preparation was deemed important; then, it was manly to cherish the military spirit. But the beams of light-increasing intelligence,— the spirit of humanity,— the love of Christ the Prince of Peace,— all forbid encouraging this spirit. Every counteracting influence should be used; every Christian professor should oppose it; every lover of humanity should resist it; so that every idea connected with the military, calculated to perpetuate the system, should be eradicated from the hearts of men. I therefore entreat those gentlemen to pause, before they prostitute their own better natures upon the unholy altar of military glory. I noticed with deep regret, a day or two since, that some gentlemen belonging to the military had petitioned to the city government for the use of Faneuil Hall, for a Military Ball. Military Ball. I was pained to see another attempt, through this fascinating amusement, to keep alive the military spirit among us, and cherish still further, in this Christian community, the brother-killing system,— a practice worthy only of the uncivilized and barbarous. How monstrous is it, in a Christian community,— among Christians the most intelligent, probably, on earth,— to encourage and sustain such an institution! When mankind knew no better; when savage and brutal passion controlled the actions of men; before the spirit of Christianity was felt in all its peaceful and heavenly influences; before the principle of Love Love was felt; before mankind were accustomed to regard themselves and their fellow men as children of the same Parent; before the strife and din of war had given way to the blessing of peace; before we could realize the import of the blessed words of the Gospel,— 'Peace on earth, and good will to men,'— I say, before this sentiment pervaded the hearts of men, War, with all its hideous circumstances, was looked upon as justifiable, if not necessary. Then, preparation was deemed important; then, it was manly to cherish the military spirit. But the beams of light-increasing intelligence,— the spirit of humanity,— the love of Christ the Prince of Peace,— all forbid encouraging this spirit. Every counteracting influence should be used; every Christian professor should oppose it; every lover of humanity should resist it; so that every idea connected with the military, calculated to perpetuate the system, should be eradicated from the hearts of men. I therefore entreat those gentlemen to pause, before they prostitute their own better natures upon the unholy altar of military glory. A beautiful writer thus speaks of military glory: 'Glory, my dear friend, according to the world's acceptation of the word, is, I am afraid, little better in general than the gilding with which mighty robbers cover great crimes. When I was young, however, I thought like you; and I am afraid all young men will think so, till reason teaches them that the only true glory which man can have, is to be found in the love of his fellow creatures. All other glory is emptiness.' A beautiful writer thus speaks of military glory: 'Glory, my dear friend, according to the world's acceptation of the word, is, I am afraid, little better in general than the gilding with which mighty robbers cover great crimes. When I was young, however, I thought like you; and I am afraid all young men will think so, till reason teaches them that the only true glory which man can have, is to be found in the love of his fellow creatures. All other glory is emptiness.' False glory has too long exercised its baneful power over the minds and actions of men. The implements of death have too long, by their glittering polish, reflected a false image. The epaulette and the faced coat have, with their gaudy display, too long charmed and enticed away our unguarded and inexperienced young men into this labyrinth of extravagance and dissipation. Let us awake to a true sense of this evil, and try, by the use of the best powers of our true nature,— by the Christian spirit which pervades our community, to eradicate a system which entails so much misery upon the whole; and which presents one of the greatest obstacles to the prevalence of the true Christian spirit,— that of Love and Peace. False glory has too long exercised its baneful power over the minds and actions of men. The implements of death have too long, by their glittering polish, reflected a false image. The epaulette and the faced coat have, with their gaudy display, too long charmed and enticed away our unguarded and inexperienced young men into this labyrinth of extravagance and dissipation. Let us awake to a true sense of this evil, and try, by the use of the best powers of our true nature,— by the Christian spirit which pervades our community, to eradicate a system which entails so much misery upon the whole; and which presents one of the greatest obstacles to the prevalence of the true Christian spirit,— that of Love and Peace. Love and Peace. W.B. W.B. 

