 The steam-ship Cambria arrived at Boston on Wednesday last, in about 11 days from Liverpool! The steam-ship Cambria arrived at Boston on Wednesday last, in about 11 days from Liverpool! 

 Let all those who do not mean to fight the battles of slavery, and who execrate a slaveholding alliance, sign and circulate the following Pledges:— Let all those who do not mean to fight the battles of slavery, and who execrate a slaveholding alliance, sign and circulate the following Pledges:— Whereas, in the formation and adoption of the Constitution of the United States, the following criminal and dangerous concessions were made to the slaveholding power, namely: that the foreign slave trade should be safely prosecuted under the national flag, as a lawful branch of American commerce, for a period of not less than twenty years that fugitive slaves should find no protection from their pursuers on any portion of the American soil that slave insurrections should be suppressed by the combined military and naval power of the country, if needed in any emergency; and that a slaveholding oligarchy, created by allowing three-fifths of the whole slave population to be represented as property by their masters, should be allowed a place a Congress;— Whereas, in the formation and adoption of the Constitution of the United States, the following criminal and dangerous concessions were made to the slaveholding power, namely: that the foreign slave trade should be safely prosecuted under the national flag, as a lawful branch of American commerce, for a period of not less than twenty years that fugitive slaves should find no protection from their pursuers on any portion of the American soil that slave insurrections should be suppressed by the combined military and naval power of the country, if needed in any emergency; and that a slaveholding oligarchy, created by allowing three-fifths of the whole slave population to be represented as property by their masters, should be allowed a place a Congress;— Therefore, regarding that Constitution as a 'covenant with death and an agreement with hell the mighty prop that sustains the entire slave system, we, the undersigned, to signify our abhorrence of injustice and oppression, and to clear our skins from innocent blood, do hereby pledge ourselves not to elect, or in any way aid or countenance the election of any candidate for any office, the entrance upon which requires an oath or affirmation to support the Constitution of the United States; but in all suitable ways to strive for the peaceable dissolution of the Union, as the most consistent, feasible and efficient means of abolishing Slavery. Therefore, regarding that Constitution as a 'covenant with death and an agreement with hell the mighty prop that sustains the entire slave system, we, the undersigned, to signify our abhorrence of injustice and oppression, and to clear our skins from innocent blood, do hereby pledge ourselves not to elect, or in any way aid or countenance the election of any candidate for any office, the entrance upon which requires an oath or affirmation to support the Constitution of the United States; but in all suitable ways to strive for the peaceable dissolution of the Union, as the most consistent, feasible and efficient means of abolishing Slavery. 

 This fugitive from oppression lectured in this city last Tuesday evening. There are not Garrisonian abolitionists enough in this city to get him up a meeting, and he was indebted to ourself for the one that he held. Pity so noble a specimen of a man should have been spoiled by the miserable fallacies of the Garrisonian philosophy. We knew Frederick held those peculiarities, but hoped he was not so set upon the project of abolishing the Liberty party and the Union, as to make these objects the prime end of his mission. In this, however, we were mistaken. He labored an hour and a half to bring contempt upon the position, the consistency and morality of the very persons by whose courtesy he had obtained a hearing in the city. We regret this exceedingly. We seek no controversy with any one engaged against the horrible institution of slavery, and especially do we not desire to speak lightly of the efforts of one who has himself been a victim of its cruelties. But the effort of Mr. D. here was labor lost. He and his brethren may go the rounds, as they have done for years past, and six months afterwards they will not find converts enough to get them up meetings, when they are announced in advance. Indeed, the prime nucleus of the Garrison strength in a neighboring town where they have been the strongest, has now dwindled down to two men, one of whom is a loco foco Justice of the Peace, and the other a gentleman who is speculating on a Patent Right from this proslavery Government. Mr. Douglass cannot live in this country without contributing to the support of the government, and that too as directly as by voting under its Constitution. All the property of the North, the ships upon the high seas, the tariffs, the commerce— all is mortgaged to the support of the government. If Mr. Douglass would withdraw his support from it, he must needs pass out of its jurisdiction. For what care the slaveholders for his refused to vote, so long as the property of the North is pledged to support the Union, and he, by property-owning and tax-paying, is contributing to its perpetuity? This fugitive from oppression lectured in this city last Tuesday evening. There are not Garrisonian abolitionists enough in this city to get him up a meeting, and he was indebted to ourself for the one that he held. Pity so noble a specimen of a man should have been spoiled by the miserable fallacies of the Garrisonian philosophy. We knew Frederick held those peculiarities, but hoped he was not so set upon the project of abolishing the Liberty party and the Union, as to make these objects the prime end of his mission. In this, however, we were mistaken. He labored an hour and a half to bring contempt upon the position, the consistency and morality of the very persons by whose courtesy he had obtained a hearing in the city. We regret this exceedingly. We seek seek no controversy with any one engaged against the horrible institution of slavery, and especially do we not desire to speak lightly of the efforts of one who has himself been a victim of its cruelties. But the effort of Mr. D. here was labor lost. He and his brethren may go the rounds, as they have done for years past, and six months afterwards they will not find converts enough to get them up meetings, when they are announced in advance. Indeed, the prime nucleus of the Garrison strength in a neighboring town where they have been the strongest, has now dwindled down to two men, one of whom is a loco foco Justice of the Peace, and the other a gentleman who is speculating on a Patent Right from this proslavery Government. Mr. Douglass cannot live in this country without contributing to the support of the government, and that too as directly as by voting under its Constitution. All the property of the North, the ships upon the high seas, the tariffs, the commerce— all is mortgaged to the support of the government. If Mr. Douglass would withdraw his support withdraw his support from it, he must needs pass out of its jurisdiction. For what care the slaveholders for his refused to vote, so long as the property property of the North is pledged to support the Union, and he, by property-owning and tax-paying, is contributing to its perpetuity? We are glad of one thing: that Mr. Douglass denounces the Union, the Constitution and the Liberty party in the same connection. For we neither seek nor desire applause from persons holding those opinions, and we do not intend to be instrumental in getting up any more meetings for either purposes, not even for the applause of giving countenance to freedom of speech.— Utica Liberty Press. We are glad of one thing: that Mr. Douglass denounces the Union, the Constitution and the Liberty party in the same connection. For we neither seek nor desire applause from persons holding those opinions, and we do not intend to be instrumental in getting up any more meetings for either purposes, not even for the applause of giving countenance to freedom of speech.— Utica Liberty Press. Utica Liberty Press. 

 BERNE, 12 o'clock, night— Eagle Hotel. BERNE, 12 o'clock, night— Eagle Hotel. Came from Hofwyl to the Sun Tavern, where was our baggage, to meet the Diligence. It came, but was full. The landlord's horses all gone. Eight from Berne. We rallied the neighbors, till finally we found a man with a two year old colt and a cart, to take us on. It was a slow process, but by patient continuance we arrived here in time to look about, after having secured our seats for Lausoune and Geneva for to-morrow. I strolled about the town here and there, and in the suburbs. This town has 23,000 inhabitants, and stands on the small but rapid river Aar, over which is a splendid bridge of nearly 1000 feet long— one arch spanning the river, 93 feet from the water. Almost all the houses are built of massive stone, resting upon arcades or pillars, and the sidewalks are all under the arches formed by the houses. But these arched walks look gloomy enough. There is a curious clock-tower in the centre of the town, originally built in 1191! A minute before the clock strikes, a wooden cock appears, crows twice, and flaps his wings; and while a puppet strikes the hour bell, a procession of bears issues out, and passes in front of a throne, on which is a figure that marks the hour by gaping and lowering his sceptre. An image, or a painting of a bear, meets one at every turn. This hideous beast is a great favorite here. It is the armorial bearing of the canton. Two huge stone bears stand on each side of the Morat gate, the principal gate of the city. Little rills of water are carried through the main streets to purify. Not only are there images of the bear at every turn, but living specimens of the ugly monster are maintained at the public expense. The history of Berne is of deep interest. It was founded by Berchtold, in the twelfth century. For ages it was governed by an aristocracy, but the French Revolution swept the aristocracy away, and the people now manage their own affairs. A power is rising in England and in all Europe that will ere long upturn the present social state. It is the PEOPLE. God speed the day. Came from Hofwyl to the Sun Tavern, where was our baggage, to meet the Diligence. It came, but was full. The landlord's horses all gone. Eight from Berne. We rallied the neighbors, till finally we found a man with a two year old colt and a cart, to take us on. It was a slow process, but by patient continuance we arrived here in time to look about, after having secured our seats for Lausoune and Geneva for to-morrow. I strolled about the town here and there, and in the suburbs. This town has 23,000 inhabitants, and stands on the small but rapid river Aar, over which is a splendid bridge of nearly 1000 feet long— one arch spanning the river, 93 feet from the water. Almost all the houses are built of massive stone, resting upon arcades or pillars, and the sidewalks are all under the arches formed by the houses. But these arched walks look gloomy enough. There is a curious clock-tower in the centre of the town, originally built in 1191! A minute before the clock strikes, a wooden cock cock appears, crows twice, and flaps his wings; and while a puppet strikes the hour bell, a procession of bears issues out, and passes in front of a throne, on which is a figure that marks the hour by gaping gaping and lowering his sceptre. An image, or a painting of a bear, meets one at every turn. This hideous beast is a great favorite here. It is the armorial bearing of the canton. Two huge stone bears stand on each side of the Morat Morat gate, the principal gate of the city. Little rills of water are carried through the main streets to purify. Not only are there images images of the bear at every turn, but living living specimens of the ugly monster are maintained at the public expense. The history of Berne is of deep interest. It was founded by Berchtold Berchtold , in the twelfth century. For ages it was governed by an aristocracy, but the French Revolution swept the aristocracy away, and the people now manage their own affairs. A power is rising in England and in all Europe that will ere long upturn the present social state. It is the PEOPLE. God speed the day. July 19, 6 o'clock, morn. July July 19, 6 o'clock, morn o'clock, morn . The landlord put me into a room last night with two beds, and this morn insists that I must pay for both— for, he says, 'though I had no company to put in, I might have had.' So I must pay for company that he might have had. I am ill suited with his trickery, and am greatly disposed to toss the other bed; but it would be too much like revenge. I have looked further about the town this morning. It was built when violence was the only law of Europe. The country in West Switzerland was a wilderness. In the valleys a few peasants' cottages, and on the hills the castles of robber barons. This town was first built by the peasants, to guard themselves against the robber nobles around. Its founder, Berchtold, was a peasant. He killed a bear on this spot; hence the Bernese regard for that beast. But I must pass on my way. The landlord put me into a room last night with two two beds, and this morn insists that I must pay for both— for, he says, 'though I had no company to put in, I might might have had.' So I must pay for company that he might might have had. I am ill suited with his trickery, and am greatly disposed to toss the other bed; but it would be too much like revenge. I have looked further about the town this morning. It was built when violence violence was the only law of Europe. The country in West Switzerland was a wilderness. In the valleys a few peasants' cottages, and on the hills the castles of robber barons. This town was first built by the peasants, to guard themselves against the robber nobles around. Its founder, Berchtold, was a peasant. He killed a bear on this spot; hence the Bernese regard for that beast. But I must pass on my way. FALLS OF THE RHINE, 6 o'clock, P.M. FALLS OF THE RHINE, 6 o'clock, P.M. From Constance to Schaffhausen, about 30 miles, by coach, down the Rhine, on the left bank— a beautiful and fertile country. Arrived at Schaffhausen at 4— secured our rooms at the Ship Hotel, and then came down the river three miles to this place. The fall of the Rhine is about 70 feet, though it runs nearly three miles in falling that distance. The perpendicular fall is small, or rather there appears to be no perpendicular descent, but a steep rapid, down which the river dashes with maddening fury. We crossed in a boat, just below the falls, three of us, the agitation of the waters resembling the ocean in a storm. We climbed up the left bank to the top, in order to go down and get out upon a platform that is built over the falls. Here I now stand over the river that rushes beneath my feet fearfully. The river is very full just now, and rushes down with great force. But these falls are entirely different from those of Niagara; there is no comparison between them; not a twentieth part of the water here that there is there, and the Niagara river leaps down 160 feet, a perpendicular descent. There is nothing of the kind here. The scenery around the Rhine falls is more interesting than that around the Niagara falls, but in the fall itself there is nothing here of the grandeur and awfulness of Niagara. The Rhine falls resemble the cataracts above the Niagara falls on the Canada side, but have no resemblance to the fall itself. From Constance to Schaffhausen, about 30 miles, by coach, down the Rhine, on the left bank— a beautiful and fertile country. Arrived at Schaffhausen at 4— secured our rooms at the Ship Hotel, and then came down the river three miles to this place. The fall of the Rhine is about 70 feet, though it runs nearly three miles in falling that distance. The perpendicular fall is small, or rather there appears to be no perpendicular descent, but a steep rapid, down which the river dashes with maddening fury. We crossed in a boat, just below the falls, three of us, the agitation of the waters resembling the ocean in a storm. We climbed up the left bank to the top, in order to go down and get out upon a platform that is built over the falls. Here I now stand over the river that rushes beneath my feet fearfully. The river is very full just now, and rushes down with great force. But these falls are entirely different from those of Niagara; there is no comparison between them; not a twentieth part of the water here that there is there, and the Niagara river leaps down 160 feet, a perpendicular descent. There is nothing of the kind here. The scenery around the Rhine falls is more interesting than that around the Niagara falls, but in the fall itself there is nothing here of the grandeur and awfulness of Niagara. The Rhine falls resemble the cataracts above the Niagara falls on the Canada side, but have no resemblance to the fall itself. A boy came down the bank with us to open the gate that leads on to the platform over the falls. He shut and locked the gate behind us. After looking at the fall sufficiently, we turned to go up. As we came to the gate, the boy demanded a franc of each before he would open it. As this was the common price, we paid it, but in making the change, the Englishman missed a swanzica (16 cents.) He insisted that the boy had pocketed it. The boy denied— the man persisted in his charge, and said he would report him to his employer. The boy would not open the gate till he had paid his franc. The man stormed and swore at him, accusing him of cheating and stealing. The boy persisted in declaring his innocence, and burst out crying. There was a great row about it. When, lo and behold! the swanzica was found in the man's own pocket! He confessed, and paid the boy for the wrong he had done him. A boy came down the bank with us to open the gate that leads on to the platform over the falls. He shut and locked the gate behind us. After looking at the fall sufficiently, we turned to go up. As we came to the gate, the boy demanded a franc of each before he would open it. As this was the common price, we paid it, but in making the change, the Englishman missed a swanzica swanzica (16 cents.) He insisted that the boy had pocketed it. The boy denied— the man persisted in his charge, and said he would report him to his employer. The boy would not open the gate till he had paid his franc. The man stormed and swore at him, accusing him of cheating and stealing. The boy persisted in declaring his innocence, and burst out crying. There was a great row about it. When, lo and behold! the swanzica swanzica was found in the man's own pocket! He confessed, and paid the boy for the wrong he had done him. After viewing the falls, we returned to Schaffhausen, a town of 7500 inhabitants, on the left bank of the river. It is now 5 o'clock in the morning of July 17th. I have been out walking about the town. The market people are beginning to gather in. There is nothing of interest here; it is an old town, and the buildings, many of them, are very old. There is an old castle here, called Mumoth, whose walls are 18 feet thick, designed to resist cannon balls and bombs; but this town greatly suffered in 1799 from the French. The falls of the Rhine commence here. In one hour I start for Zurich, Berne, &c. I have washed and bathed thoroughly this morning. This is the only way I can keep up under so much fatigue of travelling. After viewing the falls, we returned to Schaffhausen, a town of 7500 inhabitants, on the left bank of the river. It is now 5 o'clock in the morning of July 17th. I have been out walking about the town. The market people are beginning to gather in. There is nothing of interest here; it is an old town, and the buildings, many of them, are very old. There is an old castle here, called Mumoth Mumoth , whose walls are 18 feet thick, designed to resist cannon balls and bombs; but this town greatly suffered in 1799 from the French. The falls of the Rhine commence here. In one hour I start for Zurich, Berne, &c. I have washed and bathed thoroughly this morning. This is the only way I can keep up under so much fatigue of travelling. 

 AN ABOLITION MOB— GREAT CRY AND LITTLE WOOL.— A very ludicrous performance has just come off in our city, which has gained imperishable laurels to some of the distinguished philanthropists of the Liberty party. John Munn, Esq., formerly a resident of this place, but now residing in Mississippi, a few days since arrived here with his family, on a visit. He brought with him an old negro woman, a slave, for a nurse to his children.— Intelligence of the fact was quickly disseminated among the brave and liberal spirits who sympathise with the 'poor African'— at a safe distance. On Monday, Wm. A. Allen, Esq., who has been the leading spirit of the abolitionists since Mr. Alvan Stewart went to establish the Liberty party in New-York, obtained a writ of habeas corpus, returnable before Judge Root. Mr. Munn is visiting at the house of Mr. Eli F. Benjamin, who was also on a visit to his son, Dr. Samuel Benjamin, of North Carolina. The writ was, through a mistake, issued against this former gentleman, who, happening to have left all his slaves at home, had no difficulty in clearing himself from the process. We understand, however, that he was so much struck with the courage and address of the gentleman who had the principal charge of the proceedings, that he invited him to visit him in North Carolina, offering to pay his expenses and give him free access to his slaves, to take away as many as he could persuade to leave by his eloquence, and the confidence which his appearance inspired. The writ having been corrected, a mob of white, black and mixed, of all ages and sexes, accompanied the officer to Mr. Benjamin's residence. The poor object of their sympathy was so much terrified at the appearance and actions of these 'angels of light,' that it was feared she would die of fright. She is some 57 years of age, and suffering under the dropsy. Mr. Munn assured the zealous philanthopists, that he was perfectly willing they should take the woman, if they would give security for her maintenance and she would consent, and informed them that he had told her on first coming into a free State, that she was at liberty to leave him whenever she pleased, on giving a few days' notice. But the liberators were far too elevated in their conceptions to take pecuniary matters into consideration. Judge Root, at the request of the Mayor, who had visited the scene of the disturbance, postponed the return of the writ till Tuesday morning at 8 o'clock. The old woman, in the meantime, was in continual terror lest her loving friends should liberate her by force. To allay her fears and the apprehensions of the family, Deputy Sheriff Johnson passed the night at the house, and a body of watchmen were stationed in its vicinity. The morning came, and at the appointed hour Mr. Munn was at Judge Root's office with the slave, and the sheriff with the writ, to which he returned that the defendant did not detain the woman. Judge Root explained to the woman that she was at liberty to go where she pleased. She, notwithstanding the arguments and entreaties of her new friends, insisted upon remaining with her master, and is now abiding with him, though still laboring under much apprehension lest she should be abducted and left to the tender mercies of the busy-bodies who have given themselves so much unnecessary trouble on her account.— Utica Gazette. AN ABOLITION MOB— GREAT CRY AND LITTLE WOOL.— A very ludicrous performance has just come off in our city, which has gained imperishable laurels to some of the distinguished philanthropists of the Liberty party. John Munn, Esq., formerly a resident of this place, but now residing in Mississippi, a few days since arrived here with his family, on a visit. He brought with him an old negro woman, a slave, for a nurse to his children.— Intelligence of the fact was quickly disseminated among the brave and liberal spirits who sympathise with the 'poor African'— at a safe distance. On Monday, Wm. A. Allen, Esq., who has been the leading spirit of the abolitionists since Mr. Alvan Stewart went to establish the Liberty party in New-York, obtained a writ of habeas corpus, returnable before Judge Root. Mr. Munn is visiting at the house of Mr. Eli F. Benjamin, who was also on a visit to his son, Dr. Samuel Benjamin, of North Carolina. The writ was, through a mistake, issued against this former gentleman, who, happening to have left all his slaves at home, had no difficulty in clearing himself from the process. We understand, however, that he was so much struck with the courage and address of the gentleman who had the principal charge of the proceedings, that he invited him to visit him in North Carolina, offering to pay his expenses and give him free access to his slaves, to take away as many as he could persuade to leave by his eloquence, and the confidence which his appearance inspired. The writ having been corrected, a mob of white, black and mixed, of all ages and sexes, accompanied the officer to Mr. Benjamin's residence. The poor object of their sympathy was so much terrified at the appearance and actions of these 'angels of light,' that it was feared she would die of fright. She is some 57 years of age, and suffering under the dropsy. Mr. Munn assured the zealous philanthopists, that he was perfectly willing they should take the woman, if they would give security for her maintenance and she would consent, and informed them that he had told her on first coming into a free State, that she was at liberty to leave him whenever she pleased, on giving a few days' notice. But the liberators were far too elevated in their conceptions to take pecuniary matters into consideration. Judge Root, at the request of the Mayor, who had visited the scene of the disturbance, postponed the return of the writ till Tuesday morning at 8 o'clock. The old woman, in the meantime, was in continual terror lest her loving friends should liberate her by force. To allay her fears and the apprehensions of the family, Deputy Sheriff Johnson passed the night at the house, and a body of watchmen were stationed in its vicinity. The morning came, and at the appointed hour Mr. Munn was at Judge Root's office with the slave, and the sheriff with the writ, to which he returned that the defendant did not detain the woman. Judge Root explained to the woman that she was at liberty to go where she pleased. She, notwithstanding the arguments and entreaties of her new friends, insisted upon remaining with her master, and is now abiding with him, though still laboring under much apprehension lest she should be abducted and left to the tender mercies of the busy-bodies who have given themselves so much unnecessary trouble on her account.— Utica Gazette. Utica Gazette. 

 PORTLAND, July 22, 1845. PORTLAND, July 22, 1845. MY DEAR FRIEND: MY DEAR FRIEND: Yours of the 18th, containing the pleasing intelligence of the safe arrival of our friend Walker, has been received. I rejoice at his return. The people of Massachusetts, and other States, too, will now have an opportunity of learning, from his own mouth, the way in which the religion of this country (for the laws of the country are moulded and fashioned by its religion) treats those who dare to obey one of the plainest and most simple precepts of Christianity.— It is true that the Governor of Missouri, 'after mature deliberation,' pardoned Work, who had done the same thing. But Walker has not been pardoned; neither has Torrey, nor Burr, nor Thompson. Nay, in four cases out of five, it is an unpardonable crime, in this land of boasted liberty and Christianity, for any one, North or South, to obey that 'golden rule' of our Lord, 'All things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them'; and if pardon comes at all, it only comes after a long and dreary imprisonment. Only think of it! In this land of ministers, and churches, and Bibles, and Sabbath schools, and 'benevolent institutions,' those 'who would' are deterred from living in obedience to those 'great commands,' on which 'hang all the law and the prophets,— not only by 'public sentiment,' but through fear of the terrible 'public sentiment,' but through fear of the terrible 'penalties of the law,'— and with no way of escaping those penalties, other than by executive clemency. But I cannot write upon this subject— it is too slow work. I want to meet the people of Massachusetts— ay, and their ministers too— face to face, upon this issue. Yours of the 18th, containing the pleasing intelligence of the safe arrival of our friend Walker, has been received. I rejoice at his return. The people of Massachusetts, and other States, too, will now have an opportunity of learning, from his own mouth, the way in which the religion of this country (for the laws of the country are moulded and fashioned by its religion) treats those who dare to obey one of the plainest and most simple precepts of Christianity.— It is true that the Governor of Missouri, 'after mature deliberation,' pardoned pardoned Work, who had done the same thing. But Walker has not been pardoned; neither has Torrey, nor Burr, nor Thompson. Nay, in four cases out of five, it is an unpardonable crime, in this land of boasted liberty and Christianity, for any one, North or South, to obey that 'golden rule' of our Lord, 'All things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them'; and if pardon comes at all, it only comes after a long and dreary imprisonment. Only think of it! In this land of ministers, and churches, and Bibles Bibles , and Sabbath schools, and ' benevolent institutions benevolent institutions ,' those 'who would' are deterred from living in obedience to those 'great commands,' on which 'hang all the law and the prophets,— not only by 'public sentiment,' but through fear of the terrible 'public sentiment,' but through fear of the terrible 'penalties of the law,'— and with no way of escaping those penalties, other than by executive clemency. But I cannot write upon this subject— it is too slow work. I want to meet the people of Massachusetts— ay, and their ministers too— face to face, upon this issue. And then there is the Texas abomination, which demands no small share of our attention. Where are the Whigs, who 'resolved,' last full, that the annexation of Texas would be tantamount to a dissolution of the Union; nay, that it would be dissolution itself; and that they would go for dissolution, if Texas were annexed? What did they do to keep Texas out? And now that she is in, what are they doing for a 'dissolution' of the Union? Do they not know that 'annexation' will not step with Texas? Do they not perceive that annexation has but just commenced? Already has the decree gone forth; and nothing but the most prompt and decisive action on the part of the FREEMEN of the North, will prevent 'annexation' from extending to the shores of the Pacific Ocean. And then there is the Texas abomination, which demands no small share of our attention. Where are the Whigs, who 'resolved,' last full, that the annexation of Texas would be tantamount to a dissolution of the Union; nay, that it would be dissolution itself; and that they would go for dissolution, if Texas were annexed? What did they do to keep Texas out? And now that she is in, what are they doing for a 'dissolution' of the Union? Do they not know that 'annexation' will not step with Texas? Do they not perceive that annexation has but just commenced? Already has the decree gone forth; and nothing but the most prompt and decisive action action on the part of the FREEMEN of the North, will prevent 'annexation' from extending to the shores of the Pacific Ocean. In reference to this subject, the 'Eastern Argus,' the most influential Democratic paper in this State, holds the following language:— 'But we are free to confess, that if mutual benefit could arise to territory beyond Texas, even to the shores of the Pacific Ocean, and to ourselves, we should feel no repugnance in taking those regions under our jurisdiction, even at the hazard of offending the Whigs, British scribblers, and all the prime ministers of Europe.' This is from a Northern journal,— which tells its readers, and the world, that 'this measure is a democratic one.' It would be very 'democratic,' no doubt, VERY, to plunder Mexico of all her provinces, to the utter annihilation of that republic;— 'take those regions under our jurisdiction,' and then establish the accursed system of slavery all over that territory— 'even to the shores of the Pacific Ocean'; for this is the object, and the sole object, of this 'democratic' measure.— This measure never would have been thought of for any other purpose. It is true, they tell us that the tendency will be, to drain off the surplus slaves from Maryland, Virginia, and the more Northern slaveholding States. But it is only to have that 'tendency.' The 'surplus' slaves; leaving, of course, a large stock of good 'breeders' on hand, for the purpose of keeping up a constant surplus of slaves, to be 'drained off' to this Southern hell, as the result of this 'democratic measure!' In reference to this subject, the 'Eastern Argus,' the most influential Democratic paper in this State, holds the following language:— 'But we are free to confess, that if mutual benefit could arise to territory beyond beyond Texas, even to the shores of the Pacific Ocean, and to ourselves, we should feel no repugnance in taking those regions under our jurisdiction, even at the hazard of offending the Whigs, British scribblers, and all the prime ministers of Europe.' This is from a Northern journal,— which tells its readers, and the world, that 'this measure is a democratic democratic one.' It would be very 'democratic,' no doubt, VERY, to plunder Mexico of all her provinces, to the utter annihilation of that republic;— 'take those regions under our jurisdiction,' and then establish the accursed system of slavery all over that territory— 'even to the shores of the Pacific Ocean'; for this is the object, and the sole sole object, of this 'democratic' measure.— This measure never would have been thought of for any other purpose. It is true, they tell us that the tendency tendency will be, to drain off the surplus slaves from Maryland, Virginia, and the more Northern slaveholding States. But it is only to have that 'tendency.' The ' surplus surplus ' slaves; leaving, of course, a large stock of good 'breeders' on hand, for the purpose of keeping up a constant surplus of slaves, to be 'drained off' to this Southern hell, as the result of this 'democratic measure!' The work of the true-hearted abolitionists appears to be rapidly increasing; and it is highly important that their efforts should be directed to those points, where the most immediate and the greatest effects will be produced. The work of the true-hearted abolitionists appears to be rapidly increasing; and it is highly important that their efforts should be directed to those points, where the most immediate and the greatest effects will be produced. Yours for Justice and Humanity, Yours for Justice and Humanity, L. MOODY. L. MOODY. 

 The abolitionists are in a confounded rage with the aged colored nurse who wouldn't be emancipated at Utica, but had rather return to the sunny South, than trust the remnant of her days to the sympathies of heartless political agitators and disunionists.— Boston Morning Post. The abolitionists are in a confounded rage with the aged colored nurse who wouldn't be emancipated at Utica, but had rather return to the sunny South, than trust the remnant of her days to the sympathies of heartless political agitators and disunionists.— Boston Morning Post. Boston Morning Post. 

 BOSTON, July 28, 1845. BOSTON, July 28, 1845. WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: DEAR FRIEND— On arriving in your city the evening of the 24th, I saw in the Liberator a notice of a meeting to be held in Lynn, on the evening of the 27th, to receive Jonathan Walker, &c. This to me was somewhat unexpected, and I thought rather strange; but not knowing that the good folks of Lynn kept in their village any chains, rotten eggs, or branding irons, I concluded to step into the cars, and in a few minutes found myself, for the first time, in that place— warmly greeted by many friends of humanity. After remaining a few hours at the house of James N. Buffum, I went to the Lyceum Hall, which was soon filled to overflowing with a delightful audience— a large proportion of which was of the softer sex— I do not mean soft heads, but soft hearts, that know so well how to give the kind and welcome look to those who have suffered in the cause of humanity. DEAR FRIEND— On arriving in your city the evening of the 24th, I saw in the Liberator a notice of a meeting to be held in Lynn, on the evening of the 27th, to receive Jonathan Walker, &c. This to me was somewhat unexpected, and I thought rather strange; but not knowing that the good folks of Lynn kept in their village any chains, rotten eggs, or branding irons, I concluded to step into the cars, and in a few minutes found myself, for the first time, in that place— warmly greeted by many friends of humanity. After remaining a few hours at the house of James N. Buffum, I went to the Lyceum Hall, which was soon filled to overflowing with a delightful audience— a large proportion of which was of the softer sex— I do not mean soft heads, but soft hearts, that know so well how to give the kind and welcome look to those who have suffered in the cause of humanity. The meeting was addressed by several able speakers, who were listened to with attention throughout. A collection was taken up to pay for the use of the hall, the surplus to be presented to me as a token of sympathy for myself and family; and with sincere gratitude I acknowledge the receipt of $20 from the kind-hearted people of Lynn. The meeting was addressed by several able speakers, who were listened to with attention throughout. A collection was taken up to pay for the use of the hall, the surplus to be presented to me as a token of sympathy for myself and family; and with sincere gratitude I acknowledge the receipt of $20 from the kind-hearted people of Lynn. 'For as much as ye have done it unto one of these, ye have done it unto me.' 'For as much as ye have done it unto one of these, ye have done it unto me.' The best feelings appeared to pervade the whole audience, which numbered from 1000 to 1500. The best feelings appeared to pervade the whole audience, which numbered from 1000 to 1500. My having been chained up in a solitary cell so long, excluded from society, and looked upon as an outcast among men— and from thence ushered into a spacious hall, among New-England's pride and beauty— completely unhinged the mind, and almost prevented the power of utterance. It seemed more like a dream than a reality. My having been chained up in a solitary cell so long, excluded from society, and looked upon as an outcast among men— and from thence ushered into a spacious hall, among New-England's pride and beauty— completely unhinged the mind, and almost prevented the power of utterance. It seemed more like a dream than a reality. Thine, truly, Thine, truly, JONA. WALKER. JONA. WALKER. 

 HAVE THEY GOT A 'JIM CROW CAR'?— While passing over the Upper Railroad to Maine a day or two since, the above question occurred to us on seeing a fat, strapping, negro wench, bedizzened in the 'hoight' of fashion, enter one of the first class cars at a stopping place on the route, and seat herself with great nonchalance among the white passengers. She was followed and surrounded by three or four long visaged gentlemen who seemed to have a great predilection for close proximity to her— whether owing to their peculiar taste in essences, we cannot say; the day was remarkably warm— and one of them seated himself on the settle beside her, while the others secured seats as near as possible. The circumstance created some little stir among the passengers before seated, and a disposition to cough and sneeze was observable; whereat the long-visaged gentry looked slightly ferocious and indignant. Out of compliment to the sex of the intruder, we presume, no stronger demonstration of dislike was manifested— the iron horse gave a snort and a whew as it started off on its track, the ladies curled their pretty lips, the men smiled good humoredly, and a philosophic friend at our elbow contented himself with humming the words of a popular melody:— HAVE THEY GOT A 'JIM CROW CAR'?— While passing over the Upper Railroad to Maine a day or two since, the above question occurred to us on seeing a fat, strapping, negro wench, bedizzened in the 'hoight' of fashion, enter one of the first class cars at a stopping place on the route, and seat herself with great nonchalance nonchalance among the white passengers. She was followed and surrounded by three or four long visaged gentlemen who seemed to have a great predilection for close proximity to her— whether owing to their peculiar taste in essences, we cannot say; the day was remarkably warm warm — and one of them seated himself on the settle beside her, while the others secured seats as near as possible. The circumstance created some little stir stir among the passengers before seated, and a disposition to cough and sneeze was observable; whereat the long-visaged gentry looked slightly ferocious and indignant. Out of compliment to the sex of the intruder, we presume, no stronger demonstration of dislike was manifested— the iron horse gave a snort and a whew whew as it started off on its track, the ladies curled their pretty lips, the men smiled good humoredly, and a philosophic friend at our elbow contented himself with humming the words of a popular melody:— 'Go 'way, nigger gal, don't come nigh me,' &c. Thus the long-visaged gentry aforesaid were left to the enjoyment of their peculiar taste in odors, and we noticed that on emerging from the long, covered, and dark bridge that crosses the river at Haverhill, the gentleman who sat on the same seat with the 'dark-browed beauty' made a sudden lurch from her; probably because he had been thrown too near her by the jolting of the cars while crossing the bridge— of course, he could not have come there by any voluntary act of volition. The stay of the party in the cars was of short duration, and thus the matter ended. There are some people, however, who dislike this step toward practical amalgamation, and for their benefit it becomes necessary to ask— Have they a 'Jim Crow car' on the Upper Route?— Boston Daily Bee. 'Go 'way, nigger gal, don't come nigh me,' &c. Thus the long-visaged gentry aforesaid were left to the enjoyment of their peculiar taste in odors, and we noticed that on emerging from the long, covered, and dark dark bridge that crosses the river at Haverhill, the gentleman who sat on the same seat with the 'dark-browed beauty' made a sudden lurch from her; probably because he had been thrown too near her by the jolting of the cars while crossing the bridge— of course, he could not have come there by any voluntary act of volition. The stay of the party in the cars was of short duration, and thus the matter ended. There are some some people, however, who dislike this step toward practical amalgamation, and for their benefit it becomes necessary to ask— Have they a 'Jim Crow car' on the Upper Route?— Boston Daily Bee. Boston Daily Bee. 

 LYNN, July 28, 1845. LYNN, July 28, 1845. FRIEND GARRISON: FRIEND GARRISON: Our meeting last evening, to welcome home JONATHAN WALKER to Massachusetts, after his long and tedious confinement, was one of the most enthusiastic we have had for years. The inclemency of the weather prevented a meeting in the open air. At an early hour, our spacious Lyceum Hall was filled with his friends, who have sympathised most deeply with him in his afflictions, eager to express to him their warm love and affection, and to see the man; and especially that branded hand, made sacred to the cause of liberty by the United States branding iron. After a few introductory remarks by J.N. Buffum, Mr. Walker came forward, amid the long-continued cheering of the audience. He said that he was quite unprepared for such a reception, and to meet such a large audience. As he was but a plain man, coming but recently from his long confinement in a Florida jail, they could not expect much from him; but he would assure them that he had a warm heart, that sympathised with suffering humanity wherever it might be found, and of whatever color or condition; that he had been led to assist those poor unfortunate men of the South, from no hope of reward, other than that which comes from the conscientious discharge of duty. Our meeting last evening, to welcome home JONATHAN WALKER to Massachusetts, after his long and tedious confinement, was one of the most enthusiastic we have had for years. The inclemency of the weather prevented a meeting in the open air. At an early hour, our spacious Lyceum Hall was filled with his friends, who have sympathised most deeply with him in his afflictions, eager to express to him their warm love and affection, and to see the man; and especially that branded hand branded hand , made sacred to the cause of liberty by the United States branding iron branding iron . After a few introductory remarks by J.N. Buffum, Mr. Walker came forward, amid the long-continued cheering of the audience. He said that he was quite unprepared for such a reception, and to meet such a large audience. As he was but a plain man, coming but recently from his long confinement in a Florida jail, they could not expect much from him; but he would assure them that he had a warm heart, that sympathised with suffering humanity wherever it might be found, and of whatever color or condition; that he had been led to assist those poor unfortunate men of the South, from no hope of reward, other than that which comes from the conscientious discharge of duty. I did not believe,' he said, 'that God ever made a slave, or gave any man the right to hold a fellow-man in bondage; and therefore, those men who attempted to escape, no more belonged to their pretended masters, than to myself.' This sentiment was heartily cheered. Mr. Walker spoke twice during the meeting, giving some interesting details of his trial and imprisonment. He held up his branded hand, and assured them it should always be lifted against slavery, so long as that system continued. The house shook with applause. The whole audience were deeply impressed with the sincerity and honesty of his appearance, his manly dignity, and strong good sense. That hand, we trust, is designed by God to write the doom of slavery as effectually and legibly, as did that of old the condemnation of Belshazzar on the palace wall; and when the slaveholders shall see that what they intended as a mark of infamy, is the passport to the society of all the true friends of God and man, their knees will smite together, as did their predecessor's. I did not believe,' he said, 'that God ever made a slave, or gave any man the right to hold a fellow-man in bondage; and therefore, those men who attempted to escape, no more belonged to their pretended masters, than to myself.' This sentiment was heartily cheered. Mr. Walker spoke twice during the meeting, giving some interesting details of his trial and imprisonment. He held up his branded hand, and assured them it should always be lifted against slavery, so long as that system continued. The house shook with applause. The whole audience were deeply impressed with the sincerity and honesty of his appearance, his manly dignity, and strong good sense. That hand, we trust, is designed by God to write the doom of slavery as effectually and legibly, as did that of old the condemnation of Belshazzar on the palace wall; and when the slaveholders shall see that what they intended as a mark of infamy, is the passport to the society of all the true friends of God and man, their knees will smite together, as did their predecessor's. The meeting was also addressed by Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Putillow, Mr. Clapp, and Mr. Gay of New-York. A collection was taken up to meet the expenses, and the balance to go to Mr. Walker, which, together with some few contributions from the friends, gave Mr. Walker $20, to assist him at this hour of his need. The meeting was also addressed by Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Putillow, Mr. Clapp, and Mr. Gay of New-York. A collection was taken up to meet the expenses, and the balance to go to Mr. Walker, which, together with some few contributions from the friends, gave Mr. Walker $20, to assist him at this hour of his need. I am satisfied that Lynn is 'not dead, but sleepeth,' and that her people only need something tangible to awake them to their former zeal. May their resurection be speedy. I am satisfied that Lynn is 'not dead, but sleepeth,' and that her people only need something tangible to awake them to their former zeal. May their resurection be speedy. Yours for the oppressed, Yours for the oppressed, AN ABOLITIONIST. AN ABOLITIONIST. 

 SLAVERY.— The True American, a new paper established and conducted by Cassius M. Clay, and devoted to the interests of freedom, is destined, we are satisfied, to exert a powerful influence, and particularly in the slave States, in bringing about the downfall of the accursed institution of slavery in this country. SLAVERY.— The True American, a new paper established and conducted by Cassius M. Clay, and devoted to the interests of freedom, is destined, we are satisfied, to exert a powerful influence, and particularly in the slave States, in bringing about the downfall of the accursed institution of slavery in this country. The paper, as our readers are aware, is established in the midst of Kentucky, one of the slaveholding States. He wields a fearless and powerful pen, and the slaveholders already begin to tremble. The paper, as our readers are aware, is established in the midst of Kentucky, one of the slaveholding States. He wields a fearless and powerful pen, and the slaveholders already begin to tremble. This paper, if continued, and we hope it will be, will effect in one year more than can be accomplished by a hundred Garrisons and his coadjutors, in the space of ten. It should have a wide circulation, and will not those who have heretofore taken what are called anti-slavery papers, (but which with more propriety might be called anti-religious, and hostile to the best interests of the State,) discontinue them, and bestow their patronage upon the True American?— Greenfield Mast. Gazette. This paper, if continued, and we hope it will be, will effect in one year more than can be accomplished by a hundred Garrisons and his coadjutors, in the space of ten. It should have a wide circulation, and will not those who have heretofore taken what are called anti-slavery papers, (but which with more propriety might be called anti-religious, and hostile to the best interests of the State,) discontinue them, and bestow their patronage upon the True American?— Greenfield Mast. Gazette. Greenfield Mast. Gazette. 

 NEW-BEDFORD, 7th mo. 19th, 1845. NEW-BEDFORD, 7th mo. 19th, 1845. DEAR FRIEND: DEAR FRIEND: I promised to give three something concerning the visit of John Campbell Cluer to Nantucket. I can hardly give thee a synopsis, having taken no notes, but shall have to draw on my memory. I promised to give three something concerning the visit of John Campbell Cluer to Nantucket. I can hardly give thee a synopsis, having taken no notes, but shall have to draw on my memory. He delivered three lectures, one at the town hall, and two at the literary institution, the Atheneum. The first lecture was on American slavery at the town hall, to a very slim audience, not above five hundred. He spoke of the religion of our country sustaining the vile institution, and stated that for four hundred dollars paid into the treasury of our common country, a Christian citizen could obtain a license to sell his Christian brother at auction, in the capital of the freest nation on 'God's earth,' and sing 'Hail, Columbia, happy land!'— going, going, going!— Six hundred dollars for this my brother in the Lord!— going without a further bid!— he has been baptized, and is a member of the Church that Henry Clay has just joined! ten dollars more, bless the Lord!' He delivered three lectures, one at the town hall, and two at the literary institution, the Atheneum. The first lecture was on American slavery at the town hall, to a very slim audience, not above five hundred. He spoke of the religion of our country sustaining the vile institution, and stated that for four hundred dollars paid into the treasury of our common country, a Christian citizen could obtain a license to sell his Christian brother at auction, in the capital of the freest nation on 'God's earth,' and sing 'Hail, Columbia, happy land!'— going, going, going!— Six hundred dollars for this my brother in the Lord!— going without a further bid!— he has been baptized, and is a member of the Church that Henry Clay has just joined! ten dollars more, bless the Lord!' Mr. Cluer showed the difference between the poor of the old countries and this— said that in England, Ireland and Scotland, the poor were always ready to sign petitions for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade— that it was not the government of Great Britain that abolished slavery, for it was as much in favor of the system as is our own; but it was the fear of worse consequences— for the people were knocking louder and louder yearly: so it was THE PEOPLE that abolished slavery in that country; and so it will have to be in this country. Mr. Cluer showed the difference between the poor of the old countries and this— said that in England, Ireland and Scotland, the poor were always ready to sign petitions for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade— that it was not the government of Great Britain that abolished slavery, for it was as much in favor of the system as is our own; but it was the fear of worse consequences— for the people were knocking louder and louder yearly: so it was THE PEOPLE that abolished slavery in that country; and so it will have to be in this country. The next lecture was on Chartism. He told us that the Reverend Fathers in God declared Chartism to be infidelity, and forbid their church members going to hear any thing on the subject, on pain of excommunication (not from the Church, no, that will not do, but) from heaven, of which they hold the keys. 'Well,' he remarked, 'if Chartism is infidelity, then you, the American people, are all infidels; for Chartism is republicanism in its true sense!' He stated that the Bishops of England sat in the House of Lords, to make laws for the people. There are twenty-seven bishops and archbishops, who receive ten millions pounds sterling, which would pay ten thousand schoolmasters to educate the people, five hundred dollars apiece; and that vast sum is paid for the good of the souls of the poor, while the body is starving! A complaint was made to government, he said, that there was nothing done for education, and they appropriated thirty thousand pounds; and the man that married their pretty little Queen, called Albert, wanted some dog-kennels for his fox-hunting establishment, and they voted him seventy thousand pounds! I do not wonder that he declares the government of Great Britain as much in favor of slavery as ours. Seventy thousand pounds to hunt foxes, and thirty thousand pounds to educate the children, tells the whole story. It is for the interest of that government to keep the people ignorant. The more ignorant the subject, the better the soldier. One of the English Lords declared it was the 'depravity of England that filled the army and navy.' Are our lords spiritual any better? The next lecture was on Chartism. He told us that the Reverend Fathers in God declared Chartism to be infidelity, and forbid their church members going to hear any thing on the subject, on pain of excommunication (not from the Church, no, that will not do, but) from heaven, of which they hold the keys. 'Well,' he remarked, 'if Chartism is infidelity, then you, the American people, are all infidels; for Chartism is republicanism in its true sense!' He stated that the Bishops of England sat in the House of Lords, to make laws for the people. There are twenty-seven bishops and archbishops, who receive ten millions pounds sterling, which would pay ten thousand schoolmasters to educate the people, five hundred dollars apiece; and that vast sum is paid for the good of the souls of the poor, while the body is starving! A complaint was made to government, he said, that there was nothing done for education, and they appropriated thirty thousand pounds; and the man that married their pretty little Queen, called Albert, wanted some dog-kennels for his fox-hunting establishment, and they voted him seventy thousand pounds! I do not wonder that he declares the government of Great Britain as much in favor of slavery as ours. Seventy thousand pounds to hunt foxes, and thirty thousand pounds to educate the children, tells the whole story. It is for the interest of that government to keep the people ignorant. The more ignorant the subject, the better the soldier. One of the English Lords declared it was the ' depravity depravity of England that filled the army and navy.' Are our lords spiritual any better? The last lecture was on Physiology. Mr. Cluer said he stole his education, by dressing himself, and appearing as one of the students, and received the same attentions as the rest. Still, he thought it no crime. If it was, no one could get his instruction from him. The last lecture was on Physiology. Mr. Cluer said he stole his education, by dressing himself, and appearing as one of the students, and received the same attentions as the rest. Still, he thought it no crime. If it was, no one could get his instruction from him. After showing to the audience that what we took into our stomachs became a part of us, be it what it may, he then shewed that the colored man was organized the same as the white race; and nature and the laws of physiology operated the same on him as on his fairer brother; and the tyrant who would take away any right or privilege on account of the texture of the skin, was not fit for the name of republican; he was not even fit for the company of the autocrat of Russia. He (Mr. C.) had understood that they (the people of Nantucket) were doing the bidding of slaveholders, by shutting their schools, contrary to all law, human and divine, against the colored children; and this was lamentable. After showing to the audience that what we took into our stomachs became a part of us, be it what it may, he then shewed that the colored man was organized the same as the white race; and nature and the laws of physiology operated the same on him as on his fairer brother; and the tyrant who would take away any right or privilege on account of the texture of the skin, was not fit for the name of republican; he was not even fit for the company of the autocrat of Russia. He (Mr. C.) had understood that they (the people of Nantucket) were doing the bidding of slaveholders, by shutting their schools, contrary to all law, human and divine, against the colored children; and this was lamentable. More anon. More anon. R. R. Mr. Cluer intends making New Bedford his place of residence for the present. He has recently created considerable sensation in that town by his faithful and cogent denunciations of the rum traffic on the part of those who claim to be respectable. His meetings have been held in the open air, and attended by a great throng of listeners.— Ed. Lib. Mr. Cluer intends making New Bedford his place of residence for the present. He has recently created considerable sensation in that town by his faithful and cogent denunciations of the rum traffic on the part of those who claim to be respectable. His meetings have been held in the open air, and attended by a great throng of listeners.— Ed. Lib. Ed. Lib. 

 The following revolting declarations were made by the Rev. Dr. Capers, in a speech delivered by him a short time since at the Louisville Methodist Convention:— The following revolting declarations were made by the Rev. Dr. Capers, in a speech delivered by him a short time since at the Louisville Methodist Convention:— 'Unless we separate,' said the Doctor, 'we shall have to quit the South; for Southern men will not hear, nor suffer the slaves to hear, men who adhere to the General Conference. Hence it is a matter of absolute necessity. It is separation or inevitable ruin to the church throughout the entire South. I cannot go to South Carolina,' said Dr. Capers, with great earnestness, 'and tell the Methodists to obey the General Conference. I could do no greater evil even if I were to DESTROY MY OWN BODY AND SOUL IN HELL. I would rather MURDER MY OWN MOTHER'S SON, AY, MY OWN MOTHER, than to do it. Because in that case the church would not be a millionth part so much injured as if I should adhere to the General Conference.' 'Unless we separate,' said the Doctor, 'we shall have to quit the South; for Southern men will not hear, nor suffer the slaves to hear, men who adhere to the General Conference. for Southern men will not hear, nor suffer the slaves to hear, men who adhere to the General Conference. Hence it is a matter of absolute necessity. It is separation or inevitable ruin to the church throughout the entire South. I cannot go to South Carolina,' said Dr. Capers, with great earnestness, 'and tell the Methodists to obey the General Conference. I could do no greater evil even if I were to DESTROY MY OWN BODY AND SOUL IN HELL. I would rather MURDER MY OWN MOTHER'S SON, AY, MY OWN MOTHER, than to do it. Because in that case the church would not be a millionth part so much injured as if I should adhere to the General Conference.' 

 This is the memorable First of August! And what a day of joy, exultation and thanksgiving it must be to the eight hundred thousand captives, who were liberated on this day by the fiat of British philanthropy! Let us rejoice with them, while at the same time we mingle our tears with those of the lash-driven, scarred and manacled millions in our own country, who yet remain to receive the boon of emancipation. It will be seen that the day is to be extensively celebrated in this Commonwealth, in an appropriate manner; and to the various gatherings our fellow-citizens are invited, without distinction of sect or party. The following appropriate ode, prepared for the occasion, we copy from the Salem Observer: This is the memorable First of August! And what a day of joy, exultation and thanksgiving it must be to the eight hundred thousand captives, who were liberated on this day by the fiat of British philanthropy! Let us rejoice with them, while at the same time we mingle our tears with those of the lash-driven, scarred and manacled millions in our own country, who yet remain to receive the boon of emancipation. It will be seen that the day is to be extensively celebrated in this Commonwealth, in an appropriate manner; and to the various gatherings our fellow-citizens are invited, without distinction of sect or party. The following appropriate ode, prepared for the occasion, we copy from the Salem Observer:  TUNE— Old Lang Syne. TUNE— Old Lang Syne Old Lang Syne . Welcome the day we celebrate,Welcome this jubilee!Let every voice shout, shout aloud,Great Britain's slaves are free!Then let the sound go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,Victoria's realms no more are curstWith chattel slavery. Welcome the day we celebrate,Welcome this jubilee!Let every voice shout, shout aloud,Great Britain's slaves are free!Then let the sound go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,Victoria's realms no more are curstWith chattel slavery.        The whip, the fetter, and the chain,Are buried in the earth;And cries, and groans, and wailings now,Are changed to joy and mirth.Then let the word go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,Great Britain once held many slaves,But now hath set them free. The whip, the fetter, and the chain,Are buried in the earth;And cries, and groans, and wailings now,Are changed to joy and mirth.Then let the word go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,Great Britain once held many slaves,But now hath set them free.        Now let us turn to our own land,That claims to be so free,And yet three million souls are heldIn abject slavery.Then let the word go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,That fair Columbia s soil is dyedIn blackest slavery. Now let us turn to our own land,That claims to be so free,And yet three million souls are heldIn abject slavery.Then let the word go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,That fair Columbia s soil is dyedIn blackest slavery.        Shame, shame on our America,Whose steeples tower on high,And prayers from gilded altars rise,In anthems to the skies;Whose banners, waving to the breeze,O'er mountain height and sea,Falsely proclaiming far and wideOur countrymen are free. Shame, shame on our America,Whose steeples tower on high,And prayers from gilded altars rise,In anthems to the skies;Whose banners, waving to the breeze,O'er mountain height and sea,Falsely proclaiming far and wideOur countrymen are free.        O, let those banners wave no more,Until our land is free;Nor prayers, nor songs ascend on high,In solemn mockery.But let the truth go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,This boasted land of Freedom isStill curst with slavery. O, let those banners wave no more,Until our land is free;Nor prayers, nor songs ascend on high,In solemn mockery.But let the truth go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,This boasted land of Freedom isStill curst with slavery.        Up, then! for freedom and for right,And get a glorious name;And wipe from our escutcheon brightThe foul and damning stain.Then shall the truth go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,Columbia, our happy land,Is now forever free. Up, then! for freedom and for right,And get a glorious name;And wipe from our escutcheon brightThe foul and damning stain.Then shall the truth go far and wide,O'er mountain height and sea,Columbia, our happy land,Is now forever free.        We would again renew the request we made last week, that full and graphic sketches of the proceedings of the various Pic Nics, to be held this day, be forwarded to us as early as practicable for publication in the Liberator. We would again renew the request we made last week, that full and graphic sketches of the proceedings of the various Pic Nics, to be held this day, be forwarded to us as early as practicable for publication in the Liberator. 

 BRO. GARRISON: BRO. GARRISON: A pic nic was held in this place on the 4th instant, got up by the young men, and the call was to the people, without regard to sect or party, with the understanding that nothing should be said relative to the religious sentiments or political opinions of any party. Based on this principle, all parties in good faith contributed of their substance to the wants of the occasion, with the hope that a good degree of harmony and good feeling might be the result of the social gathering. A splendid table was furnished in the grove, which reflected much credit on the good taste and generosity of those concerned. But my object in this communication is to show, that through the treachery of sectarianism and party feeling, the good intention of the people was basely perverted, and made an occasion to traduce and vilify the character of a portion of its peaceful citizens. A pic nic was held in this place on the 4th instant, got up by the young men, and the call was to the people, without regard to sect or party, with the understanding that nothing should be said relative to the religious sentiments or political opinions of any party. Based on this principle, all parties in good faith contributed of their substance to the wants of the occasion, with the hope that a good degree of harmony and good feeling might be the result of the social gathering. A splendid table was furnished in the grove, which reflected much credit on the good taste and generosity of those concerned. But my object in this communication is to show, that through the treachery of sectarianism and party feeling, the good intention of the people was basely perverted, and made an occasion to traduce and vilify the character of a portion of its peaceful citizens. At the time appointed, a large number of people assembled, and marched from the hall to the beautiful grove. A rostrum as prepared for such as might be disposed to speak on the occasion. After the people had suitably arranged themselves, the President introduced to the audience a Mr. Holbrook from Salem, who delivered a written discourse with some degree of eloquence, though most of it was bombastic, and had but little depth of thought. He spoke of our forefathers, and eulogized their deeds of blood, and gloried in the blessed Union, and endeavored to maintain that we really were a nation of freemen— of high-minded and honorable men— Christian-like and patriotic! Apparently ignorant that nearly three millions of us were slaves, suffering under oppression ten-fold more bitter than that against which our fathers fought; that we elevate to the highest office in the nation, those who trade in the bodies and souls of men, and whose feet are swift to shed innocent blood; and that, by our 'glorious Constitution,' we were bound to fight the battles of slavery, and to return the fugitive bondman. A nation of honorable and Christian people are we? Would the gentleman hold his present opinions, were he a slave, and obliged to feel the lash upon his naked back? I think not. And, truly, it does seem as though there were many who needed this kind of argument to teach them it was their duty to feel for the bound as bound with them; for, says the voice of inspiration, 'He that stoppeth his ears against the cry of the needy, shall cry himself, and not be heard.' At the time appointed, a large number of people assembled, and marched from the hall to the beautiful grove. A rostrum as prepared for such as might be disposed to speak on the occasion. After the people had suitably arranged themselves, the President introduced to the audience a Mr. Holbrook from Salem, who delivered a written discourse with some degree of eloquence, though most of it was bombastic, and had but little depth of thought. He spoke of our forefathers, and eulogized their deeds of blood, and gloried in the blessed Union, and endeavored to maintain that we really were a nation of freemen— of high-minded and honorable men— Christian-like and patriotic! Apparently ignorant that nearly three millions of us were slaves, suffering under oppression ten-fold more bitter than that against which our fathers fought; that we elevate to the highest office in the nation, those who trade in the bodies and souls of men, and whose feet are swift to shed innocent blood; and that, by our 'glorious Constitution,' we were bound to fight the battles of slavery, and to return the fugitive bondman. A nation of honorable and Christian people are we? Would the gentleman hold his present opinions, were he a slave, and obliged to feel the lash upon his naked back? I think not. And, truly, it does seem as though there were many who needed this kind of argument to teach them it was their duty to feel for the bound as bound with them; for, says the voice of inspiration, 'He that stoppeth his ears against the cry of the needy, shall cry himself, and not be heard.' The speaker, in the course of his remarks, took occasion to stigmatise and vilify the come-outers. He regarded them as an unfortunate and ignorant class of people— moboocrats turning the world upside down. His remarks on this point were received with great joy and satisfaction by the presiding officers, the clergy, and many others, as the contortions of their countenances most clearly demonstrated— a kind of sectarian jubilee. For, be it remembered, that six Reverend Divines were present, who, as usual, and as in olden time, found their way into the uppermost seats of the spacious synagogue, and were called of men 'Rabbi,' or 'Reverend,' as were the same class of men in former times; and, doubtless, it was as gratifying to their ambition, and as pleasing to their vanity. But as the gentleman's remarks were simply his assertions, it will require to login to answer them. His efforts seemed only to expose his own ignorance and stupidity, or it showed his own naked deformity in being devoid of principle in that that he was willing to please any side, right or wrong, for the sake of the hire, or to please his employer, agreeably to his profession as a lawyer. For he knows, if he known anything about it, that the come-outers, as a body, are the most enlightened and intelligent class in the community. He knows they are men brave and self-sacrificing, and that among them are some of the leading spirits of the nation— men capable of instructing the people, and teaching their senators wisdom— men whom posterity will delight to honor. The speaker, in the course of his remarks, took occasion to stigmatise and vilify the come-outers. He regarded them as an unfortunate and ignorant class of people— moboocrats turning the world upside down. His remarks on this point were received with great joy and satisfaction by the presiding officers, the clergy, and many others, as the contortions of their countenances most clearly demonstrated— a kind of sectarian jubilee. For, be it remembered, that six Reverend Divines were present, who, as usual, and as in olden time, found their way into the uppermost seats of the spacious synagogue, and were called of men 'Rabbi,' or 'Reverend,' as were the same class of men in former times; and, doubtless, it was as gratifying to their ambition, and as pleasing to their vanity. But as the gentleman's remarks were simply his assertions, it will require to login to answer them. His efforts seemed only to expose his own ignorance and stupidity, or it showed his own naked deformity in being devoid of principle in that that he was willing to please any side, right or wrong, for the sake of the hire, or to please his employer, agreeably to his profession as a lawyer. For he knows, if he known anything about it, that the come-outers, as a body, are the most enlightened and intelligent class in the community. He knows they are men brave and self-sacrificing, and that among them are some of the leading spirits of the nation— men capable of instructing the people, and teaching their senators wisdom— men whom posterity will delight to honor. The speaker informed us that he had been invited here by our President; and, for aught I knew, it was upon his own responsibility, or that of a few of his clique; and there is good reason to believe that it was through his instrumentality every honest man, and I am glad to know that it finds but little sympathy in this community. It shows him unworthy to be again promoted to any responsible station. But will he say that he had no hand in this business, but some other rich nabob, who happened to be present, put the speaker up to it? To this I reply, that he knew that it was the understanding that nothing should be said with regard to any body's religious sentiments or political opinions; and it was his duty to have informed the gentleman of this, and warned him against it— the neglect of which makes him culpable. The speaker informed us that he had been invited here by our President; and, for aught I knew, it was upon his own responsibility, or that of a few of his clique; and there is good reason to believe that it was through his instrumentality every honest man, and I am glad to know that it finds but little sympathy in this community. It shows him unworthy to be again promoted to any responsible station. But will he say that he had no hand in this business, but some other rich nabob, who happened to be present, put the speaker up to it? To this I reply, that he knew that it was the understanding that nothing should be said with regard to any body's religious sentiments or political opinions; and it was his duty to have informed the gentleman of this, and warned him against it— the neglect of which makes him culpable. Here was a little company of come-outers, who had for years been struggling against wind and tide— who have had all the malignity of leading men of the three denominations combined and drawn up in battle array against us, to put us down. We have been mobbed with brickbats and rotten eggs, and the meeting-houses are constantly barred against us; while our pious calumniators have done what they could to blast our character and cripple our influence by calling us 'infidels,' 'fanatics,' and 'madmen';— and then when we are called together to meet the people at a social gathering, in good faith, even then with some the spirit of war is rife, and we must be shamefully attacked. And this, I learn, one of the officiating deacons in the place said was right! Here was a little company of come-outers, who had for years been struggling against wind and tide— who have had all the malignity of leading men of the three denominations combined and drawn up in battle array against us, to put us down. We have been mobbed with brickbats and rotten eggs, and the meeting-houses are constantly barred against us; while our pious calumniators have done what they could to blast our character and cripple our influence by calling us 'infidels,' 'fanatics,' and 'madmen';— and then when we are called together to meet the people at a social gathering, in good faith, even then with some the spirit of war is rife, and we must be shamefully attacked. And this, I learn, one of the officiating deacons in the place said was right! After taking some refreshments, various toasts were offered. Among the rest, I offered the following:— 'The come-outers have, on this occasion, been stigmatized and berated; but they have been peaceable and quiet, and have not attempted to drag the speaker from the stand. May the church and her supporters get wisdom, and profit by the example.' After taking some refreshments, various toasts were offered. Among the rest, I offered the following:— 'The come-outers have, on this occasion, been stigmatized and berated; but they have been peaceable and quiet, and have not attempted to drag the speaker from the stand. May the church and her supporters get wisdom, and profit by the example.' I soon found that I had hit the old serpent, and caused him to move his poisonous tongue, and spit forth his venom in the shape of a hiss, as I learn, from the lips of the good deacon above alluded to, followed by others of the same stamp. He has since declared that he has felt better ever since that day. Truly, if his mind is so easily wrought upon as to find relief in so trifling a matter, there is reason to apprehend that his enjoyment will not be of long endurance— a very slight circumstance might trouble him. Should his eye rest upon this communication, even, he is liable to be thrown into as much horror of mind as before, and he or his friends might be obliged to get his priest, or some one else, to preach a sermon on come-outism, for his special relief. I soon found that I had hit the old serpent, and caused him to move his poisonous tongue, and spit forth his venom in the shape of a hiss, as I learn, from the lips of the good deacon above alluded to, followed by others of the same stamp. He has since declared that he has felt better ever since that day. Truly, if his mind is so easily wrought upon as to find relief in so trifling a matter, there is reason to apprehend that his enjoyment will not be of long endurance— a very slight circumstance might trouble him. Should his eye rest upon this communication, even, he is liable to be thrown into as much horror of mind as before, and he or his friends might be obliged to get his priest, or some one else, to preach a sermon on come-outism, for his special relief. But let us examine the above sentiment, and see what there is in it to be hissed. The church, it is well known, when she thinks herself reproached and vilified, will rave and lay violent hands on her accusers, and thrust them headlong out of doors, and sometimes hurl them through the windows from the second story. A case of the kind was attempted in this place, in the Orthodox meeting-house, by one of its members. Violent hands were laid upon the offender, but unsuccessfully. But the come-outers, on this occasion, had been grossly slandered and assailed, and they were peaceable and quiet; and their prayer was, that the church and its minions might take the lesson, and profit by the example, when in like circumstances; in the language of Jesus, when they felt themselves reviled, and had all manner of evil spoken against them falsely, that they might rejoice, and be exceeding glad; for great should be their reward in heaven. And now I appeal to the candid among my fellow-citizens— those who could hiss at the above sentiment, whose children are they? Are they the children of the kingdom? or are they of their father, the devil, whose language they speak? But let us examine the above sentiment, and see what there is in it to be hissed. The church, it is well known, when she thinks herself reproached and vilified, will rave and lay violent hands on her accusers, and thrust them headlong out of doors, and sometimes hurl them through the windows from the second story. A case of the kind was attempted in this place, in the Orthodox meeting-house, by one of its members. Violent hands were laid upon the offender, but unsuccessfully. But the come-outers, on this occasion, had been grossly slandered and assailed, and they were peaceable and quiet; and their prayer was, that the church and its minions might take the lesson, and profit by the example, when in like circumstances; in the language of Jesus, when they felt themselves reviled, and had all manner of evil spoken against them falsely, that they might rejoice, and be exceeding glad; for great should be their reward in heaven. And now I appeal to the candid among my fellow-citizens— those who could hiss at the above sentiment, whose children are they? Are they the children of the kingdom? or are they of their father, the devil, whose language they speak? Respectfully yours, Respectfully yours, M. WRIGHT. M. WRIGHT. Georgetown, July 10th, 1845. Georgetown, July 10th, 1845. 

 Not withstanding the rain-storm on Sunday last prevented the meeting of the friends of the oppressed on the Common in Lynn, as was contemplated, to receive Jonathan Walker, the spacious Lyceum hall was filled to overflowing, and the proceedings— which were protracted till 10 o'clock at night— were of an enthusiastic character. The warm reception given to Mr. Walker by such noble hearts must have been no trifling compensation (and more is to come) for the sufferings and losses endured by him in Pensacola. He is preparing a narrative of his case for the press, which will speedily appear in pamphlet form, and we doubt not will be eagerly purchased. Not withstanding the rain-storm on Sunday last prevented the meeting of the friends of the oppressed on the Common in Lynn, as was contemplated, to receive Jonathan Walker, the spacious Lyceum hall was filled to overflowing, and the proceedings— which were protracted till 10 o'clock at night— were of an enthusiastic character. The warm reception given to Mr. Walker by such noble hearts must have been no trifling compensation (and more is to come) for the sufferings and losses endured by him in Pensacola. He is preparing a narrative of his case for the press, which will speedily appear in pamphlet form, and we doubt not will be eagerly purchased. 

 BRAE-HEAD, near PAISLEY, June 28, 1845. BRAE-HEAD, near PAISLEY, June 28, 1845. DEAR FRIEND: DEAR FRIEND: Enclosed is a reply to the article in the Belfast News Letter. Every effort has been made, by the leaders and editors of the Free Church, to divert attention from their guilty position respecting slavery. They seek to array popular prejudice against me, on account of my views of the Sabbath, the church and ministry; and they do it, to a great extent; for the priesthood and church organizations, with WHISKEY TODDY, are the chief gods of the religionists of Scotland. I believe in a Christian ministry and a Christian church, and with a full and grateful heart do I say that Christ is my hope. Christianity is dearer to me every day I live. But to a slaveholding, war-making, tippling, time-serving church and clergy, I am an enemy. To a God that sanctions war and slavery, monopoly and aristocracy, I am an atheist.— To a religion that sanctions the gallows, drunkenness, and proud ambitious priesthood and sects, I am an infidel— I must be to be, a Christian. In Christianity, and in the God of Christianity, I believe, with all my soul. In this kingdom, as in America, the sectarian organizations, that are composed of drunkards, liars, swindlers, robbers, and murderers, are called Christian churches. I deny their claim, and cease not to oppose their pretensions. Here the great cry with the time-serving, hireling clergy is— 'preach the gospel— abolish drunkenness, war, hanging, slavery, monopoly, and do away all sin and sinful institutions, by preaching the gospel.' It is sickening, disgusting, to hear a minister, while tippling his toddy, talk of doing away drunkenness by preaching the gospel. It is enough to make one loathe the very name of Christian minister, to hear a fat, well-endowed priest, like CANDLISH, CUNNINGHAM and CHALMERS, talk of doing away slavery by preaching the gospel, while they claim a right to buy and hold slaves, rather than be destitute of domestic servants. It is enough to make the very name of Christian a stench, to hear professed Christians admit that the necessary tendency of Christianity is to do away all war and hanging; while, at the same time, they cry out against non-resistance as opposed to Christianity. But of all the infamous doctrines put forth by infidel, Jew, Mahometan, heathen, or atheist, none appears to me more utterly subversive of truth, justice, Christianity, and of God and humanity, than that put forth by BIRNEY, LEAVITT, GOODELL, and other leaders of Liberty party in America, i.e. the doctrine of mental reservations IN SOLEMN OATHS. From the first formation of that party, it became their watchword— the slogan of the party. In their papers, in their jubilee assemblies, in their elections— they every where raised the cry, that, in taking an oath to support the Constitution, they swore to support only what they deemed right— they did not swear to support it as it is, but as, in their opinion, it ought to be. To my knowledge, the question from the beginning of the party was put to Goodell, to Leavitt, to Birney, to Stanton, to Alvan Stewart, and to others— 'Could you execute the Constitution in its provisions to put down servile insurrections, to restore the fugitive slave, and to protect the domestic slave trade?' and they answered, 'No— as abolitionists we could not.' Could you then fill the office of President? 'Yes, was their reply. How could you call God to witness that you 'will faithfully execute the office of President, and preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution?' Their reply was, we swear to execute only such duties belonging to the office as we think in accordance with God's will. Birney could not accept the office of President, and be true to his anti-slavery principles, without being a PERJURED man. If an abolitionist cannot hold the office without being a perjured man, neither can he vote for any other to hold it, as it is, and not be guilty of the same crime— for the earth or affirmation of allegiance to the Constitution is resting on the voter as well as on the office-holder. I marvel that any honest, Christian man can consent to be a member of a political combination, bound together by such a Constitution. In this country, as in America, many who are freely denounced as infidels, are doing the work of Christians. God bless all such infidelity as seeks to establish the empire of Christ over men, in the shape of Chartism, Free-Trade, Teetotalism, Anti-Slavery, Non-Resistance, and all moral, PEACEFUL, reforms and revolutions. That these, and other like questions that bear upon the spiritual regeneration of man, in his individual and social capacity, are destined to supplant the popular religion, priesthood, and church organizations of misnamed Christendom, I have not a doubt— for these are essentially and invariably opposed to Christ and his kingdom. Non-Resistance, Anti-Slavery, Total Abstinence, Free Trade and Free Suffrage, are true ministers of Christ to bring the Gospel to bear upon the practical regeneration and redemption of the world, while the priesthood and their sectarian organizations are the bulwarks of slavery, war, hanging, theft, concubinage, robbery murder, and every sin— the real practical infidels and atheists of mankind. Enclosed is a reply to the article in the Belfast News Letter. Every effort has been made, by the leaders and editors of the Free Church, to divert attention from their guilty position respecting slavery. They seek to array popular prejudice against me, on account of my views of the Sabbath, the church and ministry; and they do it, to a great extent; for the priesthood and church organizations, with WHISKEY TODDY, are the chief gods of the religionists of Scotland. I believe in a Christian Christian ministry and a Christian Christian church, and with a full and grateful heart do I say that Christ is my hope. Christ is my hope. Christianity is dearer to me every day I live. But to a slaveholding, war-making, tippling, time-serving church and clergy, I am an enemy. To a God that sanctions war and slavery, monopoly and aristocracy, I am an atheist.— To a religion that sanctions the gallows, drunkenness, and proud ambitious priesthood and sects, I am an infidel— I must be to be, a Christian. Christian. In Christianity, and in the God of Christianity, I believe, with all my soul. In this kingdom, as in America, the sectarian organizations, that are composed of drunkards, liars, swindlers, robbers, and murderers, are called Christian Christian churches. I deny their claim, and cease not to oppose their pretensions. Here the great cry with the time-serving, hireling clergy is— ' preach the gospel preach the gospel — abolish drunkenness, war, hanging, slavery, monopoly, and do away all sin and sinful institutions, by preaching the gospel.' It is sickening, disgusting, to hear a minister, while tippling his toddy, talk of doing away drunkenness by preaching the gospel. It is enough to make one loathe the very name of Christian minister, to hear a fat, well-endowed priest, like CANDLISH, CUNNINGHAM and CHALMERS, talk of doing away slavery by preaching the gospel, while they claim a right to buy and hold slaves, rather than be destitute of domestic servants. It is enough to make the very name of Christian a stench, to hear professed professed Christians admit that the necessary tendency of Christianity is to do away all war and hanging; while, at the same time, they cry out against non-resistance as opposed to Christianity. But of all the infamous doctrines put forth by infidel, Jew, Mahometan, heathen, or atheist, none appears to me more utterly subversive of truth, justice, Christianity, and of God and humanity, than that put forth by BIRNEY, LEAVITT, GOODELL, and other leaders of Liberty party in America, i.e. the doctrine of mental reservations mental reservations IN SOLEMN OATHS. From the first formation of that party, it became their watchword— the slogan of the party. In their papers, in their jubilee assemblies, in their elections— they every where raised the cry, that, in taking an oath to support the Constitution, they swore to support only what they deemed right— they did not swear to support it as it is as it is , but as, in their opinion, it ought to be. ought to be. To my knowledge, the question from the beginning of the party was put to Goodell, to Leavitt, to Birney, to Stanton, to Alvan Stewart, and to others— 'Could you execute the Constitution in its provisions to put down servile servile insurrections, to restore the fugitive slave, and to protect the domestic slave trade? slave trade? ' and they answered, ' No No — as abolitionists we could not.' Could you then fill the office of President? 'Yes, was their reply. How could you call God to witness that you 'will faithfully execute the office of President, and preserve, protect preserve, protect , and defend defend the Constitution?' Their reply was, we swear to execute only such duties belonging to the office as we think in accordance with God's will. Birney could not accept the office of President, and be true to his anti-slavery principles, without being a PERJURED man. If an abolitionist cannot hold the office without being a perjured man, neither can he vote vote for any other to hold it, as it is as it is , and not be guilty of the same crime— for the earth or affirmation of allegiance to the Constitution is resting on the voter voter as well as on the office-holder. I marvel that any honest, Christian man can consent to be a member of a political combination, bound together by such a Constitution. In this country, as in America, many who are freely denounced as infidels, are doing the work of Christians. God bless all such infidelity as seeks to establish the empire of Christ over men, in the shape of Chartism, Free-Trade, Teetotalism, Anti-Slavery, Non-Resistance Chartism, Free-Trade, Teetotalism, Anti-Slavery, Non-Resistance , and all moral, PEACEFUL, reforms and revolutions. That these, and other like questions that bear upon the spiritual regeneration of man, in his individual and social capacity, are destined to supplant the popular religion, priesthood, and church organizations of misnamed Christendom, I have not a doubt— for these are essentially and invariably opposed to Christ and his kingdom. Non-Resistance, Anti-Slavery, Total Abstinence, Free Trade and Free Suffrage, are true ministers of Christ to bring the Gospel to bear upon the practical regeneration and redemption of the world, while the priesthood and their sectarian organizations are the bulwarks of slavery, war, hanging, theft, concubinage, robbery murder, and every sin— the real practical infidels and atheists of mankind. HENRY C. WRIGHT. HENRY C. WRIGHT. WM. LLOYD GARRISON. WM. LLOYD GARRISON. 

 The day has come! Another year's experience of freedom in the British West Indies has added its concurrent testimony to the overwhelming mass of evidence previously existing, that immediate emancipation is the safest and best remedy for slavery. Yet men's minds are so blinded and their hearts so hardened by the exercise of tyranny, that they would need constant repetition of this great truth, even if their guilt were not apologized for, and their course defended, as it is, by the clergy and the religious and political press. Festivals like that which we are about to celebrate, supply the means of combating these pernicious influences, and all our energies should be employed to improve them to the best advantage. Two things are needed to overthrow slavery. Faith! faith in God; trust in the absolute certainty that his truth must be victorious; and Works! the persevering and indefatigable use of all the means in our power to send light and truth to the hearts of the people in both North and South. Here is one of the most precious opportunities of spreading abroad this truth. Let every man and woman, who love the Anti-Slavery cause, advertise these meetings to the extent of their ability, and call upon their friends and acquaintances to lay aside ordinary business and pleasure, that this one day may be devoted to the slave. We expect large meetings; and we shall do our best to provide those who attend them with sound and thorough-going anti-slavery truth. The day has come! Another year's experience of freedom in the British West Indies has added its concurrent testimony to the overwhelming mass of evidence previously existing, that immediate emancipation is the safest and best remedy for slavery. Yet men's minds are so blinded and their hearts so hardened by the exercise of tyranny, that they would need constant repetition of this great truth, even if their guilt were not apologized for, and their course defended, as it is, by the clergy and the religious and political press. Festivals like that which we are about to celebrate, supply the means of combating these pernicious influences, and all our energies should be employed to improve them to the best advantage. Two things are needed to overthrow slavery. Faith Faith ! faith in God; trust in the absolute certainty that his truth must must be victorious; and Works Works ! the persevering and indefatigable use of all the means in our power to send light and truth to the hearts of the people in both North and South. Here is one of the most precious opportunities of spreading abroad this truth. Let every man and woman, who love the Anti-Slavery cause, advertise these meetings to the extent of their ability, and call upon their friends and acquaintances to lay aside ordinary business and pleasure, that this one day may be devoted to the slave. We expect large meetings; and we shall do our best to provide those who attend them with sound and thorough-going anti-slavery truth. The places of meeting are The places of meeting are Table  Table  CHARLES K. WHIPPLE, CHARLES K. WHIPPLE, General Agent. General Agent. General Agent. 

 DEAR SIR:— I enclose the reply of the Rev. H.C. Wright to certain editorial strictures which appeared in the Belfast News-Letter of 23d ult., on his book, entitled 'Six Months at Graefenberg,' and which I handed to the accredited editor of that paper on Monday morning, for publication, as an act of justice to Mr. Wright. He declined giving an answer before Thursday, and then refused to insert the document. Why such delay? Perhaps it was unavoidable. No doubt a council had to deliberate on its contents; but whether the Board assembled in Belfast, or in a town some thirty miles distant, remains a matter of conjecture. I observe, in this day's News-Letter, some editorial remarks about Mr. Wright, distinguished by good taste and politeness, particularly the passage referring to the correspondence published in your paper between that gentleman and the venerable Thomas Clarkson. The patriarch of the Anti-Slavery cause does more than merely acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Wright's letter, for he says, 'My friend, for so I must call every one who has labored, as you have done, for many years in our holy cause'— and further adds, 'that it gives me great pleasure to hear that you are going to hold a public meeting in Edinburgh on the propriety of holding no fellowship with slaveholders.' Now, here, from high authority, is evidence given in behalf of Mr. Wright's character, and warm approbation of his course of proceeding; for Mr. Clarkson says, alluding to his contemplated visit to the Scottish metropolis, 'The resolution meets my entire approbation.' I know you have taken to part in this controversy, nor is it my wish that you should express any opinion regarding it; but, as an act of mere justice to an absent stranger, and as a personal favor to myself, I crave the insertion of Mr. Wright's letter in the columns of your journal. DEAR SIR:— I enclose the reply of the Rev. H.C. Wright to certain editorial strictures which appeared in the Belfast News-Letter of 23d ult., on his book, entitled 'Six Months at Graefenberg,' and which I handed to the accredited editor of that paper on Monday morning, for publication, as an act of justice to Mr. Wright. He declined giving an answer before Thursday, and then refused to insert the document. Why such delay? Perhaps it was unavoidable. No doubt a council had to deliberate on its contents; but whether the Board assembled in Belfast, or in a town some thirty miles distant, remains a matter of conjecture. I observe, in this day's News-Letter, some editorial remarks about Mr. Wright, distinguished by good taste and politeness distinguished by good taste and politeness , particularly the passage referring to the correspondence published in your paper between that gentleman and the venerable Thomas Clarkson. The patriarch of the Anti-Slavery cause does more than merely acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Wright's letter, for he says, 'My friend, for so I must call every one who has labored, as you have done, as you have done, for many years in our holy cause'— and further adds, 'that it gives me great pleasure to hear that you are going to hold a public meeting in Edinburgh on the propriety of holding no fellowship with slaveholders.' Now, here, from high authority, is evidence given in behalf of Mr. Wright's character, and warm approbation of his course of proceeding; for Mr. Clarkson says, alluding to his contemplated visit to the Scottish metropolis, 'The resolution meets my entire approbation.' I know you have taken to part in this controversy, nor is it my wish that you should express any opinion regarding it; but, as an act of mere justice to an absent stranger, and as a personal favor to myself, I crave the insertion of Mr. Wright's letter in the columns of your journal. I remain, dear sir, yours truly, I remain, dear sir, yours truly, JAMES STANDFIELD. JAMES STANDFIELD. Belfast, 6th June, 1845. Belfast, 6th June, 1845. 

 The abolitionists of Middlesex and Suffolk Counties, and the people generally, will unite in the celebration of the anniversary of West India Emancipation by a Festival in HARRINGTON'S GROVE, WALTHAM, on the 1st of August. The abolitionists of Middlesex and Suffolk Counties, and the people generally, will unite in the celebration of the anniversary of West India Emancipation by a Festival in HARRINGTON'S GROVE, WALTHAM, on the 1st of August. The SUFFOLK COUNTY delegation will leave the Fitchburg Railroad depot precisely at half past nine o'clock, and will arrive on the ground at 10 o'clock, which will be the hour of assembling. The cars will stop at the usual way stations in Cambridge, &c. The SUFFOLK COUNTY delegation will leave the Fitchburg Railroad depot precisely at half past nine o'clock half past nine o'clock , and will arrive on the ground at 10 o'clock, which will be the hour of assembling. The cars will stop at the usual way stations in Cambridge, &c. Tickets may be procured at 25 Cornhill, at only thirty cents for both passages, if procured previous to the day of the celebration. Tickets may be procured at 25 Cornhill, at only thirty cents for both passages, if procured previous to the day of the celebration if procured previous to the day of the celebration . Friends in MIDDLESEX COUNTY, residing near the line of the Worcester Railroad, can take the cars on that road as far as West Newton, from which place to the grove the distance is but two miles, which will not be considered formidable on such an occasion. Friends in MIDDLESEX COUNTY, residing near the line of the Worcester Railroad, can take the cars on that road as far as West Newton, from which place to the grove the distance is but two miles, which will not be considered formidable on such an occasion. Friends residing near the Fitchburg Railroad will of course throng to the meeting, and can leave the cars at the Grove, before reaching Waltham. Friends residing near the Fitchburg Railroad will of course throng to the meeting, and can leave the cars at the Grove at the Grove , before reaching Waltham. Among the distinguished friends of emancipation who will be present, are Ralph Waldo Emerson, Capt. Jonathan Walker, S.S., (Slave Savior,) the Hero of Pensacola, Loring Moody, Wm. I. Bowditch, Esq., of Boston, James N. Buffum, and Hon. Henry Wilson of Natick. Among the distinguished friends of emancipation who will be present, are Ralph Waldo Emerson, Capt. Jonathan Walker, S.S., (Slave Savior,) the Hero of Pensacola, Loring Moody, Wm. I. Bowditch, Esq., of Boston, James N. Buffum, and Hon. Henry Wilson of Natick. Individuals or parties are requested to furnish themselves with such refreshments as they desire; and opportunity will be allowed of partaking of them in Pic Nic style, and for recreation. Individuals or parties are requested to furnish themselves with such refreshments as they desire; and opportunity will be allowed of partaking of them in Pic Nic style, and for recreation. The Grove is delightfully situated, on the margin of Charles river, and presents unusual advantages for the comfort and enjoyment of those who attend. The Grove is delightfully situated, on the margin of Charles river, and presents unusual advantages for the comfort and enjoyment of those who attend. Let all those who desire to see the Jubilee of Freedom proclaimed in our own country, come, that they may rejoice at her triumphs in other lands; and that they may teach their children to hail the return of the day, and admiringly imitate the action which it commemorates. Let all those who desire to see the Jubilee of Freedom proclaimed in our own country our own country , come, that they may rejoice at her triumphs in other lands; and that they may teach their children to hail the return of the day, and admiringly imitate the action which it commemorates. If the day should prove stormy, the celebration will be postponed till the ensuing Monday. If the day should prove stormy, the celebration will be postponed till the ensuing Monday. 

 To the Editor of the News-Letter: To the Editor of the News-Letter To the Editor of the News-Letter : STIRLING, May 29, 1845. STIRLING, May 29, 1845. SIR:— A copy of your paper of May 23, has just come to me. In it is a leading editorial, headed— 'View of a late Belfast Lecturer'— purporting to be a review of a book recently published by me, entitled— 'Six Months at Graefenberg, with Conversations on Non-Resistance, and other subjects.' I would deem it an act of courtesy if you will publish the following in reply. SIR:— A copy of your paper of May 23, has just come to me. In it is a leading editorial, headed— 'View of a late Belfast Lecturer'— purporting to be a review of a book recently published by me, entitled— ' Six Months at Graefenberg, with Conversations on Non-Resistance, and other subjects. Six Months at Graefenberg, with Conversations on Non-Resistance, and other subjects. ' I would deem it an act of courtesy if you will publish the following in reply. I came to Belfast to speak and lecture on the subjects of slavery and war, and, ever since I left that place, I have been speaking and lecturing in Scotland on the same subjects. In lecturing on WAR, the only point at issue between me and my opponents is this: I believe it is a sin against God— a violation of the essential spirit and fundamental principles of Christianity— for man to take the life of man in defence of property, liberty, or life, or as a penalty for crime; they do not believe this. Here we differ; and true it is a wide difference. I endeavored to show, that the life-taking principle is wrong, and that, of course, every institution based upon that principle (as necessary to its existence) must be swept from the earth, with the false and bloody principle on which it is founded. This is the sum of my Radicalism on the subject of non-resistance, and of my offence; and in this I have offended, and shall offend yet more deeply, for I believe that resistance to evil in individuals and nations, by arms and blood, is a practical denial of Christ as Prince of Peace— a virtual rejection of Christianity, which teaches us to love our enemies, to forgive as we would be forgiven, and to put away wrath and anger, and be kindly affectionate one to another, forgiving one another, as God, for Christ's sake, hath forgiven us. I came to Belfast to speak and lecture on the subjects of slavery and war, and, ever since I left that place, I have been speaking and lecturing in Scotland on the same subjects. In lecturing on WAR, the only point at issue between me and my opponents is this: I believe it is a sin against God— a violation of the essential spirit and fundamental principles of Christianity— for man to take the life of man in defence of property, liberty, or life, or as a penalty for crime; they they do not believe this. Here we differ; and true it is a wide difference. I endeavored to show, that the life-taking life-taking principle is wrong, and that, of course, every institution based upon that principle (as necessary to its existence) must be swept from the earth, with the false and bloody principle on which it is founded. This is the sum of my Radicalism on the subject of non-resistance, and of my offence; and in this I have offended, and shall offend yet more deeply, for I believe that resistance to evil in individuals and nations, by arms and blood, is a practical denial of Christ as Prince of Peace— a virtual rejection of Christianity, which teaches us to love our enemies, to forgive as we would be forgiven, and to put away wrath and anger, and be kindly affectionate one to another, forgiving one another, as God, for Christ's sake, hath forgiven us. to love our enemies, to forgive as we would be forgiven, and to put away wrath and anger, and be kindly affectionate one to another, forgiving one another, as God, for Christ's sake, hath forgiven us. As to SLAVERY, I taught in Belfast, that slaveholding is a sin which no possible circumstances can palliate or justify. To hard MAN— the image of God— with brutes and creeping things, and reduce him to an article of merchandise to be bought and sold at auction with mules, hogs, and goods, is an insult to God and an outrage upon man, and that all who do this deed of unutterable villany (be they Presidents, Governors, Doctors of Divinity, Priests, Bishops, or laymen,) ought to be, and will be, cast out of the pale of Christian fellowship and respectability, and classed with common thieves and robbers. Three millions of human beings— our brethren, and children of our common Father— are, in America, cast out of the pale of humanity, and ranked with beasts and things! They are dehumanized and imbruted; and, so far as it is possible for man to do it, they are shut out from human sympathy, as immortal men, and out of the kingdom of heaven. As to SLAVERY, I taught in Belfast, that slaveholding is a sin which no possible circumstances can palliate or justify. To hard MAN— the image of God— with brutes and creeping things, and reduce him to an article of merchandise to be bought and sold at auction with mules, hogs, and goods, is an insult to God and an outrage upon man, and that all who do this deed of unutterable villany (be they Presidents, Governors, Doctors of Divinity, Priests, Bishops, or laymen,) ought to be, and will will be, cast out of the pale of Christian fellowship and respectability, and classed with common thieves and robbers. Three millions of human beings— our brethren, and children of our common Father— are, in America, cast out of the pale of humanity, and ranked with beasts and things! They are dehumanized and imbruted; and, so far as it is possible for man to do it, they are shut out from human sympathy, as immortal men, and out of the kingdom of heaven. My manner of life in Belfast was known to many. Whether I acted in accordance with my anti-slavery and non-resistance principles, and whether my life and conversation were such as became Christian and a friend of man, those who associated with me must judge. I have had occasion to say much against the leaders of the Free Church, solely the ground that they have attempted to defend the right of man to enslave his brother and to buy and sell at auction, for certain purposes those for whose redemption Christ died. The single point at issue between us is— Is claiming and holding men as property a sin that should exclude from Christian fellowship? Doctors Chalmers, Cunningham, and Candlish, say NO. I say YES. And I show that I have on my side the unanimous testimony of two world's conventions, met in London in 1840 and in 1843— of the Congregational Union of England and Wales— of the Wesleyan Conference of England— of the Baptist Union— of the Presbyterian General Assembly of Ireland— of the Society of Friends, and of the reformed Presbyterians— of John Angel James— of Joseph Sturge, and of numerous other individuals and local ecclesiastical bodies— and of Thomas Clarkson and George Thompson. The leaders of the Free Church have on their side, to a man, every slaveholder in America, and all their abettors and apologists in that and in this country. Doctors Chalmers, Cunningham and Candlish declare that slaveholding, or classing man, made in the image of God, with beasts and things, is not a sin in itself, and that men may do this deed innocently. In Belfast, and in Scotland, I have shown the absurdity and wickedness of their apologies for a deed so full of infamy and horror, as that of trafficking in slaves and the souls of men. I have shown that Christianity is against them, and that, in lending their influence to sanction and sustain American slaveholders in their course of enslaving and imbruting men, they are fighting against God, and at war with man's redemption. how do you meet my arguments?— How do you seek to screen those leaders of the Free Church? By showing my charges against slaveholders false? No. By showing that my statements respecting Doctors Chalmers, Candlish and Cunningham are false or exaggerated? No. By proving that my statements in regard to the condition of the slaves are false? No. Not one attempt do you make to prove that slavery and slaveholders are not exactly what I describe them to be. You do not attempt to deny my facts, nor to meet my arguments touching SLAVEHOLDING and Christian fellowship with SLAVEHOLDERS— the only question at issue; but you seek to divert attention from slaveholding, and the union of the Free Church with slaveholders, by an attack upon my opinions on other matters. Your whole argument, extending to nearly two columns, is this:— 'H.C. Wright holds very false and radical opinions respecting the sabbath, public worship, the priesthood, hanging, and the condition of Ireland; therefore slaveholding is not a sin in itself, and it is right in the Free Church to hold Christian fellowship with slaveholders! He is a decrier of our sabbath, a virulent hater of the clergy, and a radical of the most vulgar stamp; therefore the people of Belfast should not oppose the Free Church, in its efforts to throw over MANSTEALERS the holy and venerable sanctions of Christianity! H.C. Wright is not an auxiliary who will either honor the cause he espouses, or advance its interests; therefore the people of Belfast, and of Ireland and Great Britain, should not listen to the calls for help from the millions of slaves in America— nor should they lift a finger to rescue man from the auction, the gallows, or the battle-field.' Such is the substance of your article. Now, supposing that I am all you represent me to be— suppose me to be in a fatal error on other questions— suppose I am wholly incompetent to expound the gospel of Jesus Christ on any subject, and that I am 'totally unworthy confidence and respect,' and 'wholly destitute of judgment, sense, and sanity,' as Dr. Cunningham would say— suppose I were Jew, a Mahometan, a Heathen, a savage, or something worse than all— may I not entreat you, the Free Church, the people of Belfast, and the whole kingdom, and the world, to come and help our fellow-beings, our common brethren, the children of our common Father, for whom our common Savior died— from the lusts, the power, and the brutality of those who would herd them with beasts and things? I ask you not to work with me. Cast H.C. Wright out of your sympathies, and vote him Infidel, Heathen, Jew, or Pagan, or whatever you think he deserves; only do not yourselves, in seeking to avoid him, 'enter into a covenant with death and an agreement with hell,' by joining hands with man-stealers, and by partaking with those who abolish marriage by law, and compel men and women to herd together, like brutes, in a state of concubinage. Whatever I may be in other respects, I am a human being, and, as such, I shall not cease to plead for the American slave, and to rebuke the slaveholder, and all his apologists and abettors, wherever they may be found. By virtue of my membership in the human family, I claim a right to rebuke Drs. Chalmers, Cunningham, and Candlish, and shall do so while they hold the sentiment that 'it is right to buy and hold slaves rather than to be without domestic servants.' By the same right, I shall rebuke every man who apologises for those who turn man, made in the image of God, into a brute. Such rebukes, by whomsoever uttered, will have their effect. My manner of life in Belfast was known to many. Whether I acted in accordance with my anti-slavery and non-resistance principles, and whether my life and conversation were such as became Christian and a friend of man, those who associated with me must judge. I have had occasion to say much against the leaders of the Free Church, solely solely the ground that they have attempted to defend the right of man to enslave his brother and to buy and sell at auction, for certain purposes those for whose redemption Christ died. The single point at issue between us is— Is Is  claiming and holding men as property a sin that should exclude from Christian fellowship? claiming and holding men as property a sin that should exclude from Christian fellowship? Doctors Chalmers, Cunningham, and Candlish, say NO. I say YES. And I show that I have on my side the unanimous testimony of two world's conventions, met in London in 1840 and in 1843— of the Congregational Union of England and Wales— of the Wesleyan Conference of England— of the Baptist Union— of the Presbyterian General Assembly of Ireland— of the Society of Friends, and of the reformed Presbyterians— of John Angel James— of Joseph Sturge, and of numerous other individuals and local ecclesiastical bodies— and of Thomas Clarkson Thomas Clarkson and George Thompson. George Thompson. The leaders of the Free Church have on their side, to a man, every slaveholder in America, and all their abettors and apologists in that and in this country. Doctors Chalmers, Cunningham and Candlish declare that slaveholding, slaveholding, or classing man, made in the image of God, with beasts and things, is not a sin in itself in itself , and that men may do this deed innocently. innocently. In Belfast, and in Scotland, I have shown the absurdity and wickedness of their apologies for a deed so full of infamy and horror, as that of trafficking in slaves and the souls of men. I have shown that Christianity is against them, and that, in lending their influence to sanction and sustain American slaveholders in their course of enslaving and imbruting men, they are fighting against God, and at war with man's redemption. how do you meet my arguments?— How do you seek to screen those leaders of the Free Church? By showing my charges against slaveholders false? No. By showing that my statements respecting Doctors Chalmers, Candlish and Cunningham are false or exaggerated? No. By proving that my statements in regard to the condition of the slaves are false? No. Not one attempt do you make to prove that slavery and slaveholders are not exactly what I describe them to be. You do not attempt to deny my facts, nor to meet my arguments touching SLAVEHOLDING and Christian fellowship with SLAVEHOLDERS— the only question at issue; but you seek to divert attention from slaveholding, and the union of the Free Church with slaveholders, by an attack upon my opinions on other matters. Your whole argument, extending to nearly two columns, is this:— 'H.C. Wright holds very false and radical opinions respecting the sabbath, public worship, the priesthood, hanging, sabbath, public worship, the priesthood, hanging, and the condition of Ireland condition of Ireland ; therefore slaveholding slaveholding is not a sin in itself in itself , and it is right in the Free Church to hold Christian fellowship with slaveholders! He is a decrier of our sabbath, a virulent hater of the clergy, and a radical of the most vulgar stamp; therefore the people of Belfast should not oppose the Free Church, in its efforts to throw over MANSTEALERS the holy and venerable sanctions of Christianity! H.C. Wright is not an auxiliary who will either honor the cause he espouses, or advance its interests; therefore the people of Belfast, and of Ireland and Great Britain, should not listen to the calls for help from the millions of slaves in America— nor should they lift a finger to rescue man from the auction, the gallows, or the battle-field.' Such is the substance of your article. Now, supposing that I am all you represent me to be— suppose me to be in a fatal error on other questions— suppose I am wholly incompetent to expound the gospel of Jesus Christ on any subject, and that I am 'totally unworthy confidence and respect,' and 'wholly destitute of judgment, sense, and sanity,' as Dr. Cunningham would say— suppose I were Jew Jew , a Mahometan Mahometan , a Heathen Heathen , a savage savage , or something worse than all— may I not entreat you, the Free Church, the people of Belfast, and the whole kingdom, and the world, to come and help our fellow-beings, our common brethren, the children of our common Father, for whom our common Savior died— from the lusts, the power, and the brutality of those who would herd them with beasts and things? I ask you not to work with me. me. Cast H.C. Wright out of your sympathies, and vote him Infidel, Heathen, Jew, or Pagan, or whatever you think he deserves; only do not yourselves, in seeking to avoid him, 'enter into a covenant with death and an agreement with hell,' by joining hands with man-stealers, and by partaking with those who abolish marriage by law, and compel men and women to herd together, like brutes, in a state of concubinage. Whatever I may be in other respects, I am a human being human being , and, as such, I shall not cease to plead for the American slave, and to rebuke the slaveholder, and all his apologists and abettors, wherever they may be found. By virtue of my membership in the human family, I claim a right to rebuke Drs. Chalmers, Cunningham, and Candlish, and shall do so while they hold the sentiment that 'it is right to buy and hold slaves rather than to be without domestic servants.' By the same right, I shall rebuke every man who apologises for those who turn man, made in the image of God, into a brute. Such rebukes, by whomsoever uttered, will have their effect. As to your criticisms on what I say of the Presbyterian General Assembly in America, my answer is— that I do believe that Assembly is a BROTHERHOOD OF THIVES; because it is composed in part of MAN-STEALERS. Man-stealers act as its Moderators, Clerks, and preach, pray and make speeches in it, and, as a body, it countenances and supports man-stealing; and, in the language of one, well known and greatly honored in this country, I would say, 'if devils ever rejoice, they hold a jubilee every time that man-stealing General Assembly meets.' You greatly mistake if you think my charge is only against the Presbyterians. I would say the same, and do, against every ecclesiastical body in that nation— be they Episcopalians, Baptists, Methodists, or Congregationalists— that admit slaveholders to sit as members. They are a brotherhood of man-stealers, or the worst kind of thieves. If the Free Church joins in that Assembly, and sits with man-stealers, to devise ways and means to evangelize the world, the Free Church will become a part of that man-stealing bandit. If you or your wife and children were slaves, and bought and sold as beasts by these Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, or Episcopalians, you would not hesitate to brand their assemblies, conferences, and associations, composed of those who sold and used you as brutes and things, as 'dens of consecrated villany,' as 'reverend hypocrites.' Thus I charge them, before God and the world, and the voice of mankind will thus brand them sooner than they think. As to your criticisms on what I say of the Presbyterian General Assembly in America, my answer is— that I do believe that Assembly is a BROTHERHOOD OF THIVES; because it is composed in part of MAN-STEALERS. Man-stealers act as its Moderators, Clerks, and preach, pray and make speeches in it, and, as a body, it countenances and supports man-stealing; and, in the language of one, well known and greatly honored in this country, I would say, 'if devils ever rejoice, they hold a jubilee every time that man-stealing General Assembly meets.' You greatly mistake if you think my charge is only against the Presbyterians. I would say the same, and do, against every ecclesiastical body in that nation— be they Episcopalians, Baptists, Methodists, or Congregationalists— that admit slaveholders to sit as members. They are a brotherhood of man-stealers, or the worst kind of thieves. If the Free Church joins in that Assembly, and sits with man-stealers, to devise ways and means to evangelize the world, the Free Church will become a part of that man-stealing bandit. If you or your wife and children were slaves, and bought and sold as beasts by these Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, or Episcopalians, you would not hesitate to brand their assemblies, conferences, and associations, composed of those who sold and used you as brutes and things, as 'dens of consecrated villany villany ,' as 'reverend hypocrites.' Thus I charge them, before God and the world, and the voice of mankind will thus brand them sooner than they think. Now, as to my views of the SABBATH, I would say, it is my belief that Christianity consecrates not time or place, but MEN and WOMEN, to God— that my idea of keeping a day holy is, that we should live holy during that day, and that it is our duty thus to live holy every day— I believe that Christianity would consecrate all times and places (i.e. MAN in all times and places) to God— that we are bound not to think our own thoughts, speak our own words, or seek our own pleasure, on the first or on any other day of the week— that no action is sinful because of the DAY or PLACE in which it is done. I would have men keep Sunday holy— i.e. live holy on that day— even much more holy than they do; but I would have them keep every other day equally holy— I would have men rest from bodily toil on Sunday, and appropriate the day to other duties. Now, as to my views of the SABBATH, I would say, it is my belief that Christianity consecrates not time time or place place , but MEN and WOMEN, to God— that my idea of keeping a day day holy is, that we should live holy we should live holy during that day, and that it is our duty thus to live holy every day— I believe that Christianity would consecrate all times and places ( i.e. i.e. MAN in all times and places) to God— that we are bound not to think our own thoughts, speak our own words, or seek our own pleasure, on the first or on any other day of the week— that no action is sinful because of the that no action is sinful because of the DAY or PLACE in which it is done. in which it is done. I would have men keep Sunday holy— i.e. i.e. live holy on that day— even much more holy than they do; but I would have them keep every other day equally holy— I would have men rest from bodily toil on Sunday, and appropriate the day to other duties. As to CHRISTIAN WORSHIP, I believe that worship, in the Christian sense, means serving or obeying God; and those who obey God most strictly, worship him most devoutly. Those who have most of the spirit of our Divine Redeemer, who most strictly follow in His steps, most implicitly submit to His authority, and obey Him as lawgiver, judge, and king, do worship Him most acceptably. To keep His commands, as far as they know them, is to worship or serve Him. Thus, I believe, every act of our lives ought to be, and would be, if they were true Christians, an act of Christian worship, an act of devotion to God, 'Whether they eat or drink, whatever they do, all to the glory of God'— .e. an act of Christian worship or devotion. Thus I believe, we are bound to set apart not only the first day, but, also, every day of the week, and every moment of our lives, to the purpose of Christian worship— to sacred and religious purposes. 'We should offer our bodies and souls a living sacrifice every hour to God, which is our reasonable service.' Our whole life on earth should be an act of devotion to God— of Christian worship. As to CHRISTIAN WORSHIP, I believe that worship, in the Christian sense, means serving serving or obeying obeying God; and those who obey obey God most strictly, worship worship him most devoutly. Those who have most of the spirit of our Divine Redeemer, who most strictly follow in His steps, most implicitly submit to His authority, and obey Him as lawgiver, judge, and king, do worship Him most acceptably. To keep His commands, as far as they know them, is to worship or serve Him. Thus, I believe, every act of our lives ought to be, and would be, if they were true Christians, an act of Christian worship, an act of devotion to God, 'Whether they eat or drink, whatever they do, all to the glory of God'— .e. .e. an act of Christian worship or devotion. Thus I believe, we are bound to set apart not only the first day, but, also, every day of the week, and every moment of our lives, to the purpose of Christian worship— to sacred and religious purposes. 'We should offer our bodies and souls a living sacrifice every hour to God, which is our reasonable service.' Our whole life on earth should be an act of devotion to God— of Christian worship. As to the CHRISTIAN MINISTRY, I believe that men are called by the spirit of God to be Christians, and that every person, who is thus called to be a Christian, is called by the Holy Ghost to be a Minister of Christ to preach the gospel to every creature, each one according to his gifts with which God has endowed him or her— each one should preach Jesus and him crucified to his fellow-creatures, to win them to a pure and holy life, according to his or her gifts in the station in which he or she moves in life. Let those who have gifts for public speaking preach in that way— let those who have gifts only for private speaking preach in that way— and let all preach by an honest life, and a holy walk with God. Thus Christianity makes every Christian a priest unto God— to bring the gospel to bear on the world, to regenerate and redeem it, and make 'Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God'— to abolish slavery, war, drunkenness, and all sin. But a slaveholding and war-making, a man-stealing and man-killing priesthood— a priesthood that can apologise for enslaving, imbruting, and murdering men, by law or without law, I do not recognize as a Christian ministry. They throw the sanctions of a holy God over theft, robbery, and murder. I say to every priest or minister, of whatever name, who sanctions American slavery, or who seeks to shelter slaveholders in his embrace from the scorn and execration of the world, 'THOU ART THE MAN' to whom I allude. As to the CHRISTIAN MINISTRY, I believe that men are called by the spirit of God to be Christians, and that every person, who is thus called to be a Christian, is called by the Holy Ghost to be a Minister of Christ to preach the gospel to every creature, each one according to his gifts according to his gifts with which God has endowed him or her— each one should preach Jesus and him crucified to his fellow-creatures, to win them to a pure and holy life, according to his or her gifts in the station in which he or she moves in life. Let those who have gifts for public speaking preach in that way— let those who have gifts only for private private speaking preach in that way— and let all preach by an honest life, and a holy walk with God. Thus Christianity makes every Christian a priest unto God— to bring the gospel to bear on the world, to regenerate and redeem it, and make 'Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God'— to abolish slavery, war, drunkenness, and all sin. But a slaveholding and war-making, a man-stealing and man-killing priesthood— a priesthood that can apologise for enslaving, imbruting, and murdering men, by law or without law, I do not recognize as a Christian ministry. They throw the sanctions of a holy God over theft, robbery, and murder. I say to every priest or minister, of whatever name, who sanctions American slavery, or who seeks to shelter slaveholders in his embrace from the scorn and execration of the world, 'THOU ART THE MAN' to whom I allude. Such are my views of the Christian Sabbath, of Christian worship, and the Christian ministry.— These have long been my views. These are the views put forth, at large, in the book which you professed to review. I shall not now attempt to defend them, but will say, that, because such are my views, will you justify the Free Church in holding fellowship with man-stealers? If you think it wrong to work with me in rescuing our common humanity from the auction stand, because I hold the above views, I hope they will not cease to work by themselves. As to my treatment in Belfast, it was all which, as a human being, I could ask or wish; and sure I am, that though my friends there may regret that I differ from them in other matters, they will not cease to advocate the claims of the slave, and to rebuke all who seek to apologise for slaveholders, because of what they regard as my errors.— Though I should turn out to be some wandering Jew, some straggling Mahometan, or savage, or madman broke loose, still they will not be deterred from duty to the slave and the slaveholder by that. They may let me pass into oblivion, but they will not desert the dumb and the down-trodden slave. I shall ever love them, and honor them, whatever they may think and feel it their duty to say of me. It is possible the time may come in which it will be considered less criminal to join with H.C. Wright in confronting and rescuing slaves from the grasp of their oppressors, than to join in Christian fellowship with slaveholders, and thus aid to perpetuate a system of fraud and injustice, such as the sun never shone upon before. Such are my views of the Christian Sabbath, of Christian worship, and the Christian ministry.— These have long been my views. These are the views put forth, at large, in the book which you professed to review. I shall not now attempt to defend them, but will say, that, because such are my views, will you justify the Free Church in holding fellowship with man-stealers? man-stealers? If you think it wrong to work with me in rescuing our common humanity from the auction stand auction stand , because I hold the above views, I hope they will not cease to work by themselves. As to my treatment in Belfast, it was all which, as a human being, I could ask or wish; and sure I am, that though my friends there may regret that I differ from them in other matters, they will not cease to advocate the claims of the slave, and to rebuke all who seek to apologise for slaveholders, because of what they regard as my errors. errors. — Though I should turn out to be some wandering Jew, some straggling Mahometan, or savage, or madman broke loose, still they will not be deterred from duty to the slave and the slaveholder by that. They may let me pass into oblivion, but they will not desert the dumb and the down-trodden slave. I shall ever love them, and honor them, whatever they may think and feel it their duty to say of me. It is possible the time may come in which it will be considered less criminal to join with H.C. Wright in confronting and rescuing slaves from the grasp of their oppressors, than to join in Christian fellowship with slaveholders, and thus aid to perpetuate a system of fraud and injustice, such as the sun never shone upon before. HENRY C. WRIGHT. HENRY C. WRIGHT. 

 The abolitionists in Norfolk County are hereby informed that, in compliance with the request of the General Agent of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, the Board of Managers of the Norfolk Co. A.S. Society have selected DEDHAM as the most suitable place for the celebration of the great event of West Indian Emancipation: The members and friends of this Society, and the Massachusetts Society and its auxiliaries, and the public in general, are cordially invited to assemble at the Town Hall in Dedham, on FRIDAY, THE FIRST DAY OF AUGUST NEXT, at NINE o'clock, A.M. Whence they will march in procession to Temperance Grove, where the celebration will be held. It is confidently hoped that the several towns in the county will send up even larger delegations than on any former occasion. Besides the topics immediately connected with the illustrious anniversary itself, our own new dangers and duties arising from the annexation of Texas and the prospect of a pro-slavery war, will be considered and discussed. Let the whole anti-slavery strength of the County be present to express their deep sense of the importance of the events that now impend to the fate of our enslaved countrymen, to our own hopes, and to those of the race. The abolitionists in Norfolk County are hereby informed that, in compliance with the request of the General Agent of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, the Board of Managers of the Norfolk Co. A.S. Society have selected DEDHAM as the most suitable place for the celebration of the great event of West Indian Emancipation: The members and friends of this Society, and the Massachusetts Society and its auxiliaries, and the public in general, are cordially invited to assemble at the Town Hall in Dedham, on FRIDAY, THE FIRST DAY OF AUGUST NEXT, at NINE o'clock, A.M. Whence they will march in procession to Temperance Grove, where the celebration will be held. It is confidently hoped that the several towns in the county will send up even larger delegations than on any former occasion. Besides the topics immediately connected with the illustrious anniversary itself, our own new dangers and duties arising from the annexation of Texas and the prospect of a pro-slavery war, will be considered and discussed. Let the whole anti-slavery strength of the County be present to express their deep sense of the importance of the events that now impend to the fate of our enslaved countrymen, to our own hopes, and to those of the race. Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Edmund Quincy, Rev. Theodore Parker, and other distinguished friends of the cause, will be present. Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Edmund Quincy, Rev. Theodore Parker, and other distinguished friends of the cause, will be present. In consequence of the difficulties that have attended a pleasant and equitable distribution of refreshments— difficulties caused by persons not really interested in the occasion— the celebration will be strictly a Pic Nic. Nothing but cold water will be provided, and the friends are requested to bring their own provisions, drinking vessels, &c. In consequence of the difficulties that have attended a pleasant and equitable distribution of refreshments— difficulties caused by persons not really interested in the occasion— the celebration will be strictly a Pic Nic. Nothing but cold water will be provided Nothing but cold water will be provided , and the friends are requested to bring their own provisions, drinking vessels, &c. WILLIAM P. ATKINSON, WILLIAM P. ATKINSON, Chief Marshal. Chief Marshal Chief Marshal . 

 The papers of last week announce two events, in a manner that unfolds the spirit and character of the national religion beyond all necessity for any further misapprehension. One is the death of Andrew Jackson, and the other the joining of the church by Henry Clay. The one, it is said, 'expired with the utmost calmness, expressing the highest confidence of a happy immortality through a Redeemer,' the other, the Congregational Journal solemnly says,— 'we are truly rejoiced to learn, has recently become a communicant in Christ's Church, Lexington, Kentucky.' The papers of last week announce two events, in a manner that unfolds the spirit and character of the national religion beyond all necessity for any further misapprehension. One is the death of Andrew Jackson, and the other the joining of the church by Henry Clay. The one, it is said, 'expired with the utmost calmness, expressing the highest confidence of a happy immortality through a Redeemer,' the other, the Congregational Journal solemnly says,— 'we are truly rejoiced to learn, has recently become a communicant in Christ's Church, Lexington, Kentucky.' And who are these men that the religious newspapers and American clergy are so proud to identify as fellow-christians? Who are made members of their churches, and honorary members of their Missionary and Sabbath Associations while living, and when dead, are exalted to a seat at the right hand of the Most High? Who are extolled as lights in the world, as worthy patterns to be imitated by those of humble mould? Who are the idols of their respective political parties, and receive in untold numbers, the suffrages of priest, deacon and church member, for the highest offices in the people's gift? Whose names are inscribed on our vessels, from Man of War to Mud Scow, after whom our forts, corporations, canals, bridges and turnpikes are called, and to whose honor and memory, churches may yet be erected, and into whose name baptized, as patron saints? St. Jackson and St. Clay, in calendar with St. Peter and St. Patrick!— Whose great toe bones may yet be hallowed and enshrined with those other 'precious relics of the church,' the Virgin Mary's milk, a phial of Egypt's darkness, the jaw-bone with which Sampson slew the Philistines, and the bits of wood from the cross on which Christ died,— enough of which fragments are preserved (and all of the identical cross,) to build a dozen steepled synagogues! Who are these men, and what— that they should be thus signally honored by the pious and prayerful of our times? What have they done that the church thus greedily seizes on their names to emblazon abroad her own greatness, her exceeding excellence and glory? And who are these men that the religious newspapers and American clergy are so proud to identify as fellow-christians? Who are made members of their churches, and honorary members of their Missionary and Sabbath Associations while living, and when dead, are exalted to a seat at the right hand of the Most High? Who are extolled as lights in the world, as worthy patterns to be imitated by those of humble mould? Who are the idols of their respective political parties, and receive in untold numbers, the suffrages of priest, deacon and church member, for the highest offices in the people's gift? Whose names are inscribed on our vessels, from Man of War to Mud Scow, after whom our forts, corporations, canals, bridges and turnpikes are called, and to whose honor and memory, churches may yet be erected, and into whose name baptized, as patron saints? St. Jackson and St. Clay, in calendar with St. Peter and St. Patrick!— Whose great toe bones may yet be hallowed and enshrined with those other 'precious relics of the church,' the Virgin Mary's milk, a phial of Egypt's darkness, the jaw-bone with which Sampson slew the Philistines, and the bits of wood from the cross on which Christ died,— enough of which fragments are preserved (and all of the identical cross,) to build a dozen steepled synagogues! Who are these men, and what— that they should be thus signally honored by the pious and prayerful of our times? What have they done that the church thus greedily seizes on their names to emblazon abroad her own greatness, her exceeding excellence and glory? Andrew Jackson dies— the church eulogizes his character, and Democracy goes into mourning. But the earth is ridden of a monster, and humanity is delivered from a ravenous devourer. His band was thicker than itself with a brother's blood. His political pilgrimage was signally marked with intrigue and deceit, even for a politician, and ended with a superhuman and too successful effort to prolong and extend slavery by hoisting Texas from her deeps of ignorance into union with these confederated States. His treatment of the Cherokee, Creek, and other tribes of Indians, will damn his memory forever, in the eyes of a virtuous posterity, who shall hereafter read the history of those diabolical transactions. Andrew Jackson dies— the church eulogizes his character, and Democracy goes into mourning. But the earth is ridden of a monster, and humanity is delivered from a ravenous devourer. His band was thicker than itself with a brother's blood. His political pilgrimage was signally marked with intrigue and deceit, even for a politician, and ended with a superhuman and too successful effort to prolong and extend slavery by hoisting Texas from her deeps of ignorance into union with these confederated States. His treatment of the Cherokee, Creek, and other tribes of Indians, will damn his memory forever, in the eyes of a virtuous posterity, who shall hereafter read the history of those diabolical transactions. Long has he lived, but not to bless mankind. He pretended to fight the battles of Freedom, but he returned to rivet fetters on millions of his equal brethren. He extolled the bravery of his colored regiments at the battle of New Orleans, and then hurled them down to the gulf of despair, to die in heavy chains. And lest their children's children should, in long after time, wake to Liberty, at the archangel clarion now sounding by the sons and daughters of Humanity, he lingers on the grave, bequeaths his slaves to his heirs, and, with husky voice, and lip and cheek blanched and quivering in death, decrees and achieves the annexation of Texas, to extend and eternize the slave system; then sinks to rise no more. Long has he lived, but not to bless mankind. He pretended to fight the battles of Freedom, but he returned to rivet fetters on millions of his equal brethren. He extolled the bravery of his colored regiments at the battle of New Orleans, and then hurled them down to the gulf of despair, to die in heavy chains. And lest their children's children should, in long after time, wake to Liberty, at the archangel clarion now sounding by the sons and daughters of Humanity, he lingers on the grave, bequeaths his slaves to his heirs, and, with husky voice, and lip and cheek blanched and quivering in death, decrees and achieves the annexation of Texas, to extend and eternize the slave system; then sinks to rise no more. Now let his friends rear the proud marble Monument, and engrave his name in brass. Time shall mow down the one, and trample out the other. Let the church canonize him as a saint, a very paragon of all that is excellent in the christian, and great and desirable in the man. But when men shall learn to hate war, to loathe rapine, abhor blood, and detest oppression, as ere long they shall, it will all avail nothing to rescue his name from deepest oblivion, or shield it from dishonor and disgrace. Now let his friends rear the proud marble Monument, and engrave his name in brass. Time shall mow down the one, and trample out the other. Let the church canonize him as a saint, a very paragon of all that is excellent in the christian, and great and desirable in the man. But when men shall learn to hate war, to loathe rapine, abhor blood, and detest oppression, as ere long they shall, it will all avail nothing to rescue his name from deepest oblivion, or shield it from dishonor and disgrace. And Henry Clay, too. HE HAS JOINED THE CHURCH. Perhaps the first dream he had of his fitness, was when the church began to make him honorary member of some of her Sunday and Missionary corporations. What has he done with and for his sixty slaves? Some of them are, doubtless, what he church calls christians. Christ is formed in them, and God in Christ. And whatsoever is done 'to one of these little ones,' is done to Christ. Henry Clay then enslaves, buys, sells, whips and drives the very God and Savior whose church he thus impiously joins. And the church trumpets his communionship through the earth with as much holy glee as do the fallen fiends through the glooms of perdition. And Henry Clay, too. HE HAS JOINED THE CHURCH. Perhaps the first dream he had of his fitness, was when the church began to make him honorary member of some of her Sunday and Missionary corporations. What has he done with and for his sixty slaves? Some of them are, doubtless, what he church calls christians. Christ is formed in them, and God in Christ. And whatsoever is done 'to one of these little ones,' is done to Christ. Henry Clay then enslaves, buys, sells, whips and drives the very God and Savior whose church he thus impiously joins. And the church trumpets his communionship through the earth with as much holy glee as do the fallen fiends through the glooms of perdition. In developments, such as these, let American religion be read and understood. It matters not how bloody the warrior, how murderous the duelist, how depraved the gambler, how polluted the libertine, only let him prate well about 'glorious immortality through a Redeemer,' like Jackson, and talk of 'the sacredness of the Sabbath,' like Henry Clay or Daniel Webster, and the church will send her coach and six to convey him in royal state to Paradise. She needs great names now that her Holy Spirit has left her, out of which to make capital. And she must have them. No matter for the character. She would make a deacon or a D.D. of the devil,— and it should be Deacon Devil, and around, or in every pulpit— only let him speak well of her sanctuary and sacraments, her Sabbaths and her slaveholding. In developments, such as these, let American religion be read and understood. It matters not how bloody the warrior, how murderous the duelist, how depraved the gambler, how polluted the libertine, only let him prate well about ' glorious immortality through a Redeemer glorious immortality through a Redeemer ,' like Jackson, and talk of 'the sacredness of the Sabbath,' like Henry Clay or Daniel Webster, and the church will send her coach and six to convey him in royal state to Paradise. She needs great names now that her Holy Spirit has left her, out of which to make capital. And she must have them. No matter for the character. She would make a deacon or a D.D. of the devil,— and it should be Deacon Devil, and around, or in every pulpit— only let him speak well of her sanctuary and sacraments, her Sabbaths and her slaveholding. And his Satanic Majesty is worthy. Indeed, is he not, at least by proxy, a member now, in the person of many a political hack, whose infamy is equalled by nothing but the unblushing hypocrisy with which he puts on the livery of heaven? And his Satanic Majesty is worthy. Indeed, is he not, at least by proxy, a member now, in the person of many a political hack, whose infamy is equalled by nothing but the unblushing hypocrisy with which he puts on the livery of heaven? The church has lost her revivals, and is trying her hand now at securing great names, still to awe the people and prolong her existence. She knows we are prone to 'be afraid of that which is high.' But her designs shall be overthrown. There are those who will teach the people, (if they need teaching,) to scorn them. There are those who will laugh at all the dragon idols and blood-besmeared saints she elects to her Societies, or receives into her communion. There are those who will strip off the very winding sheet of the dead, to reveal the blackness and depravity of their hearts, if the church sets up these black and depraved hearts to be adored and imitated. No sacred sanctuary, no solemn sepulchre, no priestly panegyric, no plaudits of political partizans, shall shield the infamous from the odium that attaches to their character. A priest, a president, or a politician, is but a man. Hardly that. And while a ragged, untitled, uneducated, unconverted, unbaptized, unordained sinner is denounced and hung for his crimes, there are those who will at least brand, (not punish,) as equal or grosser felons, the men who cover baser deeds and blacker characters under robes of honor, office, professions, piety and prayers.— (PARKER PILLSBURY. The church has lost her revivals, and is trying her hand now at securing great names great names , still to awe the people and prolong her existence. She knows we are prone to 'be afraid of that which is high.' But her designs shall be overthrown. There are those who will teach the people, (if they need teaching,) to scorn them. There are those who will laugh at all the dragon idols and blood-besmeared saints she elects to her Societies, or receives into her communion. There are those who will strip off the very winding sheet of the dead, to reveal the blackness and depravity of their hearts, if the church sets up these black and depraved hearts to be adored and imitated. No sacred sanctuary, no solemn sepulchre, no priestly panegyric, no plaudits of political partizans, shall shield the infamous from the odium that attaches to their character. A priest, a president, or a politician, is but a man. Hardly that. And while a ragged, untitled, uneducated, unconverted, unbaptized, unordained sinner is denounced and hung for his crimes, there are those who will at least brand brand , (not punish,) as equal or grosser felons, the men who cover baser deeds and blacker characters under robes of honor, office, professions, piety and prayers.— (PARKER PILLSBURY. 

 The friends of immediate emancipation in Essex County are invited to meet at PORTER'S GROVE, DANVERS, NEW MILLS, on the 1st of August, to commemorate the emancipation of the slaves in the British West Indies. The friends of immediate emancipation in Essex County are invited to meet at PORTER'S GROVE, DANVERS, NEW MILLS, on the 1st of August, to commemorate the emancipation of the slaves in the British West Indies. The hour of meeting will be 10 o'clock, A.M., and each party or individual will provide their own refreshments, on the original plan of Pic Nics. Pure cold water and shady seats will be provided. The hour of meeting will be 10 o'clock, A.M., and each party or individual will provide their own refreshments, on the original plan of Pic Nics. Pure cold water Pure cold water and shady seats shady seats will be provided. The Rev. Caleb Stetson of Medford, Dr. Walter Channing of Boston, John M. Spear of Boston, and other distinguished friends of the cause, will be present. The Rev. Caleb Stetson of Medford, Dr. Walter Channing of Boston, John M. Spear of Boston, and other distinguished friends of the cause, will be present. Per order of committee of arrangements: Per order of committee of arrangements: E. HUNT, Chairman. E. HUNT, Chairman Chairman . 

 We copy with great pleasure the following communications from the Courier. We copy with great pleasure the following communications from the Courier.  TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER: TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER: A correspondent in your paper of the 22d inst., over the signature of S.W., in noticing the spirit-stirring lines of J.R.L. upon the recent attempt of some seventy slaves to emancipate themselves, by fleeing from Maryland, depreciates the idea which he understands to be avowed in those lines, of 'hostility to the Constitution of the United States.' A correspondent in your paper of the 22d inst., over the signature of S.W., in noticing the spirit-stirring lines of J.R.L. upon the recent attempt of some seventy slaves to emancipate themselves, by fleeing from Maryland, depreciates the idea which he understands to be avowed in those lines, of 'hostility to the Constitution of the United States.' Supposing neither your correspondent, from the tenor of his remarks, nor the public generally, are familiar with the reasons which obtain with those who advocate disunion, I will, if you will allow me small space, endeavor to show why we have embraced so unpopular a measure. Supposing neither your correspondent, from the tenor of his remarks, nor the public generally, are familiar with the reasons which obtain with those who advocate disunion, I will, if you will allow me small space, endeavor to show why we have embraced so unpopular a measure. I have no quarrel with the constitution, nor do I suppose those who have chosen the motto of 'no union with slaveholders,' have any objections to it, save and except the guarantee it gives, and the protection it grants, to that most iniquitous and impolitic system of Southern slavery. I have no quarrel with the constitution, nor do I suppose those who have chosen the motto of 'no union with slaveholders,' have any objections to it, save and except the guarantee it gives, and the protection it grants, to that most iniquitous and impolitic system of Southern slavery. Strike out the three-fifths basis of representation, the clause which provides for the delivery of fugitive slaves, and that which requires Northern freemen to aid in suppressing servile insurrections, and we ask no other alterations, to suit it to the meridian of the free States. Strike out the three-fifths basis of representation, the clause which provides for the delivery of fugitive slaves, and that which requires Northern freemen to aid in suppressing servile insurrections, and we ask no other alterations, to suit it to the meridian of the free States. These compromising clauses of the Constitution, intended by its framers and the people who adopted it to secure and perpetuate slavery, have compromised and destroyed its otherwise free principles, and laid the government of this Union practically at the feet of slaveholders, from the day of its adoption to the present hour; and now the slaveholding power is triumphant over the Constitution itself, by the admission of Texas into 'our glorious Union,' for the especial purpose of making assurance doubly sure, for the perpetuity of slavery. These compromising clauses of the Constitution, intended by its framers and the people who adopted it to secure and perpetuate slavery, have compromised and destroyed its otherwise free principles, and laid the government of this Union practically at the feet of slaveholders, from the day of its adoption to the present hour; and now the slaveholding power is triumphant over the Constitution itself, by the admission of Texas into ' our glorious Union our glorious Union ,' for the especial purpose of making assurance doubly sure, for the perpetuity of slavery. The preamble of the Constitution declares the pure motives for its establishment as a form of government to be, 'to establish justice and secure liberty;' and some of its clauses, as we have seen, guard and protect the grossest form of injustice, and the security of slavery— thus blowing hot and cold with the same mouth, and vainly attempting to reconcile antagonisms utterly irreconcilable. Liberty and slavery— the poles and the equator fixed in the same latitude— wonderful contrivance. The preamble of the Constitution declares the pure motives for its establishment as a form of government to be, 'to establish justice and secure liberty;' and some of its clauses, as we have seen, guard and protect the grossest form of injustice injustice , and the security of slavery slavery — thus blowing hot and cold with the same mouth, and vainly attempting to reconcile antagonisms utterly irreconcilable. Liberty and slavery— the poles and the equator fixed in the same latitude— wonderful contrivance. The moral and physical power of the whole people of the Union are, by the Constitution, pledged to sustain slavery, by the power thereby given to the general government, to compel the militia of the whole Union to combat the slaves, who, in their misery, or madness, may 'strike for liberty and their inalienable rights.' The moral and physical power of the whole people of the Union are, by the Constitution, pledged to sustain slavery, by the power thereby given to the general government, to compel the militia of the whole Union to combat the slaves, who, in their misery, or madness, may 'strike for liberty and their inalienable rights.' And again, should some successful fugitive reach the free States, the long arm of the Constitution reaches, and thrus's him back again into hopeless bondage. In these two provisions, (the insurrectionary and fugitive clauses,) the Constitution obliges the free citizens of the North, and the disciple of Christ, to give the practical lie to all their principles of freedom, and all their professions of Christianity. And again, should some successful fugitive reach the free States, the long arm of the Constitution reaches, and thrus's him back again into hopeless bondage. In these two provisions, (the insurrectionary and fugitive clauses,) the Constitution obliges the free citizens of the North, and the disciple of Christ, to give the practical lie to all their principles of freedom, and all their professions of Christianity. It is this impressment of the Northern conscience (so far as the North has any conscience) to do the Devil's work, that constrains us to withdraw our fealty from the Constitution, and urge dissolution. It is this impressment of the Northern conscience (so far as the North has any conscience) to do the Devil's work, that constrains us to withdraw our fealty from the Constitution, and urge dissolution. We cannot consent to be placed by the laws even of our own land, in the position of participus criminis against our natural right, the law of God, and our own honest convictions. Slavery must look elsewhere for her body-guard and her Janisaries to protect her, than to us, Constitution or no Constitution. We cannot consent to be placed by the laws even of our own land, in the position of participus criminis participus criminis against our natural right, the law of God, and our own honest convictions. Slavery must look elsewhere for her body-guard and her Janisaries to protect her, than to us, Constitution or no Constitution. Your correspondent promises to show that the dissolution of the Union would do nothing towards abolishing slavery. Perhaps not. But it would destroy the legal necessity that by it is laid upon us to sustain slavery. We are not accountable for the existence of slavery, unless we render it aid and comfort; and to do this is an accountability I am in no wise disposed to assume, or have thrust upon me against my will. Your correspondent promises to show that the dissolution of the Union would do nothing towards abolishing slavery. Perhaps not. But it would destroy the legal necessity that by it is laid upon us to sustain slavery. We are not accountable for the existence of slavery, unless we render it aid and comfort; and to do this is an accountability I am in no wise disposed to assume, or have thrust upon me against my will. E.J. E.J. 

 Arrangements have been made for a suitable commemoration of this day in Leicester. The occasion, it is hoped, will embrace all who love Freedom truly, and are ready to contend for the overthrow of Slavery. The celebration will be divested, it is confidently believed, of any political party aspect. Arrangements have been made for a suitable commemoration of this day in Leicester. The occasion, it is hoped, will embrace all who love Freedom truly, and are ready to contend for the overthrow of Slavery. The celebration will be divested, it is confidently believed, of any political party aspect. Wendell Phillips, Adin Ballou, and others, have engaged to be present, to instruct and cheer us by their eloquence and example, in laboring for the despised and outraged slave. Wendell Phillips, Adin Ballou, and others, have engaged to be present, to instruct and cheer us by their eloquence and example, in laboring for the despised and outraged slave. A plain Pic Nic entertainment will be provided for those who come from other towns, to include also as many others as circumstances and means will permit. A plain Pic Nic entertainment will be provided for those who come from other towns, to include also as many others as circumstances and means will permit. We accordingly do invite the abolitionists of Worcester County South Division, and the citizens of the neighboring towns generally, to come and participate with us in commemorating a day sacred to Freedom. Clergymen of every denomination are invited to attend. Come from every town, friends, and impart and receive new zeal and courage in the holy cause of Truth, Justice, and Liberty. We accordingly do invite the abolitionists of Worcester County South Division, and the citizens of the neighboring towns generally, to come and participate with us in commemorating a day sacred to Freedom. Clergymen of every denomination are invited to attend. Come from every town, friends, and impart and receive new zeal and courage in the holy cause of Truth, Justice, and Liberty. The meeting will assemble at 11 o'clock, A.M., of Friday, August the 1st, in the Second Congregational meeting-house. The meeting will assemble at 11 o'clock, A.M., of Friday, August the 1st, in the Second Congregational meeting-house. In behalf of those interested: In behalf of those interested: SAMUEL MAY. SAMUEL MAY. Leicester, July 22, 1845. Leicester, July 22, 1845. 

 TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER: TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER: SIR— It is rightly said that 'one of the most complicated problems of ethics is, to reconcile the two relations of citizenship and manhood.' But it is not rightly said— 'in our country, and now, it is not only possible but simple;' nor can we admit as true the declaration that 'not slavery, not political corruption, not the whole host of evils which beset us, can make treason to the Union an element of republican manhood.' SIR— It is rightly said that 'one of the most complicated problems of ethics is, to reconcile the two relations of citizenship and manhood.' But it is not rightly said— 'in our country, and now, it is not only possible but simple;' nor can we admit as true the declaration that 'not slavery, not political corruption, not the whole host of evils which beset us, can make treason to the Union an element of republican manhood.' 'Webster,' we are told, 'thunders out against African Slavery as the greatest of evils, moral and political'— and at the same time 'the Constitution is his very breath of life.' It is so long since Webster's thunders against slavery have died away, and been succeeded by billing and cooing with slaveholders, 'in face of Virginia's October sun,' for political preferment and distinction for himself and party, and we have quite forgotten he ever launched them from Plymouth Rock; and it is all too recent in our recollection that, as Secretary of State, he labored earnestly and eloquently with the British Court, to deliver to us those fugitives from our peculiar institution, whose own right arms burst their shackles and struck for liberty, stigmatizing Washington Madison and his comrades as 'mutineers and murderers,' to attach much weight to his authority as a consistent advocate of human freedom, or a respectable guide in Constitutional ethics. The same voice that stirs the depths of New-England's sympathy and New-England's manhood, when discoursing from Bunker's height to-day on the deeds of our fathers, and their high resolves for human rights, will, to-morrow, from the bureau at Washington, send forth a profound plea for the RIGHTS of slaveholders.* 'Webster,' we are told, 'thunders out against African Slavery as the greatest of evils, moral and political'— and at the same time 'the Constitution is his very breath of life.' It is so long since Webster's thunders against slavery have died away, and been succeeded by billing and cooing with slaveholders, 'in face of Virginia's October sun,' for political preferment and distinction for himself and party, and we have quite forgotten he ever launched them from Plymouth Rock; and it is all too recent in our recollection that, as Secretary of State, he labored earnestly and eloquently with the British Court, to deliver to us those fugitives from our peculiar institution, whose own right arms burst their shackles and struck for liberty, stigmatizing Washington Madison and his comrades as 'mutineers and murderers,' to attach much weight to his authority as a consistent advocate of human freedom, or a respectable guide in Constitutional ethics. The same voice that stirs the depths of New-England's sympathy and New-England's manhood, when discoursing from Bunker's height to-day on the deeds of our fathers, and their high resolves for human rights, will, to-morrow, from the bureau at Washington, send forth a profound plea for the RIGHTS of slaveholders.* Alas! for American consistency and American manhood! 'Cursed be slavery!' It poisons with its baleful breath the greatest among us, and renders the whole mass callous to the grossest contradictions and moral obliquity. No attempt is made to reconcile or excuse the absurdity. On the one hand, slavery is distinctly and truly characterized; and on the other, loyalty to a Constitution which legalizes this 'greatest of evils, moral and political,' is proclaimed to be the sacred duty of the citizen. Alas! for American consistency and American manhood! 'Cursed be slavery!' It poisons with its baleful breath the greatest among us, and renders the whole mass callous to the grossest contradictions and moral obliquity. No attempt is made to reconcile or excuse the absurdity. On the one hand, slavery is distinctly and truly characterized; and on the other, loyalty to a Constitution which legalizes this 'greatest of evils, moral and political,' is proclaimed to be the sacred duty of the citizen. The Constitution has provided for slavery all the aid necessary to sustain and perpetuate it. It has done that, which, until its adoption, was never before done for African slavery. It took it out of its former position of municipal law and local life adopted it as a national institution, spread around it the broad and sufficient shield of national law, and thus gave to it national existence. It is necessary to its existence that it should be united to a free country, and sustained by similar constitutional guarantees and legislation, that have upheld it to this day with us, and in the colonial possessions of the European powers. In law and in morals, nothing can be more clearly established, than that an accessory to a criminal act is as certainly guilty as the principal. This is the unanimous opinion and rule of action of all men and of all times. Hence it follows, in forming the Union and adopting the Constitution, the citizen of the non-slaveholding State is as truly responsible, in this matter of slavery, as the citizen of the slaveholding State. The Constitution has provided for slavery all the aid necessary to sustain and perpetuate it. It has done that, which, until its adoption, was never before done for African slavery. It took it out of its former position of municipal law and local life adopted it as a national institution, spread around it the broad and sufficient shield of national law, and thus gave to it national existence. It is necessary to its existence that it should be united to a free country, and sustained by similar constitutional guarantees and legislation, that have upheld it to this day with us, and in the colonial possessions of the European powers. In law and in morals, nothing can be more clearly established, than that an accessory to a criminal act is as certainly guilty as the principal. This is the unanimous opinion and rule of action of all men and of all times. Hence it follows, in forming the Union and adopting the Constitution, the citizen of the non-slaveholding State is as truly responsible, in this matter of slavery, as the citizen of the slaveholding State. But it is urged that the 'dissolution of the Union will neither destroy nor weaken slavery, but the reverse.' This is a bold assertion, without the support of a reasonable probability. The free States are, by the Constitution, formed into a cordon around the slave States, and made as guards to the system. As the policy of our government is shaped, and must be, so long as we continue in union with the slave States, the free States must do much more than guard the frontiers of slavery, and prevent the escape of its victims, They must furnish the blood and treasure required to root out the independent Indian communities from our borders, because those communities are as cities of refuge to the southern bondman. This process must go on, and independent, non-slaveholding Mexico is doomed to have province after province filched from her, by threats, or arms, or money, to feed the insatiable maw of slavery, and the blood and money for these purposes must be furnished almost wholly by the North. How long could Virginia retain her half a million of slaves, were she bounded by Canada, instead of Pennsylvania and Ohio? Withdraw the pledge to sustain slavery imposed by the Constitution on all the free States, and Virginia, and Maryland, and Kentucky, would soon be compelled to emancipate or lose every black laborer within their bounds, and would thus become the frontier free States, to operate in the same way upon North Carolina, and other frontier slave States. In this way will emancipation succeed slavery, when the free States shall temperately, but firmly, refuse their vital aid to sustain a system that is draining the life-blood of the States in which it exists, and poisoning the current through every artery and vein of the whole body politic. But it is urged that the 'dissolution of the Union will neither destroy nor weaken slavery, but the reverse.' This is a bold assertion, without the support of a reasonable probability. The free States are, by the Constitution, formed into a cordon around the slave States, and made as guards to the system. As the policy of our government is shaped, and must be, so long as we continue in union with the slave States, the free States must do much more than guard the frontiers of slavery, and prevent the escape of its victims, They must furnish the blood and treasure required to root out the independent Indian communities from our borders, because those communities are as cities of refuge to the southern bondman. This process must go on, and independent, non-slaveholding Mexico is doomed to have province after province filched from her, by threats, or arms, or money, to feed the insatiable maw of slavery, and the blood and money for these purposes must be furnished almost wholly by the North. How long could Virginia retain her half a million of slaves, were she bounded by Canada, instead of Pennsylvania and Ohio? Withdraw the pledge to sustain slavery imposed by the Constitution on all the free States, and Virginia, and Maryland, and Kentucky, would soon be compelled to emancipate or lose every black laborer within their bounds, and would thus become the frontier free States, to operate in the same way upon North Carolina, and other frontier slave States. In this way will emancipation succeed slavery, when the free States shall temperately, but firmly, refuse their vital aid to sustain a system that is draining the life-blood of the States in which it exists, and poisoning the current through every artery and vein of the whole body politic. We are told that 'free speech, a free press, and a free pulpit, are each levers of reform, strong enough to heave the bulkiest empire on the globe from its foundations— and they are ours.' 'Our free press and free pulpit,' if not 'numbered in the receptacle of things lost to earth,' are yet things unknown to us. Alas, for the stupidity or knavery, whichever it may be, that trumpets forth a sectarian pulpit, and a partisan press, as free! As well might the slaveholder tell his victim, that the iron chains which restrain his freedom, and subject him to the will of another, are silver ornaments, especially designed to decorate his person, and for no other purpose! The sectarian pulpits, (the only pulpits this land can boast,) and the partisan presses, have done much to unchristianize and corrupt the public mind, and very little to purify and elevate it; and the idea of their being lovers of reform, is too ridiculous an assertion to emanate from any other source than profound ignorance of their condition and character. Their primary object is to increase the numbers of their sect and party, to shout their shibboleth, and advance the temporal interests of the order, and the party. The labor of reform, of purifying and elevating the mass, is considered by them, to use our appropriate vernacular, as an investment that won't pay— a wild speculation. We are told that 'free speech, a free press, and a free pulpit, are each levers of reform, strong enough to heave the bulkiest empire on the globe from its foundations— and they are ours.' 'Our free press and free pulpit,' if not 'numbered in the receptacle of things lost to earth,' are yet things unknown to us. Alas, for the stupidity or knavery, whichever it may be, that trumpets forth a sectarian pulpit, and a partisan press, as free! As well might the slaveholder tell his victim, that the iron chains which restrain his freedom, and subject him to the will of another, are silver ornaments, especially designed to decorate his person, and for no other purpose! The sectarian pulpits, (the only pulpits this land can boast,) and the partisan presses, have done much to unchristianize and corrupt the public mind, and very little to purify and elevate it; and the idea of their being lovers of reform, is too ridiculous an assertion to emanate from any other source than profound ignorance of their condition and character. Their primary object is to increase the numbers of their sect and party, to shout their shibboleth, and advance the temporal interests of the order, and the party. The labor of reform, of purifying and elevating the mass, is considered by them, to use our appropriate vernacular, as an investment that won't pay— a wild speculation. We do not say that the wealth of our community has caused the pulpit and the press to betray their trust; but we do say that the universal love of wealth and inordinate selfishness have brought both under complete subjection to their influences, and rendered them singularly docile and obedient to their slightest dictation. We do not say that the wealth of our community has caused the pulpit and the press to betray their trust; but we do say that the universal love of wealth and inordinate selfishness have brought both under complete subjection to their influences, and rendered them singularly docile and obedient to their slightest dictation. If we have no other agents than these to operate against slavery, the institution may be safely placed below the lowest class of risks, and be insured to stand till doomsday at a nominal premium. The tradesman, who welcomes the customer to his counter, is not more desirous of pleasing, or more chary to offend prejudices or opinions, than the priest who is scheming to build up his church and win souls to his sect, or the newspaper publisher in swelling his subscription list, and drumming recruits into his party ranks. If we have no other agents than these to operate against slavery, the institution may be safely placed below the lowest class of risks, and be insured to stand till doomsday at a nominal premium. The tradesman, who welcomes the customer to his counter, is not more desirous of pleasing, or more chary to offend prejudices or opinions, than the priest who is scheming to build up his church and win souls to his sect, or the newspaper publisher in swelling his subscription list, and drumming recruits into his party ranks. We are treated ever with the appalling evils which are confidently predicted will follow dissolution. 'Our flag is to be folded forever,' and 'borne sadly in the funeral procession of the great American republic.' 'We shall have changed law for anarchy,' 'society would be resolved into its original elements,' and we must suppose that the most quiet and intelligent country town in New-England would not, in the event of dissolution, have sufficient perspicacity and patriotism left, to set about choosing selectmen and overseers of the poor. Pray, what are the slaveholding States, and what the non slaveholding, that the former should, in their relative positions towards the latter, realize Napoleon's threat to Europe? In wealth, in intelligence, in every element of power, there is no comparison to be made between the South and the North. It should be so in manhood and morals. We are treated ever with the appalling evils which are confidently predicted will follow dissolution. 'Our flag is to be folded forever,' and 'borne sadly in the funeral procession of the great American republic.' 'We shall have changed law for anarchy,' 'society would be resolved into its original elements,' and we must suppose that the most quiet and intelligent country town in New-England would not, in the event of dissolution, have sufficient perspicacity and patriotism left, to set about choosing selectmen and overseers of the poor. Pray, what are the slaveholding States, and what the non slaveholding, that the former should, in their relative positions towards the latter, realize Napoleon's threat to Europe? In wealth, in intelligence, in every element of power, there is no comparison to be made between the South and the North. It should be so in manhood and morals. We lay no claims to the gift to prophecy, but have some faith in the declaration, that 'righteousness exalteth a nation, and that justice is gain.' We lay no claims to the gift to prophecy, but have some faith in the declaration, that 'righteousness exalteth a nation, and that justice is gain.' But, while others revel in descriptions of gorgons' heads and chimeras dire, that are to torment and destroy us, if we cut loose from slavery and dare to be men, let common sense and common observation reveal the future, if we continue to hug this torpedo to our bosom, until its explosion tears our vitals and rends the Union into bloody fragments. Let no fool-hardy and vain-glorious feeling lead us, to undervalue this danger. In the nature of things, and in accordance with nature's unvarying law of cause and effect, this event will overtake us, unless averted by emancipation. The peals of the liberty bell which have proclaimed freedom to the West India slaves, have reached our land, and the vibrating tones have fallen upon the ear of many a slave, and filled his soul with eager attention. But, while others revel in descriptions of gorgons' heads and chimeras dire, that are to torment and destroy us, if we cut loose from slavery and dare to be men, let common sense and common observation reveal the future, if we continue to hug this torpedo to our bosom, until its explosion tears our vitals and rends the Union into bloody fragments. Let no fool-hardy and vain-glorious feeling lead us, to undervalue this danger. In the nature of things, and in accordance with nature's unvarying law of cause and effect, this event will will overtake us, unless averted by emancipation. The peals of the liberty bell which have proclaimed freedom to the West India slaves, have reached our land, and the vibrating tones have fallen upon the ear of many a slave, and filled his soul with eager attention. But let our past history show forth our future. We shall see slavery, like the locusts of Egypt, eating every green thing in the old slave States, leaving dearth and desolation in its track, as we have already seen it, and to a considerable extent, in some of them. But let our past history show forth our future. We shall see slavery, like the locusts of Egypt, eating every green thing in the old slave States, leaving dearth and desolation in its track, as we have already seen it, and to a considerable extent, in some of them. We shall see it stretching out its lean arms, and seizing province after province from the Mexicans, and south-western Indians, as we have already seen it do in Florida and Texas, and crying out to the North, 'give, give,' of your blood and money, to foot the cost of bullying, and fighting, and paying, and take your full share of the burning disgrace, 'the deep damnation' of these transactions. We shall see it stretching out its lean arms, and seizing province after province from the Mexicans, and south-western Indians, as we have already seen it do in Florida and Texas, and crying out to the North, 'give, give,' of your blood and money, to foot the cost of bullying, and fighting, and paying, and take your full share of the burning disgrace, 'the deep damnation' of these transactions. We shall see, as who among us has not, and bowed his head for very shame, we shall continue to see the diplomatic representations of this great and wide stretching republic, which invites the oppressed of all Europe to take refuge from monarchy and social misery within its ample borders— we shall, I say, see our Websters, and our Everetts, as well as the Stevensons and Casses, with whom such degrading diplomacy is in character, we shall see them all cringing before European monarchs and autocrats, begging them to deliver us the fugitive bondmen, who, having successfully vindicated their manhood, have reached an asylum of personal freedom under the old monarchies, that was denied them in our young republic, and withheld from them by our vaunted Constitution. We shall see, as who among us has not, and bowed his head for very shame, we shall continue to see the diplomatic representations of this great and wide stretching republic, which invites the oppressed of all Europe to take refuge from monarchy and social misery within its ample borders— we shall, I say, see our Websters, and our Everetts, as well as the Stevensons and Casses, with whom such degrading diplomacy is in character, we shall see them all cringing before European monarchs and autocrats, begging them to deliver us the fugitive bondmen, who, having successfully vindicated their manhood, have reached an asylum of personal freedom under the old monarchies, that was denied them in our young republic, and withheld from them by our vaunted Constitution. We shall continue to see, as now, the American navy ready to fight the battles of slavery, and convoying the slave-trade as a legal business on the western shore of the Atlantic, and making a show of hostility to the trade on the eastern shore of the same sea, and its gallant flag, by a strange anomaly, waving in peaceful protection over the former, and in hostility towards the latter of these kindred pursuits. We shall see the slave domination of this Union firmly seated and established, ruling with a capricious sway, by means of our senseless party divisions, and distributions of the spoils, as they do now; and shaping the destiny of this great republic to its own selfish purposes— filling the executive chair and the supreme bench of justice with its sworn tools, grasping the offices of emolument and power, thrusting their spendthrift hands into the treasury, and bullying the dough-faced politicians of the North into all their measures. Finally, and worst of all, we shall see the fruit of that state of public morals and private apathy, which the last few years of our history have given promise in the bud, This system of slavery cannot be otherwise than destructive to public worth and injurious to individual morals, if we continue to legalize and retain in our body corporate such a gross violation of all the principles of justice, and all the precepts of Christianity. We shall continue to see, as now, the American navy ready to fight the battles of slavery, and convoying the slave-trade as a legal business on the western shore of the Atlantic, and making a show of hostility to the trade on the eastern shore of the same sea, and its gallant flag, by a strange anomaly, waving in peaceful protection over the former, and in hostility towards the latter of these kindred pursuits. We shall see the slave domination of this Union firmly seated and established, ruling with a capricious sway, by means of our senseless party divisions, and distributions of the spoils, as they do now; and shaping the destiny of this great republic to its own selfish purposes— filling the executive chair and the supreme bench of justice with its sworn tools, grasping the offices of emolument and power, thrusting their spendthrift hands into the treasury, and bullying the dough-faced politicians of the North into all their measures. Finally, and worst of all, we shall see the fruit of that state of public morals and private apathy, which the last few years of our history have given promise in the bud, This system of slavery cannot be otherwise than destructive to public worth and injurious to individual morals, if we continue to legalize and retain in our body corporate such a gross violation of all the principles of justice, and all the precepts of Christianity. Is this a fancy sketch— the dream of distempered croaker? Judge ye, men of common sense and common acquaintance with the history of our Union. In this state of things, where is the treason of 'calculating the value of the Union'? And when we find, as we do find, it can only be sustained by the prostitution of freedom to the will of slavery; by the total sacrifice of public character and private honor; which is the patriot, and which the traitor, he who would sever the bonds that bind us to this political and moral juggernaut, or he who would bind us yet tighter to our degradation? And which is the true man, he who scorns to do, in his associated capacity as a citizen, that which, as an individual, he would blush to do, or he who, in his civic capacity, thinks to father upon the Constitution and laws of the land, moral and political responsibilities he would tremble to assume as an individual? Is this a fancy sketch— the dream of distempered croaker? Judge ye, men of common sense and common acquaintance with the history of our Union. In this state of things, where is the treason of 'calculating the value of the Union'? And when we find, as we do find, it can only be sustained by the prostitution of freedom to the will of slavery; by the total sacrifice of public character and private honor; which is the patriot, and which the traitor, he who would sever the bonds that bind us to this political and moral juggernaut, or he who would bind us yet tighter to our degradation? And which is the true man, he who scorns to do, in his associated capacity as a citizen, that which, as an individual, he would blush to do, or he who, in his civic capacity, thinks to father upon the Constitution and laws of the land, moral and political responsibilities he would tremble to assume as an individual? E.J. E.J. * This paragraph relating to Mr. Webster, was not permitted to appear in the Courier. In a few other particulars, this essay has been altered by its author since its publication in the Courier.— ELIB., * This paragraph relating to Mr. Webster, was not permitted to appear in the Courier. In a few other particulars, this essay has been altered by its author since its publication in the Courier.— ELIB., 

 The members and friends of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society and the public generally in Plymouth County, will celebrate the anniversary of Emancipation in the British West Indies, by a Pic-Nic in Duxbury. The members and friends of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society and the public generally in Plymouth County, will celebrate the anniversary of Emancipation in the British West Indies, by a Pic-Nic in Duxbury. The friends will assemble at the Town Hall, where a Procession will be formed, and proceed with a band of music to Union Grove, (a short distance,) at precisely 10 o'clock. The friends will assemble at the Town Hall, where a Procession will be formed, and proceed with a band of music to Union Grove, (a short distance,) at precisely 10 o'clock. The venerable Seth Sprague has consented to preside on the occasion, assisted by Micah H. Poole of Abington, Elmer Hewitt of Hanson, and Bourne Spooner of Plymouth, as Vice-Presidents. The venerable Seth Sprague has consented to preside on the occasion, assisted by Micah H. Poole of Abington, Elmer Hewitt of Hanson, and Bourne Spooner of Plymouth, as Vice-Presidents. The meeting will be addressed by Rev. Mr. Russell of Hingham, Rev. Messrs, Tomlinson and Briggs of Plymouth, Hon. G.B. Weston and Hon. Seth Sprague, Jr. of Duxbury, Increase S. Smith of Dorchester, William M. Chace of Boston, N.H. Whiting of Hanson, and other eloquent and zealous advocates of the cause. The meeting will be favored with select anti-slavery music from Hingham. All who may be present are particularly requested to join the procession, as the distance is very short from the hall to the grove. The meeting will be addressed by Rev. Mr. Russell of Hingham, Rev. Messrs, Tomlinson and Briggs of Plymouth, Hon. G.B. Weston and Hon. Seth Sprague, Jr. of Duxbury, Increase S. Smith of Dorchester, William M. Chace of Boston, N.H. Whiting of Hanson, and other eloquent and zealous advocates of the cause. The meeting will be favored with select anti-slavery music from Hingham. All who may be present are particularly requested to join the procession, as the distance is very short from the hall to the grove. Any number of horses can be provided for near the Hall, for 25 cents each. Any number of horses can be provided for near the Hall, for 25 cents each. It would be pleasant to see an anti-slavery banner waving at the head of a large delegation from every town in the county. It would be pleasant to see an anti-slavery banner waving at the head of a large delegation from every town in the county. It is contemplated that each individual or social party shall provide their own refreshments, on the original plan of Pie Nics. Pure and cold water will be plentifully supplied. It is contemplated that each individual or social party shall provide their own refreshments, on the original plan of Pie Nics. Pure and cold water will be plentifully supplied. E.Y. PERRY, Marshal. E.Y. PERRY, Marshal. Marshal. 

 At Port Tobasco, Charles County, Md. a large meeting of citizens was held on Friday last to consider what measures were most likely to put a stop to the elopement of their slaves, the recent gang arrested in Montgomery County, being owned in that vicinity. A preamble and series of resolutions were adopted, recommending the appointment of an additional police, and the watchful care of their masters. Votes of thanks were tendered to the citizens of Rockville for their promptness and energy, and all free negroes were notified that their presence would not be tolerated within the limits of the county after the first of December next— the meeting pledging itself to purchase all their property at fair prices. Ministers of the Gospel are hereafter positively prohibited from holding night meetings, for the attendance of slaves, who are not to be allowed to leave their quarters after dark, on any account without a pass from their masters. Religious instruction during the day is not prohibited, provided one or more of their masters should be present; and the employment of free negroes at the fishing landings hereafter will not be allowed. Funds were raised to secure the enforcement of these resolves, and the meeting empowered the President to call them together again at any time that he may deem such a course necessary. A committee was also appointed to endeavor to procure from the Legislature additional legislation for the protection of their property and civil rights. At Port Tobasco, Charles County, Md. a large meeting of citizens was held on Friday last to consider what measures were most likely to put a stop to the elopement of their slaves, the recent gang arrested in Montgomery County, being owned in that vicinity. A preamble and series of resolutions were adopted, recommending the appointment of an additional police, and the watchful care of their masters. Votes of thanks were tendered to the citizens of Rockville for their promptness and energy, and all free negroes were notified that their presence would not be tolerated within the limits of the county after the first of December next— the meeting pledging itself to purchase all their property at fair prices. Ministers of the Gospel are hereafter positively prohibited from holding night meetings, for the attendance of slaves, who are not to be allowed to leave their quarters after dark, on any account without a pass from their masters. Religious instruction during the day is not prohibited, provided one or more of their masters should be present; and the employment of free negroes at the fishing landings hereafter will not be allowed. Funds were raised to secure the enforcement of these resolves, and the meeting empowered the President to call them together again at any time that he may deem such a course necessary. A committee was also appointed to endeavor to procure from the Legislature additional legislation for the protection of their property and civil rights. The following is an official account of these dastardly and diabolical proceedings: The following is an official account of these dastardly and diabolical proceedings: A very large meeting of the citizens of Charles county, Maryland, was held at the court-house in Port Tobacco, on Tuesday last, the 15th inst., agreeably to public notice, 'to deliberate on matters vitally affecting their interests,' when Gen. Jno. Matthews was called to the chair, and Capt. Robt. Grey and Francis H. Digges appointed secretaries. On motion of Walter Mitchell, Esq., it was A very large meeting of the citizens of Charles county, Maryland, was held at the court-house in Port Tobacco, on Tuesday last, the 15th inst., agreeably to public notice, 'to deliberate on matters vitally affecting their interests,' when Gen. Jno. Matthews was called to the chair, and Capt. Robt. Grey and Francis H. Digges appointed secretaries. On motion of Walter Mitchell, Esq., it was Resolved, That five persons from each of the election districts of this county be appointed to form a committee to prepare resolutions, and report the same for the action of the meeting— the said committee to be appointed by the chair. Whereupon the chair appointed the following gentlemen to compose said committee: First District. William F. Rennoe, William D. Cobey, William Thompson. Second. Hugh Cox, Francis H. Digges, Peter W. Crain, George Dent, Johannes D. Starke. Third. Walter Mitchell, Sylvester F. Gardiner, Hezekiah Brawner, Jno. G. Chapman, George W. Matthews. Fourth. Josiah Hawkins, Edward H. Gardner, Robert L. Burch. Resolved, That five persons from each of the election districts of this county be appointed to form a committee to prepare resolutions, and report the same for the action of the meeting— the said committee to be appointed by the chair. Whereupon the chair appointed the following gentlemen to compose said committee: First District First District . William F. Rennoe, William D. Cobey, William Thompson. Second Second . Hugh Cox, Francis H. Digges, Peter W. Crain, George Dent, Johannes D. Starke. Third Third . Walter Mitchell, Sylvester F. Gardiner, Hezekiah Brawner, Jno. G. Chapman, George W. Matthews. Fourth Fourth . Josiah Hawkins, Edward H. Gardner, Robert L. Burch. The committee then retired for a short time. On returning, William B. Stone, Esq., chairman of the committee, reported the following preamble and resolutions, which were then severally read, and, after a few amendments, were all adopted: The committee then retired for a short time. On returning, William B. Stone, Esq., chairman of the committee, reported the following preamble and resolutions, which were then severally read, and, after a few amendments, were all adopted: We, the people of Charles County, in the State of Maryland, having watched with deep concern the tendency of the late movement of foreign Governments, and the reckless efforts of fanaticism in the Northern portion of the United States, to subvert the institutions of the State, and ruthlessly to invade the peace of our people by the sacrifice of our property at the risk of our lives, and the destruction of our constitutional rights, have, therefore, We, the people of Charles County, in the State of Maryland, having watched with deep concern the tendency of the late movement of foreign Governments, and the reckless efforts of fanaticism in the Northern portion of the United States, to subvert the institutions of the State, and ruthlessly to invade the peace of our people by the sacrifice of our property at the risk of our lives, and the destruction of our constitutional rights, have, therefore, Resolved, That recent events show the necessity of an efficient police, to be paid by the property holders, and to act under the directions of a committee of this meeting, in aid of the State authorities. Resolved, That recent events show the necessity of an efficient police, to be paid by the property holders, and to act under the directions of a committee of this meeting, in aid of the State authorities. Resolved, That eighty— twenty from each election district— be a committee to receive contributions to meet the expenses, select the police, and adjust all suitable regulations to carry the views of this meeting into effect. Resolved, That eighty— twenty from each election district— be a committee to receive contributions to meet the expenses, select the police, and adjust all suitable regulations to carry the views of this meeting into effect. Resolved, That the citizens of this county are indebted to the activity and patriotism of a portion of the people of Montgomery county, for the re-capture of a large number of their absconding slaves. Resolved, That the citizens of this county are indebted to the activity and patriotism of a portion of the people of Montgomery county, for the re-capture of a large number of their absconding slaves. Resolved, That the existence of a free black population amongst us is an evil, that is getting past endurance, and that the judges of our Orphans' Court be respectfully requested to grant no further permission to any to remain in this county, and that self-protection imperatively demands that we should take active and effective means to rid ourselves of this great and growing evil; and that, despairing of legislative aid on this subject, this meeting deem it due to their interests, to the safety of themselves, families and property, that this population should be put beyond the bounds of the State, and that the free people of color be notified that their presence amongst us will not be tolerated beyond the first of December next; and we pledge ourselves to purchase at a fair price, all property that they may be possessed of at that time, and cannot conveniently remove. Resolved, That the existence of a free black population amongst us is an evil, that is getting past endurance, and that the judges of our Orphans' Court be respectfully requested to grant no further permission to any to remain in this county, and that self-protection imperatively demands that we should take active and effective means to rid ourselves of this great and growing evil; and that, despairing of legislative aid on this subject, this meeting deem it due to their interests, to the safety of themselves, families and property, that this population should be put beyond the bounds of the State, and that the free people of color be notified that their presence amongst us will not be tolerated beyond the first of December next; and we pledge ourselves to purchase at a fair price, all property that they may be possessed of at that time, and cannot conveniently remove. Resolved, That it is the duty of all citizens of this county, as far as possible, to keep their slaves upon their own farms, and that the constables of the county, and all others, be requested, and are hereby authorized, to punish all such as may found from their homes in the night time, and on Sunday and holidays, without written permission from their masters, owners, &c. Resolved, That it is the duty of all citizens of this county, as far as possible, to keep their slaves upon their own farms, and that the constables of the county, and all others, be requested, and are hereby authorized, to punish all such as may found from their homes in the night time, and on Sunday and holidays, without written permission from their masters, owners, &c. Resolved, That the citizens of this county consider all meetings for any purpose, particularly for the purpose of religious worship, in which the slaves are not under the open and full view of their masters and others in the day-time, ought, and must be abolished: and that all persons, especially preachers of the gospel, are respectfully, but firmly admonished, that it is against our positive orders that our slaves, or any of them, should go to night meetings, or any meeting where the negroes are separated from their owners, and not under their owners' eyes; and we will take such steps as will, if necessary, forcibly arrest the evil. Resolved, That the citizens of this county consider all meetings for any purpose, particularly for the purpose of religious worship, in which the slaves are not under the open and full view of their masters and others in the day-time, ought, and must be abolished: and that all persons, especially preachers of the gospel, are respectfully, but firmly admonished, that it is against our positive orders that our slaves, or any of them, should go to night meetings, or any meeting where the negroes are separated from their owners, and not under their owners' eyes; and we will take such steps as will, if necessary, forcibly arrest the evil. Resolved, That the citizens of this county, and particularly this meeting, pledge themselves to pay a suitable reward in addition to what is now given by law, for every slave absconding who may have passed the limits of the county, and who may be taken up and secured to the owner. Resolved, That the citizens of this county, and particularly this meeting, pledge themselves to pay a suitable reward in addition to what is now given by law, for every slave absconding who may have passed the limits of the county, and who may be taken up and secured to the owner. Resolved, That we deem it proper and necessary to prevent the trading and dealing with our slaves, and request all persons to forbear dealing with our slaves, without a written permission, and constables and others to carry the law relative to negroes into full force and effect. Resolved, That we deem it proper and necessary to prevent the trading and dealing with our slaves, and request all persons to forbear dealing with our slaves, without a written permission, and constables and others to carry the law relative to negroes into full force and effect. Resolved, That it is necessary for the protection of our rights, that free negroes from other States and counties should not be employed at the Fisheries in this county, and that application be made to the next General Assembly to remedy this grievance. Resolved, That it is necessary for the protection of our rights, that free negroes from other States and counties should not be employed at the Fisheries in this county, and that application be made to the next General Assembly to remedy this grievance. Resolved, That one hundred copies of these resolutions be printed and circulated, and that the police and constables, and all persons, be particularly requested to give the notice to the free negroes contained in these proceedings. Resolved, That one hundred copies of these resolutions be printed and circulated, and that the police and constables, and all persons, be particularly requested to give the notice to the free negroes contained in these proceedings. On motion of Walter Mitchell, Esq., it was additionally On motion of Walter Mitchell, Esq., it was additionally Resolved, That the chairman of this meeting be authorized to call a meeting of the citizens of this county whenever he may think it proper or advisable to do so, to deliberate on matters affecting their interests. Resolved, That the chairman of this meeting be authorized to call a meeting of the citizens of this county whenever he may think it proper or advisable to do so, to deliberate on matters affecting their interests. After a resolve to publish the foregoing proceedings, the meeting adjourned. After a resolve to publish the foregoing proceedings, the meeting adjourned. JOHN MATIHEWS, Chairman. JOHN MATIHEWS, Chairman Chairman . Table  Table  

 The Friends of Freedom are invited to meet at Rodman's Grove, in Fall River, at 10 o'clock, A.M., to commemorate the emancipation of the slaves in the British West India Islands. At 1 o'clock, opportunity will be given to partake of any lunch which the friends may have brought with them, and at 4 o'clock, there will be given one of the celebrated Indian festivals, called a Clam-bake. In the evening, addresses will be given at the Bercan Temple, at which all persons interested in the cause of Human Freedom are invited to be present. Charles Lenox Remond, William A. White, and others, will address the meetings. The Friends of Freedom are invited to meet at Rodman's Grove, in Fall River, at 10 o'clock, A.M., to commemorate the emancipation of the slaves in the British West India Islands. At 1 o'clock, opportunity will be given to partake of any lunch which the friends may have brought with them, and at 4 o'clock, there will be given one of the celebrated Indian festivals, called a Clam-bake. In the evening, addresses will be given at the Bercan Temple, at which all persons interested in the cause of Human Freedom are invited to be present. Charles Lenox Remond, William A. White, and others, will address the meetings. 

 The case of Delia A. Webster is well known to our readers. She was arrested in Lexington, Kentucky, on the 30th of September last, and committed to jail, on a charge of having assisted some three or four slaves to escape from thraldom— an act of mercy worthy of all praise, if performed as alleged, but which is treated in this Christian hand as the most flagrant crime that can be committed. After remaining in prison three months before she was permitted to have a trial, she was convicted, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment in the penitentiary, in which she remained until the 24th of February, when she was pardoned by the Governor of the State. The sketch of her trial, as published in the Lexington papers, (on the accuracy of which no reliance could be placed,) produced an unfavorable impression in the public mind in relation to her character and conduct; while some letters which she wrote during her imprisonment, in praise of the chivalry and humanity of the Kentuckians, served to disgust the abolitionists, though not to lessen their indignation in view of her cruel incarceration. The case of Delia A. Webster is well known to our readers. She was arrested in Lexington, Kentucky, on the 30th of September last, and committed to jail, on a charge of having assisted some three or four slaves to escape from thraldom— an act of mercy worthy of all praise, if performed as alleged, but which is treated in this Christian hand as the most flagrant crime that can be committed. After remaining in prison three months before she was permitted to have a trial, she was convicted, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment in the penitentiary, in which she remained until the 24th of February, when she was pardoned by the Governor of the State. The sketch of her trial, as published in the Lexington papers, (on the accuracy of which no reliance could be placed,) produced an unfavorable impression in the public mind in relation to her character and conduct; while some letters which she wrote during her imprisonment, in praise of the chivalry and humanity of the Kentuckians, served to disgust the abolitionists, though not to lessen their indignation in view of her cruel incarceration. Miss Webster, on her release, immediately returned to her native place in Vermont, and has since been occupied in preparing a pamphlet, in vindication of her character. That pamphlet— occupying 84 pages, 12mo.— is now published, with the following title:— 'KENTUCKY JURISPRUDENCE— A History of the Trial of Miss Delia A. Webster, at Lexington, Kentucky, Dec. 17-21, 1844, before the Hon. Richard Buckner, on a charge of aiding Slaves to escape from that Commonwealth— with Miscellaneous Remarks, including her views on American Slavery: Written by Herself.' A careful perusal of it satisfies us,— as we presume it will every candid reader,— that she was wholly innocent of the charge brought against her; that she is any thing but 'a fanatical abolitionist'; that she was convicted on testimony of a flimsy and perjured quality; and that her imprisonment will long affix another dark stain to the many which cover the character of 'chivalric' Kentucky. Miss Webster, on her release, immediately returned to her native place in Vermont, and has since been occupied in preparing a pamphlet, in vindication of her character. That pamphlet— occupying 84 pages, 12mo.— is now published, with the following title:— 'KENTUCKY JURISPRUDENCE— A History of the Trial of Miss Delia A. Webster, at Lexington, Kentucky, Dec. 17-21, 1844, before the Hon. Richard Buckner, on a charge of aiding Slaves to escape from that Commonwealth— with Miscellaneous Remarks, including her views on American Slavery: Written by Herself.' A careful perusal of it satisfies us,— as we presume it will every candid reader,— that she was wholly innocent of the charge brought against her; that she is any thing but 'a fanatical abolitionist'; that she was convicted on testimony of a flimsy and perjured quality; and that her imprisonment will long affix another dark stain to the many which cover the character of 'chivalric' Kentucky. It will be recollected that she was arrested as an accomplice of the Rev. Calvin Fairbank, who is now doomed to many years of hard labor in the State penitentiary. He was seized at the same time Miss Webster was, without any legal warrant, and by a gang of ruffians. It was in the night. Miss W. was locked up in the 'Debtor's Room,' from the grated windows of which she could look down into the jail-yard. In the morning, she says, while absorbed in her meditations— It will be recollected that she was arrested as an accomplice of the Rev. Calvin Fairbank, who is now doomed to many years of hard labor in the State penitentiary. He was seized at the same time Miss Webster was, without any legal warrant, and by a gang of ruffians. It was in the night. Miss W. was locked up in the 'Debtor's Room,' from the grated windows of which she could look down into the jail-yard. In the morning, she says, while absorbed in her meditations— I was soon interrupted by loud execrations in the jail-yard, which drew my attention to the window; whence I saw Mr. Fairbank, surrounded by a crowd of well-dressed men, calling him a vile 'Abolitionist,' and with the same breath threatening his life. Some proposed to hang him, say no more about it, and let Miss Webster go back to her school; others objected, declaring that they ought both of them to be decapitated openly, and their heads carried throat, or blow his brains out instantly. But another rushing up to him, declared with a solemn oath, he would himself tear his heart out with a 'bowie-knife.' I looked to see him fall a mangled corpse; when he gravely but emphatically answered, 'Gentlemen, think not to frighten me with such sights. The drawing of your knives and pistols don't alarm me.' Then, throwing open his coat, and baring his breast, he continued, 'I am prepared to die. But, remember, there is a God in heaven! And if I fall a victim to your violence, that that man who sheds a drop of my blood, will lose his soul in hell.' They seemed a little daunted by these remarks, and Mr. F. enquired for Miss Webster; adding, that he wished to see her. But was answered in an uncouth manner, that his wish would not be granted.' I was soon interrupted by loud execrations in the jail-yard, which drew my attention to the window; whence I saw Mr. Fairbank, surrounded by a crowd of well-dressed men, calling him a vile 'Abolitionist,' and with the same breath threatening his life. Some proposed to hang him, say no more about it, and let Miss Webster go back to her school; others objected, declaring that they ought both of them to be decapitated openly, and their heads carried throat, or blow his brains out instantly. But another rushing up to him, declared with a solemn oath, he would himself tear his heart out with a 'bowie-knife.' I looked to see him fall a mangled corpse; when he gravely but emphatically answered, 'Gentlemen, think not to frighten me with such sights. The drawing of your knives and pistols don't alarm me.' Then, throwing open his coat, and baring his breast, he continued, 'I am prepared to die. But, remember, there is a God in heaven! And if I fall a victim to your violence, that that man who sheds a drop of my blood, will lose his soul in hell.' They seemed a little daunted by these remarks, and Mr. F. enquired for Miss Webster; adding, that he wished to see her. But was answered in an uncouth manner, that his wish would not be granted.' 'Ere long, the clanking of irons in the yard below, together with the heavy blows of a blacksmith's sledge, roused me from my mediations. It was with difficulty that I could keep myself from the window. I, however, restrained my feelings for some time, till Mr. Fairbank's moving cries for pity made me regardless of the prohibition, and I looked out. The commingling tones of pleasure and pain were truly alarming. Mr. F. was being put in irons. The hammering continued; and some seemed moved with pity, while Mr. F. was begging them not to pound so hard. 'I tell you,' said he, 'it hurts too bad! Oh, don't!! you know not how it hurts me,' &c. But many seemed to delight in his torture; and declared their wish to have Miss Webster ironed in the same manner. The process of ironing is long and tedious. After it was over, he was again placed in the dungeon, and I turned from my window with a heavy heart. I never knew till now the sufferings of a prisoner. 'Ere long, the clanking of irons in the yard below, together with the heavy blows of a blacksmith's sledge, roused me from my mediations. It was with difficulty that I could keep myself from the window. I, however, restrained my feelings for some time, till Mr. Fairbank's moving cries for pity made me regardless of the prohibition, and I looked out. The commingling tones of pleasure and pain were truly alarming. Mr. F. was being put in irons. The hammering continued; and some seemed moved with pity, while Mr. F. was begging them not to pound so hard. 'I tell you,' said he, 'it hurts too bad! Oh, don't too bad! Oh, don't !! you know not how it hurts me,' &c. But many seemed to delight in his torture; and declared their wish to have Miss Webster ironed in the same manner. The process of ironing is long and tedious. After it was over, he was again placed in the dungeon, and I turned from my window with a heavy heart. I never knew till now the sufferings of a prisoner. Let not the case of poor Fairbank be forgotten by abolitionists, or by the anti-slavery press, now that he is enclosed in prison-walls among felons. Though civilly dead, he yet speaks to all that is good and humane in the land, and his prayers are heard by the God of the oppressed, who never hears in vain the cry of the prisoner. Whether he so far took compassion on any of his enslaved brethern as to seek for them a safe and peaceful deliverance, or not, his imprisonment is a horrible outrage. If he did, he acted benevolently, if not wisely. If he did not, then he is an innocent man, even according to the southern code; and probably this is the case. Let not the case of poor Fairbank be forgotten by abolitionists, or by the anti-slavery press, now that he is enclosed in prison-walls among felons. Though civilly dead, he yet speaks to all that is good and humane in the land, and his prayers are heard by the God of the oppressed, who never hears in vain the cry of the prisoner. Whether he so far took compassion on any of his enslaved brethern as to seek for them a safe and peaceful deliverance, or not, his imprisonment is a horrible outrage. If he did, he acted benevolently, if not wisely. If he did not, then he is an innocent man, even according to the southern code; and probably this is the case. Fortunately for her, Miss Webster was not lodged in any of the cells in the penitentiary, but was permitted to be the sole tenant of a small frame house, with plain boarding, erected especially for her convenience. This house contained only one room, which was well furnished, and very pleasant and commodious. No lock was put on her door, and she was permitted to enjoy the open air ad libitum. Instead of being required to put on the prison garb, she wore her usual apparel; nor was she required to perform any kind of labor. Mrs. Craig, the lady of the principal keeper, was exceedingly kind to her, and took care that her food 'was of the best and most delicious quality, and prepared with neatness and elegance'— so that she 'was not only in a land flowing with milk and honey,' but 'was fed from one of its most exuberant tables'! She was also 'furnished with a fine library.' In short, she 'was treated more like a daughter than a prisoner.' Very singular treatment, certainly, for one committed for felony, but indicative of the belief of those in authority, that she was innocent of the charge alleged against her. Fortunately for her, Miss Webster was not lodged in any of the cells in the penitentiary, but was permitted to be the sole tenant of a small frame house, with plain boarding, erected especially for her convenience. This house contained only one room, which was well furnished, and very pleasant and commodious. No lock was put on her door, and she was permitted to enjoy the open air ad libitum ad libitum . Instead of being required to put on the prison garb, she wore her usual apparel; nor was she required to perform any kind of labor. Mrs. Craig, the lady of the principal keeper, was exceedingly kind to her, and took care that her food 'was of the best and most delicious quality, and prepared with neatness and elegance'— so that she 'was not only in a land flowing with milk and honey,' but 'was fed from one of its most exuberant tables'! She was also 'furnished with a fine library.' In short, she 'was treated more like a daughter than a prisoner.' Very singular treatment, certainly, for one committed for felony, but indicative of the belief of those in authority, that she was innocent of the charge alleged against her. Miss Webster says that, during her stay in the penitentiary, several 'ministers of the gospel' called frequently to see her; and we were about giving them credit for courage and humanity, when we read that 'scarcely a day passed, but ladies and gentlemen of the first class visited me,' and 'most, if not all the members of both houses of the Legislature called on me, and, I am happy to say, expressed to me their warmest sympathies.' Miss Webster says that, during her stay in the penitentiary, several 'ministers of the gospel' called frequently to see her; and we were about giving them credit for courage and humanity, when we read that 'scarcely a day passed, but ladies and gentlemen of the first class visited me,' and 'most, if not all the members of both houses of the Legislature called on me, and, I am happy to say, expressed to me their warmest sympathies.' Where ladies and gentlemen 'of the first class,' and the Legislature en masse, dare venture, it is to be taken for granted that the clergy will venture also. Where ladies and gentlemen 'of the first class,' and the Legislature en masse en masse , dare venture, it is to be taken for granted that the clergy will venture also. Miss Webster professes to have an utter abhorrence of slavery, and thinks it is 'almost as bad as the devil and wicked men can make it'— but says that she has 'never yet read any publication issued by the abolitionists.' We would advise her to give their publications a speedy perusal; for it is evident that her opposition to slavery is of that abstract kind, which is full of practical inhumanity, and more to be dreaded than a bold and open advocacy of the horrible system. It is pitiable to hear her declare— 'I cherish a high respect for the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and do not consider the State to blame for my persecutions.' How, as a virtuous woman, can she respect the Commonwealth which herds hundreds of thousands of its population together, as brutes, and compels them to live in a state of unmitigated pollution, without the sanctity of marriage? How can she have say respect for it, when it upholds, defends and punishes as felons those who assail on its soil, 'a system,' to use herown words, 'of uncompounded wickedness, alike opposed to Christianity, and the principles of a republican government'? It is absurd for her to pretend that Kentucky was not to blame for her arrest and imprisonment. She owes her deliverance, unquestionably, to the fact that she was not an abolitionist, but the apologist of slaveholders, rather than to being innocent of the act alleged against her. Miss Webster professes to have an utter abhorrence of slavery, and thinks it is 'almost as bad as the devil and wicked men can make it'— but says that she has 'never yet read any publication issued by the abolitionists.' We would advise her to give their publications a speedy perusal; for it is evident that her opposition to slavery is of that abstract kind, which is full of practical inhumanity, and more to be dreaded than a bold and open advocacy of the horrible system. It is pitiable to hear her declare— 'I cherish a high respect high respect for the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and do not consider the State to blame for my persecutions.' How, as a virtuous woman, can she respect the Commonwealth which herds hundreds of thousands of its population together, as brutes, and compels them to live in a state of unmitigated pollution, without the sanctity of marriage? How can she have say respect for it, when it upholds, defends and punishes as felons those who assail on its soil, 'a system,' to use herown words, 'of uncompounded wickedness, alike opposed to Christianity, and the principles of a republican government'? It is absurd for her to pretend that Kentucky was not to blame for her arrest and imprisonment. She owes her deliverance, unquestionably, to the fact that she was not an abolitionist, but the apologist of slaveholders, rather than to being innocent of the act alleged against her. She says— 'I am, said ever have been, as bitterly opposed to what is termed 'negro stealing,' as Kentuckians themselves'— on the ground that it serves to rivet more tightly the chains of the captives who remain behind. She is, moreover, 'decidedly opposed to a dissolution of the Union.' So are John C. Calhoun and James K. Polk. She would have slavery abolished 'legally, and with a sacred regard to the preservation of our Union, and the Constitution of our beloved country.' Finally, she proclaims that, in Kentucky, 'public feeling is opposed to cruelty'!— that the slaves generally 'appear to be well fed, well clothed, (!) and cheerful ----- as could be expected.' Probably, of the condition of plantation slaves she knows little or nothing by actual observation, but speaks of the appearance of those she has seen in Lexington. She says— 'I am, said ever have been, as bitterly opposed to what is termed 'negro stealing,' as Kentuckians themselves'— on the ground that it serves to rivet more tightly the chains of the captives who remain behind. She is, moreover, 'decidedly opposed to a dissolution of the Union.' So are John C. Calhoun and James K. Polk. She would have slavery abolished 'legally, and with a sacred regard to the preservation of our Union, and the Constitution of our beloved country.' Finally, she proclaims that, in Kentucky, 'public feeling is opposed to cruelty'!— that the slaves generally 'appear to be well fed, well clothed, (!) and cheerful ----- as could be expected.' Probably, of the condition of plantation slaves she knows little or nothing by actual observation, but speaks of the appearance of those she has seen in Lexington. 

 The colored citizens of Boston and their friends will celebrate the anniversary of West India Emancipation at the Tremont Temple, by addresses, and singing by the Juvenile Choir. In the evening, a Soiree will be held at the Chapel under the Boston Museum, at 7 o'clock. We invite the friends of humanity to participate with us on these occasions. The colored citizens of Boston and their friends will celebrate the anniversary of West India Emancipation at the Tremont Temple, by addresses, and singing by the Juvenile Choir. In the evening, a Soiree will be held at the Chapel under the Boston Museum, at 7 o'clock. We invite the friends of humanity to participate with us on these occasions. Per order of the Committee of Arrangements: Per order of the Committee of Arrangements: ROBERT WOOD, Secretary. ROBERT WOOD, Secretary. Secretary. Boston, July 1. Boston, July 1. 

 For a characteristic article from the editor of the Utica Liberty Press, see the 'Refuge of Oppression.' Mr. Bailey is quite indignant that Mr. Douglass freely and frankly expressed his sentiments in regard to Liberty party and the American Union, as he was indebted to 'ourself,' the said Bailey, for meeting that he held. This indebtedness, we are assured by one who heard him, Mr. Douglass gratefully acknowledged; but it was not for him, on that account, to be bribed into silence respecting what he considered the true anti-slavery issue before the country. The anger exhibited by Mr. Bailey, because he was true to his convictions, is certainly no indication of a magnanimous or just spirit. If 'the effort of Mr. D. was labor lost,' why is Mr. B. so greatly excited on account of it? Douglass is not apt to miss the mark; and when he draws his bow at a venture, he is pretty sure to do good execution. His views of the Liberty party and of the Union were well known to Mr. Bailey; and the latter had no right to complain that both were examined by Mr. D. in the spirit of manly openness and sincerity. He spoke as a 'fugitive from oppression,' and deserved a candid and patient audience, even though he could not see eye to eye with those, by whose courtesy it is said he obtained a hearing in Utica. For a characteristic article from the editor of the Utica Liberty Press, see the 'Refuge of Oppression.' Mr. Bailey is quite indignant that Mr. Douglass freely and frankly expressed his sentiments in regard to Liberty party and the American Union, as he was indebted to 'ourself,' the said Bailey, for meeting that he held. This indebtedness, we are assured by one who heard him, Mr. Douglass gratefully acknowledged; but it was not for him, on that account, to be bribed into silence respecting what he considered the true anti-slavery issue before the country. The anger exhibited by Mr. Bailey, because he was true to his convictions, is certainly no indication of a magnanimous or just spirit. If 'the effort of Mr. D. was labor lost,' why is Mr. B. so greatly excited on account of it? Douglass is not apt to miss the mark; and when he draws his bow at a venture, he is pretty sure to do good execution. His views of the Liberty party and of the Union were well known to Mr. Bailey; and the latter had no right to complain that both were examined by Mr. D. in the spirit of manly openness and sincerity. He spoke as a 'fugitive from oppression,' and deserved a candid and patient audience, even though he could not see eye to eye with those, by whose courtesy it is said he obtained a hearing in Utica. But it is a 'pity so noble a specimen of a man should have been spoiled by the miserable fallacies of the Garrisonian philosophy.' Every pro-slavery priest in the land says the same thing; and so does every political demagogue. But what are those 'miserable fallacies'? Let us have specifications. Wherein we err, we desire to be corrected; and if we do not stand on solid ground, we will change our position as soon as that fact can be demonstrated. For illogical reasoning, we have no sort of respect; and we are not conscious of a proneness to deal in 'fallacies,' whether 'miserable' or otherwise. Is it a fallacy to say, that men ought not to do evil, that good may come? or that whatever is hostile to the anti-slavery cause ought to be repudiated at once and for ever? or that it is wicked to take an oath with the intention of not keeping it? Is it a fallacy to say, that if it be the duty of abolitionists to secede from a pro-slavery party, it is equally their duty to secede from a pro-slavery church? or that if a pro-slavery politician is unworthy of confidence and support, so also is a pro-slavery clergyman? Is it a fallacy to say, that the Constitution of the United States was adopted only by the most guilty compromises, whereby the foreign slave trade was prosecuted for twenty years under the American flag, and the domestic traffic is still protected by the same flag— fugitive slaves may be seized and manacled on any part of the American soil— the naval and military forces of the country are pledged to insure the South against domestic insurrections— and a slaveholding oligarchy is allowed to sit in Congress, to legislate against the interests of freedom? Is it a fallacy to say, that there should be no union with slaveholders, either religiously or politically, because they are the enemies of God and a free government? If these things are fallacies, 'miserable fallacies,' then are truth, reason and history fallacies, and nothing is fixed or certain in the universe. We are quite sure that our conclusions are not at war with our premises; and equally sure that our premises cannot be honestly met, and shown to be sophistical. But it is a 'pity so noble a specimen of a man should have been spoiled by the miserable fallacies of the Garrisonian philosophy.' Every pro-slavery priest in the land says the same thing; and so does every political demagogue. But what are those 'miserable fallacies'? Let us have specifications. Wherein we err, we desire to be corrected; and if we do not stand on solid ground, we will change our position as soon as that fact can be demonstrated. For illogical reasoning, we have no sort of respect; and we are not conscious of a proneness to deal in 'fallacies,' whether 'miserable' or otherwise. Is it a fallacy to say, that men ought not to do evil, that good may come? or that whatever is hostile to the anti-slavery cause ought to be repudiated at once and for ever? or that it is wicked to take an oath with the intention of not keeping it? Is it a fallacy to say, that if it be the duty of abolitionists to secede from a pro-slavery party, it is equally their duty to secede from a pro-slavery church? or that if a pro-slavery politician is unworthy of confidence and support, so also is a pro-slavery clergyman? Is it a fallacy to say, that the Constitution of the United States was adopted only by the most guilty compromises, whereby the foreign slave trade was prosecuted for twenty years under the American flag, and the domestic traffic is still protected by the same flag— fugitive slaves may be seized and manacled on any part of the American soil— the naval and military forces of the country are pledged to insure the South against domestic insurrections— and a slaveholding oligarchy is allowed to sit in Congress, to legislate against the interests of freedom? Is it a fallacy to say, that there should be no union with slaveholders, either religiously or politically, because they are the enemies of God and a free government? If these things are fallacies, 'miserable fallacies,' then are truth, reason and history fallacies, and nothing is fixed or certain in the universe. We are quite sure that our conclusions are not at war with our premises; and equally sure that our premises cannot be honestly met, and shown to be sophistical. The editor of the Liberty Press is 'glad of one thing— that Mr. Douglass denounces the Union, the Constitution, and the Liberty party, in the same connection. This confession, that the Union and the Constitution are as pure and meritorious as the Liberty party, shows what the party is in principle, and what it would be in practice, if it could obtain the ascendency in the country. The Whig party goes for the Union as it is; the Democratic party ditto; the Liberty party ditto. The only difference between them is, in regard to the Union, that the last is two-faced and hypocritical, while the other two are consistent and honest, meaning just what they say, without equivocation or mental reservation. The editor of the Liberty Press is 'glad of one thing— that Mr. Douglass denounces the Union, the Constitution, and the Liberty party, in the same connection. This confession, that the Union and the Constitution are as pure and meritorious as the Liberty party, shows what the party is in principle, and what it would be in practice, if it could obtain the ascendency in the country. The Whig party goes for the Union as it is; the Democratic party ditto; the Liberty party ditto. The only difference between them is, in regard to the Union, that the last is two-faced and hypocritical, while the other two are consistent and honest, meaning just what they say, without equivocation or mental reservation. Mr. Douglass is sagely informed, that he 'cannot live in this country without contributing to the support of the government, and that, too, as directly as by voting under its Constitution.' The assertion is equally untrue and foolish; but if it be correct, then why is he, and why are those who agree with him, denounced alike by Whigs, Democrats, and Liberty party men, as 'no-government men' and traitors? 'What care the slaveholders for his refusal to vote, so long as the property of the North is pledged to support the Union?' Let the consternation excited among those worst of robbers, by our withdrawal from the ballot-box, and by the cry for dissolution, answer! Is Mr. Douglass for having the property of the North so pledged? Not he— but just the reverse! Ah! but 'by property-owning and tax-paying, he is contributing to its perpetuity'— and 'if he would withdraw his support from it, he must needs pass out of its jurisdiction.' Easily enough said, but impossible to prove. Between being coerced at the point of the bayonet to pay tax imposed without our consent, and conspiring to coerce others in the same manner, to uphold government, there is no parallel. He who cannot see any difference between being one of a band of robbers, and submitting to be robbed by them while protesting against their existence and practice, is either too corrupt in heart, or too deficient in brains, to be influenced by sound argumentation. What is self-evident is too plain to require proof. Mr. Douglass is sagely informed, that he 'cannot live in this country without contributing to the support of the government, and that, too, as directly as by voting under its Constitution.' The assertion is equally untrue and foolish; but if it be correct, then why is he, and why are those who agree with him, denounced alike by Whigs, Democrats, and Liberty party men, as 'no-government men' and traitors? 'What care the slaveholders for his refusal to vote, so long as the property property of the North is pledged to support the Union?' Let the consternation excited among those worst of robbers, by our withdrawal from the ballot-box, and by the cry for dissolution, answer! Is Mr. Douglass for having the property of the North so pledged? Not he— but just the reverse! Ah! but 'by property-owning and tax-paying, he is contributing to its perpetuity'— and 'if he would withdraw his support from it, he must needs pass out of its jurisdiction.' Easily enough said, but impossible to prove. Between being coerced at the point of the bayonet to pay tax imposed without our consent, and conspiring to coerce others in the same manner, to uphold government, there is no parallel. He who cannot see any difference between being one of a band of robbers, and submitting to be robbed by them while protesting against their existence and practice, is either too corrupt in heart, or too deficient in brains, to be influenced by sound argumentation. What is self-evident is too plain to require proof. 

 The notice of arrangements in Lowell has not yet been received. Parker Pillsbury, Addison Davis, and John Campbell Cluer of Scotland, are expected to be among the speakers at the gathering at Lowell. It is presumed that there will be no failure on the part of our faithful friends in that quarter to celebrate the jubilee. The notice of arrangements in Lowell has not yet been received. Parker Pillsbury, Addison Davis, and John Campbell Cluer of Scotland, are expected to be among the speakers at the gathering at Lowell. It is presumed that there will be no failure on the part of our faithful friends in that quarter to celebrate the jubilee. 

 An esteemed correspondent writes us, from New Brighton, Pa., as follows: An esteemed correspondent writes us, from New Brighton, Pa., as follows: 'A Reverend speech-monopoliser, by the name of George S. Holmes of Pittsburgh, who was in attendance at the Methodist Conference held a few days ago at Bridgewater, two miles below this, preached during its session in this village. His subject was infidelity, and all were branded as infidels, who are heartily engaged in the work of reform! In the course of his remarks, he exclaimed, in the most sneering manner— 'And Abby Kelley! Great God! what a calling for a woman, who, with other mountebanks, was travelling about the country, lecturing on temperance and abolition.' The next evening, Rev. Elisha Bates preached in the same church, when your name, among others, came in for a share of abuse. The slander of such men is praise.' 'A Reverend speech-monopoliser, by the name of George S. Holmes of Pittsburgh, who was in attendance at the Methodist Conference held a few days ago at Bridgewater, two miles below this, preached during its session in this village. His subject was infidelity, and all were branded as infidels, who are heartily engaged in the work of reform! In the course of his remarks, he exclaimed, in the most sneering manner— 'And Abby Kelley! Great God! what a calling for a woman Abby Kelley! Great God! what a calling for a woman , who, with other mountebanks, was travelling about the country, lecturing on temperance and abolition.' The next evening, Rev. Elisha Bates preached in the same church, when your name, among others, came in for a share of abuse. The slander of such men is praise.' Certainly it is praise; but though it completely satisfies me as to the rectitude of my course, I do not mean to let it exalt me above measure. If she remain faithful to the end, there is no name posterity will take more delight in honoring than that of the devoted woman, whom recreant priests are affecting to scorn, and endeavoring to cover with opprobrium. Certainly it is praise; but though it completely satisfies me as to the rectitude of my course, I do not mean to let it exalt me above measure. If she remain faithful to the end, there is no name posterity will take more delight in honoring than that of the devoted woman, whom recreant priests are affecting to scorn, and endeavoring to cover with opprobrium. 

 The celebration of West India Emancipation, notified at Westminster, will be postponed till Tuesday, the 26th of August. The celebration of West India Emancipation, notified at Westminster, will be postponed till Tuesday, the 26th of August. In behalf of the Board of Managers: In behalf of the Board of Managers: J.T. EVERETT. J.T. EVERETT. 

 We published, some time since, a note from this beloved friend, and distinguished orator and philanthropist, in which he intimated his intention of visiting his friends in the United States, ere long. The intelligence was received with a thrill of delight in the anti-slavery ranks, and many have been the inquiries made as to the time he might be expected. Is a letter just received from him, is the following allusion to his coming: We published, some time since, a note from this beloved friend, and distinguished orator and philanthropist, in which he intimated his intention of visiting his friends in the United States, ere long. The intelligence was received with a thrill of delight in the anti-slavery ranks, and many have been the inquiries made as to the time he might be expected. Is a letter just received from him, is the following allusion to his coming: 'I perceive that my recent note, through H.C. Wright, led you to expect my visit to Boston would be very early. I wish I could fulfil your wish, but! must got through some business here, before I can see you on the American side of the water. I fully intend to visit you, as soon as I can spend the time from engagements in England.' 'I perceive that my recent note, through H.C. Wright, led you to expect my visit to Boston would be very early. I wish I could fulfil your wish, but! must got through some business here, before I can see you on the American side of the water. I fully intend to visit you, as soon as I can spend the time from engagements in England.' And most happy will be thousands to given him a cordial greeting on his arrival. He will find an astonishing change wrought in public sentiment, in regard to slavery, since the year 1835, the time of his memorable sojourn among us; though a mighty work yet remains to be achieved, even in this Common wealth, before the spirit of emancipation shall ride in the ascendant. In the days of her madness, Boston drove him from her precincts as one worthy of immolation on the altar of vengeance; but it was a transient paroxysm, from which she speedilp recovered and she will not be backward in making the amende honorable at the earliest opportunity. And most happy will be thousands to given him a cordial greeting on his arrival. He will find an astonishing change wrought in public sentiment, in regard to slavery, since the year 1835, the time of his memorable sojourn among us; though a mighty work yet remains to be achieved, even in this Common wealth, before the spirit of emancipation shall ride in the ascendant. In the days of her madness, Boston drove him from her precincts as one worthy of immolation on the altar of vengeance; but it was a transient paroxysm, from which she speedilp recovered and she will not be backward in making the amende amende  honorable honorable at the earliest opportunity. 

 Awful Steamboat Explosion, and Loss of Life.— On the afternoon of July 1, as the steamer Marquette was backing out from the wharf at New Orleans for Cincinnati and Pittsburg, her boilers burst, and she was shattered to pieces, and sunk in a few minutes. There was a crowd of passengers on the forward deck and bow, and the loss of life was very great. Awful Steamboat Explosion, and Loss of Life. Awful Steamboat Explosion, and Loss of Life. — On the afternoon of July 1, as the steamer Marquette was backing out from the wharf at New Orleans for Cincinnati and Pittsburg, her boilers burst, and she was shattered to pieces, and sunk in a few minutes. There was a crowd of passengers on the forward deck and bow, and the loss of life was very great. The officers were all hurt or lost, namely, Capt. Turpin, slightly scalded; J.F. Lee, clerk, bruised; Ostrander, 1st pilot, badly hurt and scalded; Powell, 2d do., missing; John Hazard, 1st engineer, in the Hospital, dreadfully scalded; Sam Hays, 2d do., not dangerously; Robert Smith, mate, injured. The officers were all hurt or lost, namely, Capt. Turpin, slightly scalded; J.F. Lee, clerk, bruised; Ostrander, 1st pilot, badly hurt and scalded; Powell, 2d do., missing; John Hazard, 1st engineer, in the Hospital, dreadfully scalded; Sam Hays, 2d do., not dangerously; Robert Smith, mate, injured. It now appears that the whole number of persons on board this ill-fated boat at the time of her recent explosion, at New Orleans, was seventy-one. Twenty-eight are known to have been saved, including eleven dangerously wounded, and are now under medical treatment. Thirteen have died since the explosion, and twenty-nine are still missing, so that the probability is that forty-two persons have perished by this single disaster. It now appears that the whole number of persons on board this ill-fated boat at the time of her recent explosion, at New Orleans, was seventy-one. Twenty-eight are known to have been saved, including eleven dangerously wounded, and are now under medical treatment. Thirteen have died since the explosion, and twenty-nine are still missing, so that the probability is that forty-two forty-two persons have perished by this single disaster. Railroad Accident and Loss of Life.— We learn by Adams & Co's Express, that the freight train from Norwich on Thursday, when within four miles of Worcester, ran off the track, down an embankment 20 feet high, upsetting the locomotive, which was buried in coal from the burden cars. The rails were torn up some 300 feet, which detained the Long Island passenger train, and compelled the passengers to wait until an engine and cars were brought from Boston. A temporary track was laid for the passage of the 4 o'clock train from Boston. Railroad Accident and Loss of Life. Railroad Accident and Loss of Life. — We learn by Adams & Co's Express, that the freight train from Norwich on Thursday, when within four miles of Worcester, ran off the track, down an embankment 20 feet high, upsetting the locomotive, which was buried in coal from the burden cars. The rails were torn up some 300 feet, which detained the Long Island passenger train, and compelled the passengers to wait until an engine and cars were brought from Boston. A temporary track was laid for the passage of the 4 o'clock train from Boston. The engineer and fireman remained on the engine, and escaped unhurt. A brakeman by the name of Charles Wells was crushed to death. The engineer and fireman remained on the engine, and escaped unhurt. A brakeman by the name of Charles Wells was crushed to death. The storm on Tuesday in Essex, Mass, says the Salem Register, was accompanied with hail, which destroyed a great quantity of glass. One gentleman states that some of the hail stones measured seven inches in circumference an hour after they fell, and they would average about the size of pullet's eggs. Glass was in demand here on Tuesday. One man states that he counted a thousand panes broken, within half a mile, as he came along the road. The hail fell in a very narrow vein, and with such force as to break through the blinds on the meeting-house, and to lame very considerably the arms which were thrust out of the windows to close the blinds. The storm on Tuesday in Essex, Mass, says the Salem Register, was accompanied with hail, which destroyed a great quantity of glass. One gentleman states that some of the hail stones measured seven inches in circumference an hour after they fell, and they would average about the size of pullet's eggs. Glass was in demand here on Tuesday. One man states that he counted a thousand panes broken, within half a mile, as he came along the road. The hail fell in a very narrow vein, and with such force as to break through the blinds on the meeting-house, and to lame very considerably the arms which were thrust out of the windows to close the blinds. From New-Zealand— Destruction of the Bay of Islands.— By a letter received from Captain Jabez B. Howland of the ship London Packet, of Fairhaven, dated Bay of Islands, New-Zealand, March 13th, we learn, says the New-Bedford Mercury, that the natives of New-Zealand had risen upon the English inhabitants of the Bay of Islands and completely overpowered them. On the 13th of March a battle was fought between the English and natives, in which the former sustained a loss of twenty to thirty killed, and a great many wounded. The English fled to the vessels in port, leaving the town in possession of the natives, who soon reduced it to ashes. From New-Zealand— Destruction of the Bay of Islands. From New-Zealand— Destruction of the Bay of Islands. — By a letter received from Captain Jabez B. Howland of the ship London Packet, of Fairhaven, dated Bay of Islands, New-Zealand, March 13th, we learn, says the New-Bedford Mercury, that the natives of New-Zealand had risen upon the English inhabitants of the Bay of Islands and completely overpowered them. On the 13th of March a battle was fought between the English and natives, in which the former sustained a loss of twenty to thirty killed, and a great many wounded. The English fled to the vessels in port, leaving the town in possession of the natives, who soon reduced it to ashes. MATANZAS.— By the arrival at this port of the brig Elizabeth, Captain Watson, we are in possession of dates up the 6th inst., inclusive. MATANZAS.— By the arrival at this port of the brig Elizabeth, Captain Watson, we are in possession of dates up the 6th inst., inclusive. We find in the Aurora of Matanzas, a full confirmation of the account of the disastrous fire that occurred in that city on the 27th ult. The whole amount is variously estimated at from $800,000 to $1,000,000. Liberal contributions are being made in both Matanzas and Havana for the relief of the sufferers. We find in the Aurora of Matanzas, a full confirmation of the account of the disastrous fire that occurred in that city on the 27th ult. The whole amount is variously estimated at from $800,000 to $1,000,000. Liberal contributions are being made in both Matanzas and Havana for the relief of the sufferers. The amount of suffering is very great, and is not confined to the poor alone; very many families formerly in affluent circumstances are in a state of destitution. The total amount of buildings burnt is some sixty, most of which were large warehouses. The streets in which the greatest amount of injury has been done are, Contreras, De'Aylion, Gelebert, Magdalena and Manzano.— Phil. U.S. Gazette. The amount of suffering is very great, and is not confined to the poor alone; very many families formerly in affluent circumstances are in a state of destitution. The total amount of buildings burnt is some sixty, most of which were large warehouses. The streets in which the greatest amount of injury has been done are, Contreras, De'Aylion, Gelebert, Magdalena and Manzano.— Phil. U.S. Gazette. Phil. U.S. Gazette. The New-Jersey Slave Case.— We learn that writs of error will be prosecuted, before the Court of Errors, in each of the slave cases decided recently by the Supreme Court of New-Jersey, as noticed in our last; and that they will probably be argued in the course of the ensuing winter. A communication now before us, states that Chief Justice Hornblower was strongly in favor of the position maintained by Alvan Stewart in his pleadings before the Court, and 'gave it as his solemn opinion that the new Constitution of the State had abolished slavery.' The New-Jersey Slave Case. The New-Jersey Slave Case. — We learn that writs of error will be prosecuted, before the Court of Errors, in each of the slave cases decided recently by the Supreme Court of New-Jersey, as noticed in our last; and that they will probably be argued in the course of the ensuing winter. A communication now before us, states that Chief Justice Hornblower was strongly in favor of the position maintained by Alvan Stewart in his pleadings before the Court, and 'gave it as his solemn opinion that the new Constitution of the State had abolished slavery.' Kidnapping.— An attempt was made, says the Pitts-field Gazette, to kidnap a colored woman, who lives near the Post Office, early yesterday morning, by three or four persons, who rode up in a carriage.— The cries of the woman, and the alarm spread by her husband, soon attracted a crowd to the spot, and the would-be woman-stealers sloped in a hurry, without accomplishing their nefarious object. Kidnapping. Kidnapping. — An attempt was made, says the Pitts-field Gazette, to kidnap a colored woman, who lives near the Post Office, early yesterday morning, by three or four persons, who rode up in a carriage.— The cries of the woman, and the alarm spread by her husband, soon attracted a crowd to the spot, and the would-be woman-stealers sloped in a hurry, without accomplishing their nefarious object. Extraordinary Mortality.— The number of deaths week before last in New-York was unusually large— not less than 474. As was to be supposed, the increase is by dlseases incident to extremely hot weather. Extraordinary Mortality. Extraordinary Mortality. — The number of deaths week before last in New-York was unusually large— not less than 474. As was to be supposed, the increase is by dlseases incident to extremely hot weather. Distressing Accident in Warren County, N.J.— We learn through the Sussex Register that a distressing casualty occurred on Monday, at Broadway, a small village on the line of the Morris Canal in Warren county. Mrs. Eveland was riding in a light wagon, accompanied by her grand-daughter, a little girl, when the horse (always considered a gentle one) took fright, and running towards the canal, the wagon came in contact with some obstruction, by which the lady and child were violently thrown out, and their heads striking a stone wall, they were both instantly killed. Distressing Accident in Warren County, N.J. Distressing Accident in Warren County, N.J. — We learn through the Sussex Register that a distressing casualty occurred on Monday, at Broadway, a small village on the line of the Morris Canal in Warren county. Mrs. Eveland was riding in a light wagon, accompanied by her grand-daughter, a little girl, when the horse (always considered a gentle one) took fright, and running towards the canal, the wagon came in contact with some obstruction, by which the lady and child were violently thrown out, and their heads striking a stone wall, they were both instantly killed. Woman Killed.— We learn from Mr. Odlin of the Exeter Express, that on Saturday night last, a number of persons proceeded to the house of a Mr. Seavy in East Kingston, N.H., and made an assault upon it with stones. During the affray, a stone from one of the party struck the head of the wife of Seavy, which fractured her skull in three places, and from the effect of which she almost immediately died Woman Killed. Woman Killed. — We learn from Mr. Odlin of the Exeter Express, that on Saturday night last, a number of persons proceeded to the house of a Mr. Seavy in East Kingston, N.H., and made an assault upon it with stones. During the affray, a stone from one of the party struck the head of the wife of Seavy, which fractured her skull in three places, and from the effect of which she almost immediately died 

 The Liberty Standard says that great effort has been made to fix a charge of fraud on Mr. Birney, Mr. Leavitt and others, for transactions relating to the closing up of the business of the American Anti-Slavery Society; and to prove its injustice, bring forward the testimony of THOMAS EARLE, 'a distinguished and able lawyer of Philadelphia, a democratic abolitionist,' who says that 'Messrs. Birney, Tappan, &c. behaved with honor in the matter. Mr. Earle is at present among the bitterest opponents of the American Anti-Slavery Society, and his 'testimony' may go for what it is worth in view of that fact— a fact which the Liberty Standard is careful to hide from its readers. The Liberty Standard says that great effort has been made to fix a charge of fraud on Mr. Birney, Mr. Leavitt and others, for transactions relating to the closing up of the business of the American Anti-Slavery Society; and to prove its injustice, bring forward the testimony of THOMAS EARLE, 'a distinguished and able lawyer of Philadelphia, a democratic abolitionist,' who says that 'Messrs. Birney, Tappan, &c. behaved with honor in the matter. Mr. Earle is at present among the bitterest opponents of the American Anti-Slavery Society, and his 'testimony' may go for what it is worth in view of that fact— a fact which the Liberty Standard is careful to hide from its readers. 

 FREDERICK DOUGLASS will lecture in FREDERICK DOUGLASS will lecture in Table  Table  

 Here are the particulars of the murder of an unoffending negro, on the 4th of July, to gratify the infernal prejudice which is cherished against those whose skin is of a sable hue. Here are the particulars of the murder of an unoffending negro, on the 4th of July on the 4th of July , to gratify the infernal prejudice which is cherished against those whose skin is of a sable hue. Bloody Affray at Indianapolis.— We find the following in the Indianapolis Sentinel of the 5th ulti- mo: Bloody Affray Bloody Affray at Indianapolis Indianapolis .— We find the following in the Indianapolis Sentinel of the 5th ulti- mo: On the afternoon of yesterday, the 4th, an affray occurred in this city between a negro and some whites, in which the negro was finally killed outright. The name of the negro is said to be John Tucket, about forty-five years old, and, previous to this incident, he is said to have been of a quiet and inoffensive disposition. He was, we are told, formerly slave in Kentucky, but many years ago honorably obtained freedom, and came to this vicinity. On the afternoon of yesterday, the 4th, an affray occurred in this city between a negro and some whites, in which the negro was finally killed outright. The name of the negro is said to be John Tucket, about forty-five years old, and, previous to this incident, he is said to have been of a quiet and inoffensive disposition. He was, we are told, formerly slave in Kentucky, but many years ago honorably obtained freedom, and came to this vicinity. On the complaint of two respectable citizens, Nickolas, or as commonly called, Nick Wood, was arrested on the charge of having committed this fatal act. On the complaint of two respectable citizens, Nickolas, or as commonly called, Nick Wood, was arrested on the charge of having committed this fatal act. The negro defended himself with desperate determination; clubs were used, and stones and brickbats flew thick as hail. Wood's right eye was bunged early in the affray, but the person who was most seriously injured, and narrowly escaped with life, vs Edward Davis, usually a very quiet person, who received a severe though not dangerous cut in the side of his head from a brickbat, said to have been huried by the negro, while making a retreating flight up Illinois street, where he was immediately killed. The negro defended himself with desperate determination; clubs were used, and stones and brickbats flew thick as hail. Wood's right eye was bunged early in the affray, but the person who was most seriously injured, and narrowly escaped with life, vs Edward Davis, usually a very quiet person, who received a severe though not dangerous cut in the side of his head from a brickbat, said to have been huried by the negro, while making a retreating flight up Illinois street, where he was immediately killed. The principal wounds received by the negro were apparently those on his head. There was a severe apparently those on his head. There was a severe one, perhaps the severest, over the right frontal region of the skull, probably made by a club; another on the back of the head; a large gash on the top of the front head a little to the left; a hole on the right cheek below the right corner of the eye, and the jaw bone fractured; a hole cut through the left ear, and several smaller wounds. The principal wounds received by the negro were apparently those on his head. There was a severe apparently those on his head. There was a severe one, perhaps the severest, over the right frontal region of the skull, probably made by a club; another on the back of the head; a large gash on the top of the front head a little to the left; a hole on the right cheek below the right corner of the eye, and the jaw bone fractured; a hole cut through the left ear, and several smaller wounds. It was a horrible spectacle; doubly horrible that it should have occurred on the 4th of July, a day which of all others should be consecrated to purposes far different from a display of angry and vindictive passion and brutality. All good men will reflect upon with deep regret. It was a horrible spectacle; doubly horrible that it should have occurred on the 4th of July, a day which of all others should be consecrated to purposes far different from a display of angry and vindictive passion and brutality. All good men will reflect upon with deep regret. 

 Wanted, a good place for a fine little colored boy, about ten years old. He is healthy, strong, and very bright, and will do excellently well if he falls into the proper hands. Apply at 25 Cornhill. Wanted, a good place for a fine little colored boy, about ten years old. He is healthy, strong, and very bright, and will do excellently well if he falls into the proper hands. Apply at 25 Cornhill. 

 We, the undersigned, hereby solemnly pledge ourselves not to countenance or aid the United States Government in any war which may be occasioned by the annexation of Texas, or in any other war foreign or domestic, designed to strengthen or perpetuate slavery. We, the undersigned, hereby solemnly pledge ourselves not to countenance or aid the United States Government in any war which may be occasioned by the annexation of Texas, or in any other war foreign or domestic, designed to strengthen or perpetuate slavery. 

 The members and friends of this Society are notified that its Ninth Annual Meeting will be held on Monday, the 11th of August, at Old Kennett Meeting-house, in Chester county. The members and friends of this Society are notified that its Ninth Annual Meeting will be held on Monday, the 11th of August, at Old Kennett Meeting-house, in Chester county. It is expected that this meeting will be one of deep interest, both to the friends and the opponents of the anti-slavery cause. To the former, especially such as are embraced in the Pennsylvania A.S. Society, it will be particularly interesting, from the questions that will be brought before it for discussion and settlement. It is well known to all that there are certain questions, vital to the existence of the Society and the interests of the cause, on which the abolitionists of Eastern Pennsylvania have for some time been divided; these it is intended to submit to the meeting, for a full and fair discussion, and a definitive decision; so that hereafter, without distraction or internal division, the Society may devote its whole energies to the direct promotion of the common cause. It is expected that this meeting will be one of deep interest, both to the friends and the opponents of the anti-slavery cause. To the former, especially such as are embraced in the Pennsylvania A.S. Society, it will be particularly interesting, from the questions that will be brought before it for discussion and settlement. It is well known to all that there are certain questions, vital to the existence of the Society and the interests of the cause, on which the abolitionists of Eastern Pennsylvania have for some time been divided; these it is intended to submit to the meeting, for a full and fair discussion, and a definitive decision; so that hereafter, without distraction or internal division, the Society may devote its whole energies to the direct promotion of the common cause. The debates to which these questions will necessarily give rise, will not only interest the members of the Society, but, by the facts and arguments bearing upon the general subject which they will naturally elicit, will, we trust, be the means of converting to our principles many who now stand entirely aloof from the anti-slavery enterprise. Other questions, besides, of common interest to all, will receive a due share of the Society's attention: particularly that relating to the propriety of abolitionists continuing in fellowship with the existing pro-slavery and popular religious organizations of the day. The debates to which these questions will necessarily give rise, will not only interest the members of the Society, but, by the facts and arguments bearing upon the general subject which they will naturally elicit, will, we trust, be the means of converting to our principles many who now stand entirely aloof from the anti-slavery enterprise. Other questions, besides, of common interest to all, will receive a due share of the Society's attention: particularly that relating to the propriety of abolitionists continuing in fellowship with the existing pro-slavery and popular religious organizations of the day. In addition to a general attendance of the beat speakers we have in Pennsylvania, others from abroad— among whom may be mentioned Wm. Lloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips— will be present to take part with us in our proceedings. In addition to a general attendance of the beat speakers we have in Pennsylvania, others from abroad— among whom may be mentioned Wm. Lloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips— will be present to take part with us in our proceedings. By order of the Executive Committee, By order of the Executive Committee, E.M. DAVIS, Chairman. E.M. DAVIS, Chairman. HAWORTH WETHERALD, Secretary. HAWORTH WETHERALD, Secretary. 

 Wm. Lloyd Garrison, speaking in a letter to a friend in this city, of the contemplated publication of the above named work, says: Wm. Lloyd Garrison, speaking in a letter to a friend in this city, of the contemplated publication of the above named work, says: 'I will do every thing in my power to give the biography of the devoted Lundy a wide circulation and a favorable reception. My admiration of the fearless determination, the untiring perseverance, the unconquerable spirit, the far-reaching philanthropy of that remarkable man, is not abated by the lapse of time, but increased, the more I contemplate the state of the country at the time he labored to extirpate from our land the direful curse of slavery. I shall ever remember him with gratitude as well as admiration, and ratify your declaration, that there is certainly much due to his memory. What through he labored under some mistakes— what though he did not perceive all the necessary steps to be taken before the slave system could be destroyed— have we not all of us erred in some particular, and been continually learning something in regard to our duties and responsibilities, that we did not know or perceive at the beginning of our work? Lundy in his day, was a prodigy, and deserves a high place among the benefactors of mankind.' 'I will do every thing in my power to give the biography of the devoted Lundy a wide circulation and a favorable reception. My admiration of the fearless determination, the untiring perseverance, the unconquerable spirit, the far-reaching philanthropy of that remarkable man, is not abated by the lapse of time, but increased, the more I contemplate the state of the country at the time he labored to extirpate from our land the direful curse of slavery. I shall ever remember him with gratitude as well as admiration, and ratify your declaration, that there is certainly much due to his memory. What through he labored under some mistakes— what though he did not perceive all the necessary steps to be taken before the slave system could be destroyed— have we not all of us erred in some particular, and been continually learning something in regard to our duties and responsibilities, that we did not know or perceive at the beginning of our work? Lundy in his day, was a prodigy, and deserves a high place among the benefactors of mankind.' This book will not be published, until a sufficient number of subscribers are procured to justify it. A prospectus for signatures may be found at the anti-slavery office.— Penn. Freeman. This book will not be published, until a sufficient number of subscribers are procured to justify it. A prospectus for signatures may be found at the anti-slavery office.— Penn. Freeman Penn. Freeman . We copy the above from the Freeman to say, that we hope that there will be no delay in putting this biography to press, for there can be no doubt that it will meet with a rapid and extensive sale. Every abolitionist in the land ought to have a copy of it. We copy the above from the Freeman to say, that we hope that there will be no delay in putting this biography to press, for there can be no doubt that it will meet with a rapid and extensive sale. Every abolitionist in the land ought to have a copy of it. 

 Ample accommodations, we are assured by our Kennett friends, will be made for the accommodation of all, without respect to party, who may choose to attend the meeting. It is in contemplation to charter a steamboat to Wilmington, for the special use of the delegates from Philadelphia, so that they may reach the place of meeting in time to commence proceedings at an early hour. One o'clock was first thought of as the earliest practicable period that the meeting could commence at, but it is hoped, by the arrangement just mentioned, that we may be able to reach the ground in time to commence the meeting considerably earlier. Ample accommodations, we are assured by our Kennett friends, will be made for the accommodation of all, without respect to party, who may choose to attend the meeting. It is in contemplation to charter a steamboat to Wilmington, for the special use of the delegates from Philadelphia, so that they may reach the place of meeting in time to commence proceedings at an early hour. One o'clock was first thought of as the earliest practicable period that the meeting could commence at, but it is hoped, by the arrangement just mentioned, that we may be able to reach the ground in time to commence the meeting considerably earlier. 

 SOCIAL REFORM. We commend to the careful perusal and thoughtful consideration of our readers, the essays of Mr. Brisbane on Social Reform, the first number of which may be found on our last page. There is great utility in 'proving all things,' if we are only careful to 'hold fast that which is good.' SOCIAL REFORM. We commend to the careful perusal and thoughtful consideration of our readers, the essays of Mr. Brisbane on Social Reform, the first number of which may be found on our last page. There is great utility in 'proving all things,' if we are only careful to 'hold fast that which is good.' 

 THE subscribers, authors, and the sole publishers of Phonographic and Phonotypic works in the United States, keep constantly for sale the works mentioned below, and are daily making additions to their assortment, by the publication of new books, and by fresh importations of the works of Mr. ISAAC PITMAN, the author of the system of Phonography, and the distinguished leader of the writing and printing reformation in England. THE subscribers, authors, and the sole publishers of Phonographic and Phonotypic works in the United States, keep constantly for sale the works mentioned below, and are daily making additions to their assortment, by the publication of new books, and by fresh importations of the works of Mr. ISAAC PITMAN, the author of the system of Phonography, and the distinguished leader of the writing and printing reformation in England. Phonography is the art of writing according to sound, using simple signs to represent simple sounds, instead of the complex characters now in use. Phonography Phonography is the art of writing writing according to sound, using simple signs to represent simple sounds, instead of the complex characters now in use. Phonotypy is a method of printing according to sounds, using letters which truly represent the sounds in words, according to a correct orthography, in the place of the present method of misrepresenting sounds by a false orthography. By means of Phonotypy, children can learn to read perfectly in ONE MONTH. Phonotypy Phonotypy is a method of printing printing according to sounds, using letters which truly represent the sounds in words, according to a correct orthography, in the place of the present method of misrepresenting sounds by a false orthography. By means of Phonotypy, children can learn to read perfectly in ONE MONTH. By means of Phonography, which may be self-taught in a few weeks, by any person of ordinary capacity, with the 'Manual' or 'Class Book,' the labor and time required to write is lessened more than five-sixths. The system combines more than the rapidity of Stenography, with more than the legibility of our old method of writing, and is destined without doubt, from the immense advantages which it offers to the man of business and the scholar, at no distant day, to supersede both. By means of Phonography, which may be self-taught self-taught in a few weeks, by any person of ordinary capacity, with the 'Manual' or 'Class Book,' the labor and time required to write is lessened more than five-sixths. The system combines more than the rapidity of Stenography, with more than the legibility of our old method of writing more than the rapidity of Stenography, with more than the legibility of our old method of writing , and is destined without doubt, from the immense advantages which it offers to the man of business and the scholar, at no distant day, to supersede both. The Writing and Printing Reformation is one in which the lovers of mankind should at once enlist, as laying the broadest foundation for all other beneficent reforms. The Writing and Printing Reformation is one in which the lovers of mankind should at once enlist, as laying the broadest foundation for all other beneficent reforms. Phonographic Works published by Andrews & Boyle, Phonographic Institution School Street, Boston, Mass. ELEMENTS OF PHONOGRAPHY, the simple Alphabet, with explanations. ELEMENTS OF PHONOGRAPHY, the simple Alphabet, with explanations. 2 cts. 2 cts. COMPENDIUM OF PHONOGRAPHY, on a single sheet, containing a condensed view of the system. COMPENDIUM OF PHONOGRAPHY, on a single sheet, containing a condensed view of the system. 6 cts. 6 cts. THE COMPLETE PHONOGRAPHIC CLASS BOOK, containing an exposition of the system of Phonography, intended for the use of Schools, and learners generally. THE COMPLETE PHONOGRAPHIC CLASS BOOK, containing an exposition of the system of Phonography, intended for the use of Schools, and learners generally. Boards 37 1-2 cts. Linen 50 cts. Boards 37 1-2 cts. Linen 50 cts. THE PHONOGRAPHIC READER, a complete course of inductive Reading Lessons in Phonography. THE PHONOGRAPHIC READER, a complete course of inductive Reading Lessons in Phonography. 25 cts. 25 cts. Phonographic and Phonotypic Works published by Isaac Pitman, Bath, England. MANUAL OF PHONOGRAPHY, royal 8vo. 7th edition, Morocco, Gilt, with an Appendix on the application of Phonography to Foreign Languages, by A.J. Ellis, B.A. MANUAL OF PHONOGRAPHY, royal 8vo. 7th edition, Morocco, Gilt, with an Appendix on the application of Phonography to Foreign Languages, by A.J. Ellis, B.A. 87 1-2 cts. 87 1-2 cts. Do. do., People's Edition, without the Appendix. Do. do., People's Edition, without the Appendix. 50 cts. 50 cts. THE PHONOTYPIC JOURNAL, a monthly Magazine, 8vo. devoted to the Writing and Printing Reformation. Printed in Phonotypes, with a Key. THE PHONOTYPIC JOURNAL, a monthly Magazine, 8vo. devoted to the Writing and Printing Reformation. Printed in Phonotypes, with a Key. 12 1-2 cts. 12 1-2 cts. THE PHONOGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENT, containing the best reading matter, for practice, instruction, &c. THE PHONOGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENT, containing the best reading matter, for practice, instruction, &c. 10 cts. 10 cts. A number of other publications devoted to the subject of Phonography and Phonotypy, of a useful and interesting character. A number of other publications devoted to the subject of Phonography and Phonotypy, of a useful and interesting character. Also, Phonographic Pens, Pencils, Wafers and Letter and Note paper. The pens and pencils are simply articles of superior quality, the wafers are light and convenient, and have various mottoes in Phonography, in ink and bronze, and the paper is ruled for Phonography. Also, Phonographic Pens, Pencils, Wafers and Letter and Note paper. The pens and pencils are simply articles of superior quality, the wafers are light and convenient, and have various mottoes in Phonography, in ink and bronze, and the paper is ruled for Phonography. Orders through the mail, with remittance, will be promptly filled. Book-sellers, school-teachers, and others who purchase to sell again, will be allowed a liberal discount. Orders through the mail, with remittance, will be promptly filled. Book-sellers, school-teachers, and others who purchase to sell again, will be allowed a liberal discount. ANDREWS & BOYLE, ANDREWS & BOYLE, 21 School Street Boston, Mass. 21 School Street Boston, Mass. 

 THE subscriber continues to manufacture Trusses of every description, at his residence at the old stand, opposite 264, No. 305 Washington-street, Boston, entrance in Temple Avenue, up stairs. All individuals can see him alone, at any time, at the above place. THE subscriber continues to manufacture Trusses of every description, at his residence at the old stand, opposite 264, No. 305 Washington-street, Boston, entrance in Temple Avenue, up stairs. All individuals can see him alone, at any time, at the above place. Having had twenty years' experience, he has afforded relief to three thousand persons for the last five years. All may be assured of relief, who call and try Trusses of his manufacture. He is now confident he can give every individual relief who may call on him. Having had twenty years' experience, he has afforded relief to three thousand persons for the last five years. All may be assured of relief, who call and try Trusses of his manufacture. He is now confident he can give every individual relief who may call on him. The public are cautioned against the many quacks, who promise what they cannot perform. The public are cautioned against the many quacks, who promise what they cannot perform. Having worn the different kinds of Trusses, more or less, that have been offered to the public for the last twenty years, from different patent manufactories, and now continues to wear those of his own manufacture, he is now able to decide, after examining the rupture, what sort of Truss is best to adapt to all the cases that occur; and he has on hand as good Trusses, and will furnish any kind of Truss that can be had elsewhere. Having worn the different kinds of Trusses, more or less, that have been offered to the public for the last twenty years, from different patent manufactories, and now continues to wear those of his own manufacture, he is now able to decide, after examining the rupture, what sort of Truss is best to adapt to all the cases that occur; and he has on hand as good Trusses, and will furnish any kind of Truss that can be had elsewhere. J.F.F. manufactures as many as twenty different kinds of Trusses, among which are all the different kinds similar to those the late Mr. John Beach of this city formerly made, and all others advertised in Boston, together with the patent elastic spring Truss, with spring pads. Trusses without steel springs— these give relief in all cases of rupture, and a large portion produce a perfect cure. They can be worn day and night. Improved hinge and pivot Truss; umbilical and spring Trusses, made in four different ways; Trusses with ball and socket joints; Trusses for Prolapsus Ani, by wearing which persons troubled with a descent of the rectum can ride on horse-back with perfect ease and safety. Mr. Foster also makes Trusses for Prolapsus Uteri, which have answered in cases where pessaries have failed. Suspensory Trusses, Knee Caps and Back Board are always kept on hand. As a matter of convenience and not of speculation, the undersigned will keep on hand the following kinds from other manufactories, which they can have if his does not suit them:— Dr. Hall's; Read's Spiral Truss; Runnell's do; Salmon's ball and socket; Sherman's patent; French do; Marsh's Improved Truss; Bateman's do, double and single; also Trusses of all sizes, for children. J.F.F. manufactures as many as twenty different kinds of Trusses, among which are all the different kinds similar to those the late Mr. John Beach of this city formerly made, and all others advertised in Boston, together with the patent elastic spring Truss, with spring pads. Trusses without steel springs— these give relief in all cases of rupture, and a large portion produce a perfect cure. They can be worn day and night. Improved hinge and pivot Truss; umbilical and spring Trusses, made in four different ways; Trusses with ball and socket joints; Trusses for Prolapsus Ani, by wearing which persons troubled with a descent of the rectum can ride on horse-back with perfect ease and safety. Mr. Foster also makes Trusses for Prolapsus Uteri, which have answered in cases where pessaries have failed. Suspensory Trusses, Knee Caps and Back Board are always kept on hand. As a matter of convenience and not of speculation, the undersigned will keep on hand the following kinds from other manufactories, which they can have if his does not suit them:— Dr. Hall's; Read's Spiral Truss; Runnell's do; Salmon's ball and socket; Sherman's patent; French do; Marsh's Improved Truss; Bateman's do, double and single; also Trusses of all sizes, for children. Any kind of Trusses repaired at short notice, and made as good as when new. Any kind of Trusses repaired at short notice, and made as good as when new. Ladies, wishing for any of these instruments, will be waited upon by Mrs. Foster, at the above place. Mrs. F. has been engaged in the above business for ten years. Ladies, wishing for any of these instruments, will be waited upon by Mrs. Foster, at the above place. Mrs. F. has been engaged in the above business for ten years. He likewise informs individuals he will not make their complaints known to any one, except when he is permitted to refer to the— it being a misfortune, and young persons do not want their cases known. He likewise informs individuals he will not make their complaints known to any one, except when he is permitted to refer to the— it being a misfortune, and young persons do not want their cases known. JAMES FREDERICK FOSTER. JAMES FREDERICK FOSTER. Boston, June 13, 1845. Boston, June 13, 1845. iseptf iseptf 

 Go, nation, hated of the Lord,And ripe for His avenging sword!Exult with cruel pride elate,You've won another Bandit State!Texas is yours— go, spread your feast,Sons of the Iron-footed Beast!Prepare for high and glad carouseWithin your Presidential House;Call the chief hypocrites who holdGod's poor for office, and for gold:Some will attend you may not call—Demons unseen will throng the hall!For since the Blessed One they slew,Such Jubilee they never knew:Such triumph quite transcends the scope,Even of the Arch Deceiver's hope.A hypocritical, proud nation,Sealed over to their own damnation;Through selfishness and low ambition,Gone greedily to their perdition. Go, nation, hated of the Lord,And ripe for His avenging sword!Exult with cruel pride elate,You've won another Bandit State!Texas is yours— go, spread your feast,Sons of the Iron-footed Beast!Prepare for high and glad carouseWithin your Presidential House;Call the chief hypocrites who holdGod's poor for office, and for gold:Some will attend you may not call—Demons unseen will throng the hall!For since the Blessed One they slew,Such Jubilee they never knew:Such triumph quite transcends the scope,Even of the Arch Deceiver's hope.A hypocritical, proud nation,Sealed over to their own damnation;Through selfishness and low ambition,Gone greedily to their perdition.                    There's music with your songs and cheers,Sweet melody to Satan's ears!It mingles with your choral bands—Ha! who the wild note understands?Th' expiring groan of hope is there,From Slavery's unpitied heir;A sound as if beneath the yoke,The heart-strings of a nation broke;The plaint of helpless infancy,The violated virgin's cry!All these unite in that sad choir,That yet shall pour, like liquid fire,Upon their consciences, who soldThe slave's last hope for southern gold. There's music with your songs and cheers,Sweet melody to Satan's ears!It mingles with your choral bands—Ha! who the wild note understands?Th' expiring groan of hope is there,From Slavery's unpitied heir;A sound as if beneath the yoke,The heart-strings of a nation broke;The plaint of helpless infancy,The violated virgin's cry!All these unite in that sad choir,That yet shall pour, like liquid fire,Upon their consciences, who soldThe slave's last hope for southern gold.              Thank God! no party dust was e'erThrown in my eyes; with vision clear,I saw the toils by Satan laid—I saw even honest hearts betrayed;Trying to think that good might riseFrom Southern plots and knaveries.One said, (whose reasoning I deplore,)'We now may plead for many more.'Excellent soul! three million slavesAre not enough— more work he craves!'Get thee behind me,' heartless clod!Savoring of party more than God;Go, wash thy party scales away,And of Jehovah pardon pray:For thou hast helped as dark a deedAs e'er made Pity's bosom bleed.Yea, whose e'er has urged along,With slightest aid, this DEED OF WRONG,Hath linked him to th' oppressor's doom,The curse of millions yet to come;Whether the din of party strifeDrowned in his car the Word of Life,Or craven fear his soul betrayed,—Fear of a world in arms arrayedAgainst th' unchangeable decree,Men shall be equal, and be free!Or love of gold and office sweetHath brought him to the Southron's feet:—If all, or each of these, hath drivenHis fealty from truth and Heaven,Down, down, deep thundering on his soul,The adamantine curse shall roll.Yea, when the last slave free shall rise,Beneath the gratulating skies,And Earth and Heaven, and all we see,Keep one extatic jubilee—Still unrevoked the curse shall grind,More than before, the writhing mind,These withering thoughts with quickened pains—'I willed them to perpetual chains;I did my part to fix their lot,Confederate with the Southron's plot;Millions unborn were doomed by meTo an unending Slavery!For what? for party's petty sway,I sold their life of life away!Had not the strong God of the poorSet for the slave an open door,Risen to avenge his injured name,And given the alien hosts to shame;Yea, in the tyrant's destined hour,Armed with the glory of his power,To pieces dashed their iron sway,And brought the long expected day;—Had he not risen in his grave,They yet were an enslaved race.But they are free— on me remainsThe spirit of eternal chains:My soul no breath of freedom draws,Though light and glory round me pours.'Such thoughts with recreant souls shall dwell—But, oh! the hearts that will not sellGod's heavenly birthright, in this timeOf saintly cheat and party crime—They who are founded on the rock,Whom surging tempests cannot shock,Against whom Passion's waves may beat,And Error's foam waste at their feet,Children of Christ, in deed and word,With faith in their redeeming Lord;These shall endure, in moveless might—Their prayers ascending day and night,Till with o'erwhelming powers descendThe answer of the Almighty friend;And the ripe vengeance of the skiesSweep off the refuges of lies. Thank God! no party dust was e'erThrown in my eyes; with vision clear,I saw the toils by Satan laid—I saw even honest hearts betrayed;Trying to think that good might riseFrom Southern plots and knaveries.One said, (whose reasoning I deplore,)'We now may plead for many more.'Excellent soul! three million slavesAre not enough— more work he craves!'Get thee behind me,' heartless clod!Savoring of party more than God;Go, wash thy party scales away,And of Jehovah pardon pray:For thou hast helped as dark a deedAs e'er made Pity's bosom bleed.Yea, whose e'er has urged along,With slightest aid, this DEED OF WRONG,Hath linked him to th' oppressor's doom,The curse of millions yet to come;Whether the din of party strifeDrowned in his car the Word of Life,Or craven fear his soul betrayed,—Fear of a world in arms arrayedAgainst th' unchangeable decree,                          Men shall be equal, and be free! Men shall be equal, and be free! Or love of gold and office sweetHath brought him to the Southron's feet:—If all, or each of these, hath drivenHis fealty from truth and Heaven,Down, down, deep thundering on his soul,The adamantine curse shall roll.Yea, when the last slave free shall rise,Beneath the gratulating skies,And Earth and Heaven, and all we see,Keep one extatic jubilee—Still unrevoked the curse shall grind,More than before, the writhing mind,These withering thoughts with quickened pains—'               I I willed them to perpetual chains;I did my part to fix their lot,Confederate with the Southron's plot;Millions unborn were doomed by meTo an unending Slavery!For what? for party's petty sway,I sold their life of life away!Had not the strong God of the poorSet for the slave an open door,Risen to avenge his injured name,And given the alien hosts to shame;Yea, in the tyrant's destined hour,Armed with the glory of his power,To pieces dashed their iron sway,And brought the long expected day;—Had he not risen in his grave,They yet were an enslaved race.But they are free— on me remainsThe spirit of eternal chains:My soul no breath of freedom draws,Though light and glory round me pours.'Such thoughts with recreant souls shall dwell—But, oh! the hearts that will not sellGod's heavenly birthright, in this timeOf saintly cheat and party crime—They who are founded on the rock,Whom surging tempests cannot shock,Against whom Passion's waves may beat,And Error's foam waste at their feet,Children of Christ, in deed and word,With faith in their redeeming Lord;                                These shall endure These shall endure , in moveless might—Their prayers ascending day and night,Till with o'erwhelming powers descendThe answer of the Almighty friend;And the ripe vengeance of the skiesSweep off the refuges of lies.      This is my glory, this my trust!And though this frame be turned to dust,Though this poor heart, that loves the slave,Moulder in a forgotten grave,I will, my God, I will believe!Thy goodness will my prayers receive,Even while o'er the successful wrong,Tyrants are shouting loud and long;Even while the hapless slave despairs,And Slavery's eagle now preparesTo spread her wings o'er other climes,—Her wings that shade a land of crimes;Even now, while on each breeze are borneThe black man's doom, the white man's scorn;Even now, in thee, my God, in theeI trust, I hope for victory!Written within, in words of fire,That sacred truth shall not expire;The outstretched hands prevail with Thee,And Ethiopia shall be free. This is my glory, this my trust!And though this frame be turned to dust,Though this poor heart, that loves the slave,Moulder in a forgotten grave,I will, my God, I will believe!Thy goodness will my prayers receive,Even while o'er the successful wrong,Tyrants are shouting loud and long;Even while the hapless slave despairs,And Slavery's eagle now preparesTo spread her wings o'er other climes,—Her wings that shade a land of crimes;Even now, while on each breeze are borneThe black man's doom, the white man's scorn;Even now, in thee, my God, in theeI trust, I hope for victory!Written within, in words of fire,That sacred truth shall not expire;The outstretched hands prevail with Thee,And Ethiopia shall be free.                    S.L.L. S.L.L. 

 An American Citizen branded with a hot iron by the Democracy and Christianity of the United States, for obeying the commands of God and the dictates of Freedom. An American Citizen branded with a hot iron by the Democracy and Christianity of the United States, for obeying the commands of God and the dictates of Freedom. An American Citizen branded with a hot iron by the Democracy and Christianity of the United States, for obeying the commands of God and the dictates of Freedom. A sign from the South— ye may know by the token,That Slavery has feasted again upon blood,That the demon unchained in his madness hath spokenIn mockery of rights, in blasphemy to God. A sign from the South— ye may know by the token,That Slavery has feasted again upon blood,That the demon unchained in his madness hath spokenIn mockery of rights, in blasphemy to God.    A heart-broken wail from a Christian in chains,When the white fangs of bloodhounds, by Tyranny led,The pure blood that circled in Puritan veins,At the feet of their cannibal Moloch have shed. A heart-broken wail from a Christian in chains,When the white fangs of bloodhounds, by Tyranny led,The pure blood that circled in Puritan veins,At the feet of their cannibal Moloch have shed.    Sleep on, ye New-England men! doubled afresh,The damming reproach on your country in thrown;And the brand that ye deemed was for African flesh,Is hissing red hot in the blood of your own. What reck ye of shame? Ye have calmly stood by,When the back of your country to the lash,And mockingly heard his stern agony's cry,When the hot blood gushed out from its quivering gash. Sleep on, ye New-England men! doubled afresh,The damming reproach on your country in thrown;And the brand that ye deemed was for African flesh,Is    hissing red hot in the blood of your own. hissing red hot in the blood of your own.       What reck ye of shame? Ye have calmly stood by,When the back of your country to the lash,And mockingly heard his stern agony's cry,When the hot blood gushed out from its quivering gash.     Crouch lower, Old Bay State! what matters it now,With fetter and padlock on ankle and lip,How dishonored thou art, or how low thou shalt bow,When the leash hounds of Slavery fasten their grip? Crouch lower, Old Bay State! what matters it now,With fetter and padlock on ankle and lip,How dishonored thou art, or how low thou shalt bow,When the leash hounds of Slavery fasten their grip?    That HAND of thy son, all bloody and scarr'd,Points up to you monument's grey tops in vain;That heart in the dark dungeon, grated and barr'd,Throbs not at the memory of Lexington's plain. That HAND of thy son, all bloody and scarr'd,Points up to you monument's grey tops in vain;That heart in the dark dungeon, grated and barr'd,Throbs not at the memory of Lexington's plain.    It is writing thy doom, as the fingers that tracedThe fire words flashing on Belshazzar's wall!In the soul-crushing folds of oppression embraced,Unpitied, unhonored, thou basely shalt fall. It is writing thy doom, as the fingers that tracedThe fire words flashing on Belshazzar's wall!In the soul-crushing folds of oppression embraced,Unpitied, unhonored, thou basely shalt fall.    Thank God, from the view of thy cowardly shame,Thy Warrens and Franklins and Hancocks are gone,Ere the black brand of falsehood, burnt into thy name,Has left thee to scorn and pollution alone. Thank God, from the view of thy cowardly shame,Thy Warrens and Franklins and Hancocks are gone,Ere the black brand of falsehood, burnt into thy name,Has left thee to scorn and pollution alone.    No voice from the Pulpit— thy ministers dumb,When Hades is moved at thy offering of blood:Ay, while thy church sentinels vilely succumb,Its red waves roll over the altars of God! No voice from the Pulpit— thy ministers dumb,When Hades is moved at thy offering of blood:Ay, while thy church sentinels vilely succumb,Its red waves roll over the altars of God!    

 To WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: To WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: DEAR SIR— It is no doubt known to a majority of your readers, that there is a body of men in this country engaged in the advocacy of a Social Reform, upon the principles of Association and attractive Industry. These men have chosen the simple name of Associationists, although they are laboring for a much higher and more universal end than this name might at first seem to indicate. They are laboring to establish a new order of society upon earth, which shall elevate Man to his Destiny. DEAR SIR— It is no doubt known to a majority of your readers, that there is a body of men in this country engaged in the advocacy of a Social Reform, upon the principles of Association and attractive Industry. These men have chosen the simple name of Associationists, although they are laboring for a much higher and more universal end than this name might at first seem to indicate. They are laboring to establish a new order of society upon earth, which shall elevate Man to his Destiny. They pursue this work under the conviction, that it is the continuation and completion of the labors of the Past,— of the progress which the human race has up to the present time accomplished. They accept whatever of Truth the Past has evolved in the domain of Social Science; and the various great minds who have appeared from time to time on the scene of the world, to direct mankind to their onward career to a higher Destiny,— forming a chain of noble intelligences,— furnish them with light for their guidance and instruction. One link in this chain is CHARLES FOURIER, whose genius they honor most deeply, and whose social discoveries they constantly consult. For this reason, they are called 'Fourierists,' but it is a name which they entirely reject; for a great cause like theirs should not be dressed up in the livery of any man's name. They stand in the same relation to Fourier that astronomers do to Kepler or Newton, accepting or rejecting what, scientifically, can be proved true or false, for they clothe with no infallibility the discoveries of mere human reason. They pursue this work under the conviction, that it is the continuation and completion of the labors of the Past,— of the progress which the human race has up to the present time accomplished. They accept whatever of Truth the Past has evolved in the domain of Social Science Social Science ; and the various great minds who have appeared from time to time on the scene of the world, to direct mankind to their onward career to a higher Destiny,— forming a chain of noble intelligences,— furnish them with light for their guidance and instruction. One link in this chain is CHARLES FOURIER, whose genius they honor most deeply, and whose social discoveries they constantly consult. For this reason, they are called 'Fourierists,' but it is a name which they entirely reject; for a great cause like theirs should not be dressed up in the livery of any man's name. They stand in the same relation to Fourier that astronomers do to Kepler or Newton, accepting or rejecting what, scientifically, can be proved true or false, for they clothe with no infallibility the discoveries of mere human reason. It is my desire to present to your readers a general idea of the great object for which the Associationists are laboring, so that they (your readers) may appreciate the nature of the work of a band of fellow-reformers. It is my desire to present to your readers a general idea of the great object for which the Associationists are laboring, so that they (your readers) may appreciate the nature of the work of a band of fellow-reformers. The Associationists, then, advocate a Social Reform, a thorough and radical Reform,— but upon peaceful and conservative principles,— which will establish in the place of the present society, called, what we might imagine in derision, 'Civilization,' a new Social Order upon earth, based upon entirely different principles, and producing, as radically opposite principles must, radically opposite results. The Associationists, then, advocate a Social Reform Social Reform , a thorough and radical Reform,— but upon peaceful and conservative principles,— which will establish in the place of the present society, called, what we might imagine in derision, 'Civilization,' a new Social Order upon earth, based upon entirely different principles, and producing, as radically opposite principles must, radically opposite results. And why do we advocate a reform in the whole organization of society? It is because we are, from patient study and investigation, most deeply impressed with the conviction, that it is only by means of a great social Reformation, that the wide-spread, the intense, the frightful miseries that now crush Humanity to the earth, can be reached, and finally eradicated. And why do we advocate a reform in the whole organization of society? It is because we are, from patient study and investigation, most deeply impressed with the conviction, that it is only by means of a great social Reformation, that the wide-spread, the intense, the frightful miseries that now crush Humanity to the earth, can be reached, and finally eradicated. Look at our globe, and the human race upon it; take in at one glance the whole, and view the awful spectacle which is offered to our mental vision. Vast regions of the earth are ravaged and laid waste by fire and sword, and made a scene of frightful desolation: other portions are neglected, and left to run to deserts and marshes, which generate poisonous winds and miasmatic effluvia, that scourge man with unnatural diseases, like the plague, the cholera and the yellow fever, and which derange in addition the whole climate of the globe, causing hurricanes and tornadoes and other atmospheric excesses, with excessive heat at the equator, and excessive cold in the northern latitudes. What an effect, for example, must a vast waste of burning sand, like the desert of Zahara, four thousand miles long, and eight hundred broad, have upon the climate of the planet! Other portions, again, of the earth's surface, are entirely uninhabited by man, and the dwelling places only of beasts of prey and noxious reptiles. Probably a sixth only is cultivated, and that for the most part ignorantly and miserably. Look at our globe, and the human race upon it; take in at one glance the whole, and view the awful spectacle which is offered to our mental vision. Vast regions of the earth are ravaged and laid waste by fire and sword, and made a scene of frightful desolation: other portions are neglected, and left to run to deserts and marshes, which generate poisonous winds and miasmatic effluvia, that scourge man with unnatural diseases, like the plague, the cholera and the yellow fever, and which derange in addition the whole climate of the globe, causing hurricanes and tornadoes and other atmospheric excesses, with excessive heat at the equator, and excessive cold in the northern latitudes. What an effect, for example, must a vast waste of burning sand, like the desert of Zahara, four thousand miles long, and eight hundred broad, have upon the climate of the planet! Other portions, again, of the earth's surface, are entirely uninhabited by man, and the dwelling places only of beasts of prey and noxious reptiles. Probably a sixth only is cultivated, and that for the most part ignorantly and miserably. Such is the aspect which our earth presents to us— a scene of neglect, material discord and devastation, perfectly in keeping with the terrible history of oppression, crime, carnage and destruction, which have been enacted upon it. Such is the aspect which our earth presents to us— a scene of neglect, material discord and devastation, perfectly in keeping with the terrible history of oppression, crime, carnage and destruction, which have been enacted upon it. If we turn from an examination of the condition of the earth to that of Mankind, a spectacle still more horrible offers itself to us; the discord and destruction in the material world are excelled by the wild uproar and destruction in the moral world. Nations are at war with nations, spoliating, enslaving, and seeking to destroy each other, as if they were mere gigantic beasts of prey, rather than collections of rational beings, made, as we are taught, 'in the image and likeness of God,' and placed upon the earth to fulfil a high and noble Destiny. And in each nation there are widely separated castes and classes, with opposition and hatreds between them. There are strife, and conflicts between parties, dissensions and conflicts between sects, antagonism, injustice and fraud in the daily social and business affairs of men, and in the bosoms of families there are discords, antipathies, and often unbearable oppression. If we turn from an examination of the condition of the earth to that of Mankind, a spectacle still more horrible offers itself to us; the discord and destruction in the material world are excelled by the wild uproar and destruction in the moral world. Nations are at war with nations, spoliating, enslaving, and seeking to destroy each other, as if they were mere gigantic beasts of prey, rather than collections of rational beings, made, as we are taught, 'in the image and likeness of God,' and placed upon the earth to fulfil a high and noble Destiny. And in each nation there are widely separated castes and classes, with opposition and hatreds between them. There are strife, and conflicts between parties, dissensions and conflicts between sects, antagonism, injustice and fraud in the daily social and business affairs of men, and in the bosoms of families there are discords, antipathies, and often unbearable oppression. This vast superstructure of war, dissension and duplicity, rests upon a foundation of poverty, ignorance, tyranny, and social and political slavery and servitude. This vast superstructure of war, dissension and duplicity, rests upon a foundation of poverty, ignorance, tyranny, and social and political slavery and servitude. The minds of men become so accustomed to this moral atmosphere, their souls are so filled with antipathies and discords, that they look with indifference upon, or as something natural, this mighty derangement, this wide-spread conflict and dissension which are passing around them; or as there is here and there a green spot on the surface of this moral waste, where some approach to truth, justice and love reigns, they fix their eyes upon this more pleasing scene, until they perceive nothing else, and declare that the world is well enough. They do not see that these spots are exceptions to the general rule; and besides, having no idea of the Destiny of man, and the glorious state at which he is to arrive, they have no standard by which to judge the present moral and political condition of the world. The minds of men become so accustomed to this moral atmosphere, their souls are so filled with antipathies and discords, that they look with indifference upon, or as something natural, this mighty derangement, this wide-spread conflict and dissension which are passing around them; or as there is here and there a green spot on the surface of this moral waste, where some approach to truth, justice and love reigns, they fix their eyes upon this more pleasing scene, until they perceive nothing else, and declare that the world is well enough. They do not see that these spots are exceptions to the general rule; and besides, having no idea of the Destiny of man, and the glorious state at which he is to arrive, they have no standard by which to judge the present moral and political condition of the world. Such persons will declare that these pictures are exaggerated and overcharged, the creations of a misanthropic imagination. In answer, we say, look at the history of the nations of Europe— the most advanced nations that have existed in the earth— even in out own times; that is, look at the most modern history of the most advanced civilized countries. Four million of human beings slain in their wars; ruin and mourning brought upon tens of thousands of families; towns and cited sacked and burned; countless treasures and exhausting public debts entailed upon the nations. Such are the works of the generation upon our globe in our very day. Such persons will declare that these pictures are exaggerated and overcharged, the creations of a misanthropic imagination. In answer, we say, look at the history of the nations of Europe— the most advanced nations that have existed in the earth— even in out own times; that is, look at the most modern history of the most advanced civilized countries. Four million of human beings slain in their wars; ruin and mourning brought upon tens of thousands of families; towns and cited sacked and burned; countless treasures and exhausting public debts entailed upon the nations. Such are the works of the generation upon our globe in our very day. Again, look at the condition of the great divisions of the earth at this moment. Africa lies sunk in the deepest brutality, ignorance and degradation; a mighty continent, given up the most degenerate races, and to wild beasts and reptiles, and covered with deserts. Asia lies writhing under the refined tortures of sensual tyranny and despotism, with her hundreds of millions reduced constantly to starvation point. The populations of Christian Europe are subjected to the most severe and rigid industrial discipline, the galley-slaves of labor, overworked and underfed, the machines of toil, drudging for a privileged few, destitute, and often starving in the midst of luxury and splendor. Such is the spectacle which the three great continents of the earth present. On the two continents of America, the only green spot is our own country, and it is darkened by slavery, drunkenness, and a commercial, financial and industrial selfishness and perversity, which flourish no where else as rankly, sowing the seeds of a future corruption and misery as great as any that exist elsewhere. Again, look at the condition of the great divisions of the earth at this moment. Africa lies sunk in the deepest brutality, ignorance and degradation; a mighty continent, given up the most degenerate races, and to wild beasts and reptiles, and covered with deserts. Asia lies writhing under the refined tortures of sensual tyranny and despotism, with her hundreds of millions reduced constantly to starvation point. The populations of Christian Europe are subjected to the most severe and rigid industrial discipline, the galley-slaves of labor, overworked and underfed, the machines of toil, drudging for a privileged few, destitute, and often starving in the midst of luxury and splendor. Such is the spectacle which the three great continents of the earth present. On the two continents of America, the only green spot is our own country, and it is darkened by slavery, drunkenness, and a commercial, financial and industrial selfishness and perversity, which flourish no where else as rankly, sowing the seeds of a future corruption and misery as great as any that exist elsewhere. In viewing this appalling state of social chaos, and foreseeing that the excess of the evil must produce a change, Fourier, in the preface to his great work, 'The Theory of Universal Unity,' exclaims:— 'The term of the social evils and miseries of the human race, the term of their political childhood, has at length arrived. We are now on the eve of the great metamorphosis from social incoherence and discord to social unity and harmony, and this transformation seemed to have been announced by a universal commotion. This is indeed the time in which the present may be truly stated 'pregnant with the future,' for the excess of social suffering must bring on the crisis of social salvation. In contemplating the incessant and convulsive struggles of society, it seems as if Humanity were making a desperate effort to throw off a burden which oppresses it; wars and revolutions are continually breaking out in all regions of the globe: these social storms are hardly quelled before new flames of violence burst forth again from smouldering discontent; party spirit is increased by every conflict, and conciliation seems hopeless; the body politic has now become suspicious and depraved, denouncing every new idea, and descending to the lowest depths of selfish policy, even to the monstrous coalition of professing Christian governments with infidels and Turks to persecute their fellow-Christians. (This was written when the European monarchies regarded the Greeks as 'rebels' and 'revolutionists' in their struggles with the Turks.) Public credit and public property are now regarded as public prey, and handed over to the vampires of finance, the gamblers in the public funds: Industry has become a punishment for those who labor, a perpetual embodiment of the ideal horror in the fable of Tantalus, starving in the midst of plenty, under the delusive system of 'free trade,' monopoly and competition: colonial ambition and cupidity have opened a volcano that threatens irruption permanently: the deadly hatred of the negro population would, if ever it bursts forth, entomb the southern portions of America in one vast sepulchre, and visit on the conquerors the miseries inflicted on them by the aborigines they have exterminated; false and selfish commerce, emulating cannibals, refines the atrocities of the slave trade, and insults the philanthropic decrees of a congress of sovereigns: mercantile Rapacity has extended its worst ramifications over the entire globe; our vessels encircle the world only to initiate Barbarians and Savages in our vices and our furious discords; the earth offers but a frightful chaos of immorality, and civilized society is becoming more odious as it approaches its end.' In viewing this appalling state of social chaos, and foreseeing that the excess of the evil must produce a change, Fourier, in the preface to his great work, ' The Theory of Universal Unity The Theory of Universal Unity ,' exclaims:— 'The term of the social evils and miseries of the human race, the term of their political childhood, has at length arrived. We are now on the eve of the great metamorphosis from social incoherence and discord to social unity and harmony, and this transformation seemed to have been announced by a universal commotion. This is indeed the time in which the present may be truly stated 'pregnant with the future,' for the excess of social suffering must bring on the crisis of social salvation. In contemplating the incessant and convulsive struggles of society, it seems as if Humanity were making a desperate effort to throw off a burden which oppresses it; wars and revolutions are continually breaking out in all regions of the globe: these social storms are hardly quelled before new flames of violence burst forth again from smouldering discontent; party spirit is increased by every conflict, and conciliation seems hopeless; the body politic has now become suspicious and depraved, denouncing every new idea, and descending to the lowest depths of selfish policy, even to the monstrous coalition of professing Christian governments with infidels and Turks to persecute their fellow-Christians. (This was written when the European monarchies regarded the Greeks as 'rebels' and 'revolutionists' in their struggles with the Turks.) Public credit and public property are now regarded as public prey, and handed over to the vampires of finance, the gamblers in the public funds: Industry has become a punishment for those who labor, a perpetual embodiment of the ideal horror in the fable of Tantalus, starving in the midst of plenty, under the delusive system of 'free trade,' monopoly and competition: colonial ambition and cupidity have opened a volcano that threatens irruption permanently: the deadly hatred of the negro population would, if ever it bursts forth, entomb the southern portions of America in one vast sepulchre, and visit on the conquerors the miseries inflicted on them by the aborigines they have exterminated; false and selfish commerce, emulating cannibals, refines the atrocities of the slave trade, and insults the philanthropic decrees of a congress of sovereigns: mercantile Rapacity has extended its worst ramifications over the entire globe; our vessels encircle the world only to initiate Barbarians and Savages in our vices and our furious discords; the earth offers but a frightful chaos of immorality, and civilized society is becoming more odious as it approaches its end.' Now, with this spectacle before us, what do we, the Associationists, want? We wish to devise new means of reform, deep and all-embracing enough to sweep away this ocean of misery and ignorance, which is flowing over humanity, forever from the world. We wish to abolish, universally, fraud, oppression, indigence and carnage, under all their forms, and elevate the Human Race to their Destiny— to a condition of universal peace, riches, liberty and justice. We feel and believe that the oppressed Hindoo, the degraded Africa, the toil worn European, are all our brothers, equally entitled to our sympathies and labors, and that something effectual for the whole family of man must be done. We aim then at a Universal Reform, and the universal happiness of mankind. 'But the undertaking is so vast,' it will be answered, 'that it becomes chimerical and visionary.' This we do not believe. We are convinced that God must have reserved means for the elevation of the whole human race, and that these means can be discovered, if men will but seek for them earnestly and conscientiously. In our conviction, it is practical atheism to believe the contrary. It may require great enthusiasm and great energy to carry on this reform, but a great idea begets the life-energy to do it, and it will be accomplished. Now, with this spectacle before us, what do we, the Associationists, want? We wish to devise new means of reform, deep and all-embracing enough to sweep away this ocean of misery and ignorance, which is flowing over humanity, forever from the world. We wish to abolish, universally, fraud, oppression, indigence and carnage, under all their forms, and elevate the Human Race to their Destiny— to a condition of universal peace, riches, liberty and justice. We feel and believe that the oppressed Hindoo, the degraded Africa, the toil worn European, are all our brothers, equally entitled to our sympathies and labors, and that something effectual for the whole family of man must be done. We aim then at a Universal Reform Universal Reform , and the universal happiness universal happiness of mankind. 'But the undertaking is so vast,' it will be answered, 'that it becomes chimerical and visionary.' This we do not do not believe. We are convinced that God must have must have reserved means for the elevation of the whole whole human race, and that these means can be discovered can be discovered , if men will but seek for them earnestly and conscientiously. In our conviction, it is practical atheism to believe the contrary. It may require great enthusiasm and great energy to carry on this reform, but a great idea begets the life-energy to do it, and it will be accomplished. What should be the nature of this reform? It should be Social. Four false societies have existed on the earth, and all of them have engendered the scourges which we have described. Their false, unnatural, and often satanic institutions give a direction to human action and will, which is so strong that the individuals brought up under them cannot resist their power and influence. One institution engenders slavery, another serfdom, a third the wages system, a fourth war, a fifth universal fraud, overreaching and antogonism in commerce, finance and industry, a sixth waste and selfishness, and others again other scourges and evils. These false societies, with their false institutions, must be uprooted, and a new society, based upon entirely different principles, and with new institutions, must be established in their place. A Social Reform, then, is the remedy we propose, the object of our labors. In my next, I will take a view of the condition to which we wish to elevate the Human Race. What should be the nature of this reform? It should be Social Social . Four false societies have existed on the earth, and all of them have engendered the scourges which we have described. Their false, unnatural, and often satanic institutions give a direction to human action and will, which is so strong that the individuals brought up under them cannot resist their power and influence. One institution engenders slavery, another serfdom, a third the wages system, a fourth war, a fifth universal fraud, overreaching and antogonism in commerce, finance and industry, a sixth waste and selfishness, and others again other scourges and evils. These false societies, with their false institutions, must be uprooted, and a new society, based upon entirely different principles, and with new institutions, must be established in their place. A Social Reform, then, is the remedy we propose, the object of our labors. In my next, I will take a view of the condition to which we wish to elevate the Human Race. Very truly yours, Very truly yours, A. BRISBANE A. BRISBANE 

 BRATTLEBORO', Vt. July 22, 1845. BRATTLEBORO', Vt. July 22, 1845. MY DEAR FRIEND: MY DEAR FRIEND: I know that you take a lively interest in all purifying reforms; and we here are carrying on one that I think is fundamental. A sound mind, in a sound body, is the desideratum of culture. But without the sound body, there cannot be a sound mind— so intimately blended are body and mind in human life. How introverted, then, is the course of training pursued by educators, (so called,) and by society! From the. District School, up to and through College and the Professional schools, the mind, and, mainly, the intellectual powers of the mind, receive all the attention of teachers and pupils. How fatal the consequences of such one-sided training, let the sickly forms and haggard countenances of those called 'educated' bare witness! But the derangement and perversion of human nature do not stop with those palpable and familiar consequences. As the body cannot be healthy without action, developing and harmonizing with physical laws; and as the mind cannot be healthy without activity that developes and harmonizes with the laws of mind, and in a sound body; so cannot life be healthy without action that developes and harmonizes with the laws of life. By life, I now mean the combined and harmonious action of the physical, intellectual and spiritual powers. The culture of this age tends to, and aims at, a very different result. The culture of the intellect, towards the developement of which almost all educational efforts are directed, tends not to bring out individual, independent life, but a stereotyped intellect, impressed with the thoughts and character of the Past. The dicta of authorities are taught and learned, but they are not to be lived out as fast as apprehended. All living, all action, must be conformable to society as it is. Whatever principles of action are learned in the understanding, are therein deposited not to be acted, lived out; but to be taught to others, who must act live them any more, but again teach them to succeeding generations. I know that you take a lively interest in all purifying reforms; and we here are carrying on one that I think is fundamental. A sound mind, in a sound body, is the desideratum of culture. But without the sound body, there cannot be a sound mind— so intimately blended are body and mind in human life. How introverted, then, is the course of training pursued by educators, (so called,) and by society! From the. District School, up to and through College and the Professional schools, the mind mind , and, mainly, the intellectual powers of the mind, receive all the attention of teachers and pupils. How fatal the consequences of such one-sided training, let the sickly forms and haggard countenances of those called ' educated educated ' bare witness! But the derangement and perversion of human nature do not stop with those palpable and familiar consequences. As the body cannot be healthy without action, developing and harmonizing with physical laws; and as the mind cannot be healthy without activity that developes and harmonizes with the laws of mind, and in a sound body; so cannot life be healthy without action that developes and harmonizes with the laws of life. By life life , I now mean the combined and harmonious action action of the physical, intellectual and and spiritual powers. The culture of this age tends to, and aims at, a very different result. The culture of the intellect intellect , towards the developement of which almost all educational efforts are directed, tends not to bring out individual, independent life, but a stereotyped intellect, impressed with the thoughts and character of the Past Past . The dicta of authorities authorities are taught and learned, but they are not to be lived out lived out as fast as apprehended. All living, all action, must be conformable to society as it is. Whatever principles of action are learned in the understanding, are therein deposited not to be acted, lived out; but to be taught to others, who must act live them any more, but again teach them to succeeding generations. Any training or culture, in which the physical, the intellectual and the spiritual powers are not developed harmoniously, and in active being, must be subversive (must it not?) of the proper balance of true life. Whatever tends to bring us back or forward to this true synthesis of life, must be most welcome to those who mourn over the existing degenerating influences, and who look anxiously for the new mah. Any training or culture, in which the physical, the intellectual and the spiritual powers are not developed harmoniously, and in active being active being , must be subversive (must it not?) of the proper balance of true life. Whatever tends to bring us back or forward back or forward to this true synthesis of life, must be most welcome to those who mourn over the existing degenerating influences, and who look anxiously for the new mah. I think that, manifestly, 'The Water Cure' is one of such most desirable tendencies. By it the body is to be cleansed and purified by the application of pure water, which is to the physical, what truth is to the intellectual; and the patient is to be active during the cure, in the application of the water, in the invigorating exercise usually practised, in the adoption of a pure and simple and regular diet; and he is led to reason about the origin of his disease, the way it has progressed in his system, and how it may be averted and avoided in future; and the course pursued is calculated to make him feel that he ought and must pursue a course in harmony with his whole nature, and also with external nature. Another important feature of the cure is, that it lasts long enough to form habits of pure and simple living, and of course a fondness for them. All excess is to be avoided; moderation in all things is inculcated and induced— as far as precept and regimen can induce it. I think that, manifestly, 'The Water Cure' is one of such most desirable tendencies. By it the body is to be cleansed and purified by the application of pure water pure water , which is to the physical, what truth truth is to the intellectual; and the patient is to be active active during the cure, in the application of the water, in the invigorating exercise usually practised, in the adoption of a pure and simple and regular diet; and he is led to reason about the origin of his disease, the way it has progressed in his system, and how it may be averted and avoided in future; and the course pursued is calculated to make him feel that he ought and must pursue a course in harmony with his whole nature, and also with external nature. Another important feature of the cure is, that it lasts long enough to form habits of pure and simple living, and of course a fondness for them. All excess is to be avoided; moderation in all things is inculcated and induced— as far as precept and regimen can induce it. Here are patients from all parts of the country. No one can go home, I think, without becoming at least a preacher of simplicity and purity; I trust many will also become practisers. Our discipline, unlike that of the age generally, combines preaching and practice in the teachers, and tends to do so in the pupil also. We have here more than forty patients. I think we appear to be, and I believe we are, as the average of men and women— only we have set about curing ourselves, and the others go on, until an acute attack ends their sufferings, or active applications fend off, for a while, the insidious encroachments of disease. We have many things combining to effect a cure:— abundance of water, of unsurpassed purity and coolness; scenery of great variety and beauty; a company of intelligent patients; and last, and by no means least, a many-sided, philosophical MAN, whose life has been, to a remarkable degree, a synthetic and harmonious combination of speculation, emotion and action in vigorous life, to direct and incite us onwards. Here are patients from all parts of the country. No one can go home, I think, without becoming at least a preacher of simplicity and purity; I trust many many will also become practisers. Our discipline, unlike that of the age generally, combines preaching and practice in the teachers, and tends to do so in the pupil also. We have here more than forty patients. I think we appear to be, and I believe we are, as the average of men and women— only we have set about curing ourselves, and the others go on, until an acute attack ends their sufferings, or active applications fend off, for a while, the insidious encroachments of disease. We have many things combining to effect a cure:— abundance of water, of unsurpassed purity and coolness; scenery of great variety and beauty; a company of intelligent patients; and last, and by no means least, a many-sided, philosophical MAN, whose life has been, to a remarkable degree, a synthetic and harmonious combination of speculation, emotion and action in vigorous life, to direct and incite us onwards. The greatest and most obvious obstacle to radical and instructive cures, lies in our Yankee fickleness. No sooner does a patient begin to be decidedly better, than thoughts of going home disturb the persevering energy with which the 'Cure' has before been prosecuted. The Doctor is asked— 'Don't you think I can carry on the cure at home, and get well?' He says, 'Well, you may, but I do not think you will. You will not find all arrangements made for the cure, at home; you will not find every body co-operating in your attempts to carry it through; you will soon think you are well enough, and relax you exertions; or you may have a crisis, and send for a physician, who will bring your system again into the old train. No, I do not believe you will be cured if you go now, although you may!' And the restless Yankee generally will go, before his cure is perfected,— before the new and healthful habits become constitutional. The greatest and most obvious obstacle to radical and instructive cures, lies in our Yankee fickleness. No sooner does a patient begin to be decidedly better, than thoughts of going home disturb the persevering energy with which the 'Cure' has before been prosecuted. The Doctor is asked— 'Don't you think I can carry on the cure at home, and get well?' He says, 'Well, you may may , but I do not think you will will . You will not find all arrangements made for the cure, at home; you will not find every body co-operating in your attempts to carry it through; you will soon think you are well enough well enough , and relax you exertions; or you may have a crisis, and send for a physician, who will bring your system again into the old train. No, I do not believe you will be will be cured if you go now, although you may! may! ' And the restless Yankee generally will go, before his cure is perfected,— before the new and healthful habits become constitutional. Respectfully and sincerely, Respectfully and sincerely, D. MACK. D. MACK. 

 TRAGICAL OCCURRENCE IN NEW-ORLEANS.— The New-Orleans Bee of the 25th ult. contains the following: TRAGICAL OCCURRENCE IN NEW-ORLEANS.— The New-Orleans Bee of the 25th ult. contains the following: Yesterday morning, about half-past 10 o'clock, a young woman of very respectable appearance, named Henrietta Blanchard, went into the auction mart, in Camp street where Mr. Lendig and a negro broker named Pettiway were walking, and drawing a pistol, deliberately shot Pettiway, the ball entering his left side, passing through his body and coming out in front. Pettiway, as we are informed, immediately exclaimed— 'I am shot by the mother of my child.' The young woman did not attempt to escape, but throwing the pistol on the floor, called on a gentleman who was in the store to take her before Recorder Baldwin, and on her being asked, why she had shot Pettiway, she replied it would be time enough to explain her reason when she was before the Recorder. She was immediately taken into custody by Captain Winter and Lieut. Bielman, and conveyed to the Second Municipality police jail. Pettiway was conveyed to his residence in Phillippa street, and as we learn, last night, is likely to recover. The young woman appeared to be and continued throughout the day perfectly composed, betraying not the least excitement. Yesterday morning, about half-past 10 o'clock, a young woman of very respectable appearance, named Henrietta Blanchard, went into the auction mart, in Camp street where Mr. Lendig and a negro broker named Pettiway were walking, and drawing a pistol, deliberately shot Pettiway, the ball entering his left side, passing through his body and coming out in front. Pettiway, as we are informed, immediately exclaimed— 'I am shot by the mother of my child.' The young woman did not attempt to escape, but throwing the pistol on the floor, called on a gentleman who was in the store to take her before Recorder Baldwin, and on her being asked, why she had shot Pettiway, she replied it would be time enough to explain her reason when she was before the Recorder. She was immediately taken into custody by Captain Winter and Lieut. Bielman, and conveyed to the Second Municipality police jail. Pettiway was conveyed to his residence in Phillippa street, and as we learn, last night, is likely to recover. The young woman appeared to be and continued throughout the day perfectly composed, betraying not the least excitement. The causes which led to this affair are painful to contemplate. The story is soon told. It is a record of seduction, desertion and revenge. As we heard it, the young woman was seduced by Pettiway under promise of marriage— a child was the fruit of their intercourse, which is since dead. Pettiway refused to marry her, endeavored to blast her character, and offered her money to be released from his engagement, which she promptly refused, demanding as due to her honor, the fulfilment of his promise. Finding all her endeavors fruitless to obtain reparation, and goaded to desperation by his shameful conduct towards her, she formed the deliberate design to be revenged, and so far accomplished her purpose as we have stated. We have heard a very painful history of this affair. The foregoing statement, we believe, embodies the leading features of it. The causes which led to this affair are painful to contemplate. The story is soon told. It is a record of seduction, desertion and revenge. As we heard it, the young woman was seduced by Pettiway under promise of marriage— a child was the fruit of their intercourse, which is since dead. Pettiway refused to marry her, endeavored to blast her character, and offered her money to be released from his engagement, which she promptly refused, demanding as due to her honor, the fulfilment of his promise. Finding all her endeavors fruitless to obtain reparation, and goaded to desperation by his shameful conduct towards her, she formed the deliberate design to be revenged, and so far accomplished her purpose as we have stated. We have heard a very painful history of this affair. The foregoing statement, we believe, embodies the leading features of it. As soon as she fired her pistol, Henrietta threw it down, and turned deliberately to walk out. Mr. Kendig requested some one to detain her. She then remarked that she did not wish to elude the officers of the law; that she intended to give herself up to the Recorder. She, however, took a seat, and in a few moments was surrounded by a large number of citizens. She is a fine looking, well formed woman, about 18 or 20 years of age, as we should judge. She has blue eyes, light brown hair, rather above the ordinary stature, and was dressed in a neat, comely and plain style. Her mien was as dignified as the agitation belonging to such a seene would allow, while at the same time she seemed to be laboring under a deep excitement which bore many of the characteristics of a withering sense of wrong endured through shame, abasement, and outrage. She was told by some one that she had killed Pettiway. She replied, that he had done worse to her. She said that she was a poor, defenceless woman, who had been brought nearly to the grave by him, had been wronged beyond endurance, and abandoned in her despair. To some one who asked her why she did this thing, she replied, 'He knows.' She then added, in a voice somewhat shaken and tremulous— 'This is a fearful tragedy, but he deserved it.' A short while afterwards she seemed to be oppressed, and asked for water. A gentleman, who handed her a glass, thinking that she might have drunk laudanum or something of the kind, so violent was her agitation, asked her if she had taken any thing else that morning. She looked him earnestly in the face for a moment, and repeated the words 'taken any thing else!' and then with more sternness added, 'No, sir, nothing but revenge!'— When the officer was about taking her to the lock-up house in Baronne street, she remarked, with much firmness and resignation, 'they can but kill me, and I have suffered more than that already.' There was nothing in the manner of this unfortunate woman that indicated an abandoned character. We hear that she is a dress-maker, and resides with her sister in Royal street, who is married to a respectable citizen. As soon as she fired her pistol, Henrietta threw it down, and turned deliberately to walk out. Mr. Kendig requested some one to detain her. She then remarked that she did not wish to elude the officers of the law; that she intended to give herself up to the Recorder. She, however, took a seat, and in a few moments was surrounded by a large number of citizens. She is a fine looking, well formed woman, about 18 or 20 years of age, as we should judge. She has blue eyes, light brown hair, rather above the ordinary stature, and was dressed in a neat, comely and plain style. Her mien was as dignified as the agitation belonging to such a seene would allow, while at the same time she seemed to be laboring under a deep excitement which bore many of the characteristics of a withering sense of wrong endured through shame, abasement, and outrage. She was told by some one that she had killed Pettiway. She replied, that he had done worse to her. She said that she was a poor, defenceless woman, who had been brought nearly to the grave by him, had been wronged beyond endurance, and abandoned in her despair. To some one who asked her why she did this thing, she replied, ' He knows He knows .' She then added, in a voice somewhat shaken and tremulous— 'This is a fearful tragedy, but he deserved it.' A short while afterwards she seemed to be oppressed, and asked for water. A gentleman, who handed her a glass, thinking that she might have drunk laudanum or something of the kind, so violent was her agitation, asked her if she had taken any thing else that morning. She looked him earnestly in the face for a moment, and repeated the words 'taken any thing else!' and then with more sternness added, 'No, sir, nothing but revenge!'— When the officer was about taking her to the lock-up house in Baronne street, she remarked, with much firmness and resignation, 'they can but kill me, and I have suffered more than that already.' There was nothing in the manner of this unfortunate woman that indicated an abandoned character. We hear that she is a dress-maker, and resides with her sister in Royal street, who is married to a respectable citizen. Since writing the above, we learn that Pettiway was still alive, although in much pain, last evening, and there was some reason to believe he would finally recover. The girl is confined in a room at the watch-house in Baronne street. Should Pettiway be pronounced out of danger, she will probably be allowed to go out on bail at once. Much sympathy is manifested for her in all quarters, and we have understood that any amount of bail could be made up for her immediately. Since writing the above, we learn that Pettiway was still alive, although in much pain, last evening, and there was some reason to believe he would finally recover. The girl is confined in a room at the watch-house in Baronne street. Should Pettiway be pronounced out of danger, she will probably be allowed to go out on bail at once. Much sympathy is manifested for her in all quarters, and we have understood that any amount of bail could be made up for her immediately. MORALS OF VICKSBURG. The Vicksburg Constitutionalist makes confession of a strange regardlessness for human life in that city of bloodshed and violence. That paper says: MORALS OF VICKSBURG. The Vicksburg Constitutionalist makes confession of a strange regardlessness for human life in that city of bloodshed and violence. That paper says: 'We have had several trials for murder in the Circuit Court now in session, and so indifferent are a large majority of us to the issue, that it is really difficult to learn the verdict of the jury by enquiring of any outside of the court room! Several days often elapse before we heave in the street whether a human being has been condemned to death, or acquitted, on his trial for murder! Bodies are found dead round about and among us, some probably murdered, some suicides, and the coroner and the jury may hold their inquest in peace, without half a dozen others hearing of the awful facts! They are subjects so common as rarely to excite curiosity. A dead body in the river attracts hardly as much attention as a captured catfish struggling for liberty! We will cross the river in multitudes to witness a DUEL, with about the same feelings and curiosity that we attend a circus, or a 'monkey show.' We die or are killed, buried, and forgotten in a few hours: too many of the living never thinking of the dead or death after Mr. Vanzile (the grave-digger, we suppose) has performed his last sad duties.' 'We have had several trials for murder in the Circuit Court now in session, and so indifferent are a large majority of us to the issue, that it is really difficult to learn the verdict of the jury by enquiring of any outside of the court room! Several days often elapse before we heave in the street whether a human being has been condemned to death, or acquitted, on his trial for murder! Bodies are found dead round about and among us, some probably murdered, some suicides, and the coroner and the jury may hold their inquest in peace, without half a dozen others hearing of the awful facts! They are subjects so common as rarely to excite curiosity. A dead body in the river attracts hardly as much attention as a captured catfish struggling for liberty! We will cross the river in multitudes to witness a DUEL, with about the same feelings and curiosity that we attend a circus, or a 'monkey show.' We die or are killed, buried, and forgotten in a few hours: too many of the living never thinking of the dead or death after Mr. Vanzile (the grave-digger, we suppose) has performed his last sad duties.' Dr. A.J. Tripp was killed in Eatonton, Geo. on the 25th ult. by a stab received from A.B. Hoxey. Another young man who resided with Dr. Tripp was considerably injured in the affray, as was also Mr. Hoxey. The assault was made on Hoxey, in the street, and grew out of a quarrel which had occurred previous. Hoxey is in jail. Dr. A.J. Tripp was killed in Eatonton, Geo. on the 25th ult. by a stab received from A.B. Hoxey. Another young man who resided with Dr. Tripp was considerably injured in the affray, as was also Mr. Hoxey. The assault was made on Hoxey, in the street, and grew out of a quarrel which had occurred previous. Hoxey is in jail. Murder— We learn from a letter received by a gentleman of this city, says a Baltimore paper, that on Sunday last, a deliberate murder was committed at New Market, Frederick county, in this State. A man named Thomas Purdy deliberately shot a poor old inoffensive negro man, named Henry Butler. The letter gives no cause for the act. The murderer was arrested and 'confessed the crime, though with a faltering voice, and shed a torrent of tears.' Bail was taken for his appearance at court, by the magistrate before whom the examination took place. Murder Murder — We learn from a letter received by a gentleman of this city, says a Baltimore paper, that on Sunday last, a deliberate murder was committed at New Market, Frederick county, in this State. A man named Thomas Purdy deliberately shot a poor old inoffensive negro man, named Henry Butler. The letter gives no cause for the act. The murderer was arrested and 'confessed the crime, though with a faltering voice, and shed a torrent of tears.' Bail was taken for his appearance at court, by the magistrate before whom the examination took place. Tragical Event.— We learn that a young man named Watts, son of Mr. David Watts, was shot dead at the military encampment, near Athens, in Fayette county, Ky. one day last week. It appears that a guard of sentinels had been placed over a cannon belonging to one of the companies, which he attempted to pass without giving the countersign, when the guard, several in number, fired, and the piece of one of them being loaded with ball and slugs, took effect in his breast, killing him instantly. Whether it was premeditated or accidental murder, we have not learned.— Zanesville Courier. Tragical Event Tragical Event .— We learn that a young man named Watts, son of Mr. David Watts, was shot dead at the military encampment, near Athens, in Fayette county, Ky. one day last week. It appears that a guard of sentinels had been placed over a cannon belonging to one of the companies, which he attempted to pass without giving the countersign, when the guard, several in number, fired, and the piece of one of them being loaded with ball and slugs, took effect in his breast, killing him instantly. Whether it was premeditated or accidental murder, we have not learned.— Zanesville Courier. We learn from the Lafourche (La.) Gazette that Mr. Asher, residing on the Bayou Lafourche, about fifty miles below Thibodeaux, was killed by one of his neighbors on Tuesday morning, the 24th ultimo. The person who committed the act has absconded, and a warrant has been issued for his apprehension. We learn from the Lafourche (La.) Gazette that Mr. Asher, residing on the Bayou Lafourche, about fifty miles below Thibodeaux, was killed by one of his neighbors on Tuesday morning, the 24th ultimo. The person who committed the act has absconded, and a warrant has been issued for his apprehension. A Duel.— An affair of honor took place at New-Orleans on the morning of the 4th ult. between two fencing masters of that city. The weapons were broad swords. Both of the combatants were grievously wounded— one of them in the breast, and the other in the left arm. A Duel A Duel .— An affair of honor took place at New-Orleans on the morning of the 4th ult. between two fencing masters of that city. The weapons were broad swords. Both of the combatants were grievously wounded— one of them in the breast, and the other in the left arm. Murder in Louisville.— Michael Allen, an Irishman, has been committed to jail in Louisville, for the murder of a German blacksmith, last Tuesday. He struck the German with a pair of blacksmith's tongs, which caused the death of the latter in a day or two. Murder in Louisville Murder in Louisville .— Michael Allen, an Irishman, has been committed to jail in Louisville, for the murder of a German blacksmith, last Tuesday. He struck the German with a pair of blacksmith's tongs, which caused the death of the latter in a day or two. Singular.— The Planters' La. Gazette of July 5th, says: Singular Singular .— The Planters' La. Gazette of July 5th, says: 'The body of a young man was found in the Atchafalya the other day stripped. He had delicate hands, as if unaccustomed to labor. The body had been shot through and through, but, though not in a state of putrifaction, was buried by a planter without an inquest. The body of an Indian without a head was also found near the same place. 'The body of a young man was found in the Atchafalya the other day stripped. He had delicate hands, as if unaccustomed to labor. The body had been shot through and through, but, though not in a state of putrifaction, was buried by a planter without an inquest. The body of an Indian without a head was also found near the same place. Murder.— The St. Louis Republican gives a rumor of a murder said to have been perpetrated on the Des Moines river. A man, his wife, and two children, are said to have been killed by three men. A third child, the youngest, escaped. Two of them were almost immediately apprehended, by some wood-choppers, and confessed their crime; the third offered resistance, and was killed. The murderers in custody, were taken to Keosauqua, where the court was in session. Murder Murder .— The St. Louis Republican gives a rumor of a murder said to have been perpetrated on the Des Moines river. A man, his wife, and two children, are said to have been killed by three men. A third child, the youngest, escaped. Two of them were almost immediately apprehended, by some wood-choppers, and confessed their crime; the third offered resistance, and was killed. The murderers in custody, were taken to Keosauqua, where the court was in session. Horrid Murder.— The St. Louis Reporter of the 7th ult. contains the following particulars of the murder of an old and highly respectable citizen of Illinois, mentioned yesterday: Horrid Murder Horrid Murder .— The St. Louis Reporter of the 7th ult. contains the following particulars of the murder of an old and highly respectable citizen of Illinois, mentioned yesterday: 'By the War Eagle, arrived yesterday, from St. Peters, we learn that about 1 P.M. of the 4th ult. five persons entered the house of Col. Geo. Davenport, on Rock Island, during the absence of his family, and shot him through the thigh, mortally wounding him, and then dragged him through the house, until he told them where his money was, which they took with his watch. They then tied him fast to an easy chair, and left, and had not been seen when the War Eagle passed down on Saturday morning. They obtained about $600 in Missouri paper. One of the persons was known to Col. Davenport by the name of Budd, and had been prowling about Rock Island with the others, for four of five weeks. The Col. lived until 9 P.M. on Friday night, when he expired, after having given full particulars of the robbery and murder.' 'By the War Eagle, arrived yesterday, from St. Peters, we learn that about 1 P.M. of the 4th ult. five persons entered the house of Col. Geo. Davenport, on Rock Island, during the absence of his family, and shot him through the thigh, mortally wounding him, and then dragged him through the house, until he told them where his money was, which they took with his watch. They then tied him fast to an easy chair, and left, and had not been seen when the War Eagle passed down on Saturday morning. They obtained about $600 in Missouri paper. One of the persons was known to Col. Davenport by the name of Budd, and had been prowling about Rock Island with the others, for four of five weeks. The Col. lived until 9 P.M. on Friday night, when he expired, after having given full particulars of the robbery and murder.' Another Outrage.— We learn that a man named John Hines was attacked near the West Market last Thursday night, between then and eleven o'clock, by two young men, one of whom fired a pistol at Mr. Hines, and lodged a ball in his arm, which was extracted by Dr. J.F. May. The persons making this attack are not yet discovered. Another Outrage Another Outrage .— We learn that a man named John Hines was attacked near the West Market last Thursday night, between then and eleven o'clock, by two young men, one of whom fired a pistol at Mr. Hines, and lodged a ball in his arm, which was extracted by Dr. J.F. May. The persons making this attack are not yet discovered. Fight with Bowie Knives.— A correspondent of the New-York Herald, under date of Mobile, Ala. June 28, says: Fight with Bowie Knives Fight with Bowie Knives .— A correspondent of the New-York Herald, under date of Mobile, Ala. June 28, says: 'A most bloody affair came off here this morning, about three miles from the city, between two young men; their names are John Bagley, of New-York city, and Leonard Wilson, of Richmond, Va. The dispute arose as follows:— It appears that they crossed blades about a month ago, when they were arrested, and held to bail in the sum of $3000. Bagley left the city for Tuscaloosa, where (with the aid of his late employer,) he embarked in the window shade business, bought a small house and work shop, and a piece of ground, besides two or three negroes. On the 21st of June, Wilson was seen in Tuscaloosa, drinking with some persons, and was heard to say that he would be revenged on Bagley, for some injury that the latter had done him; and on the night of the 22d of June, the work shop, and house, and three negroes, with about 2,000 pair of window shades, were all consumed, and as he was not insured, the loss ruined him. In the course of the day, after the fire, somebody conveyed to Bagley the intelligence of Wilson's arrival at Tuscaloosa, and how he had threatened Bagley, for some injury which he had done to Wilson. Bagley immediately went in quest of Wilson, and found him. Bagley accused him of arson for firing his premises, and he did not denp it; he then gave him his choice, either to go to prison or to fight him; the weapons to be bowie knives. Wilson accepted the challenge, and they met this morning on the Stone street road, and after slashing at one another for about half an hour, in which Wilson was cut piecemeal, his second interfered, and it was ended; Bagley's late employer acted as his second on the occasion. 'A most bloody affair came off here this morning, about three miles from the city, between two young men; their names are John Bagley, of New-York city, and Leonard Wilson, of Richmond, Va. The dispute arose as follows:— It appears that they crossed blades about a month ago, when they were arrested, and held to bail in the sum of $3000. Bagley left the city for Tuscaloosa, where (with the aid of his late employer,) he embarked in the window shade business, bought a small house and work shop, and a piece of ground, besides two or three negroes. On the 21st of June, Wilson was seen in Tuscaloosa, drinking with some persons, and was heard to say that he would be revenged on Bagley, for some injury that the latter had done him; and on the night of the 22d of June, the work shop, and house, and three negroes, with about 2,000 pair of window shades, were all consumed, and as he was not insured, the loss ruined him. In the course of the day, after the fire, somebody conveyed to Bagley the intelligence of Wilson's arrival at Tuscaloosa, and how he had threatened Bagley, for some injury which he had done to Wilson. Bagley immediately went in quest of Wilson, and found him. Bagley accused him of arson for firing his premises, and he did not denp it; he then gave him his choice, either to go to prison or to fight him; the weapons to be bowie knives. Wilson accepted the challenge, and they met this morning on the Stone street road, and after slashing at one another for about half an hour, in which Wilson was cut piecemeal, his second interfered, and it was ended; Bagley's late employer acted as his second on the occasion. P.S. I have since learned that Bagley has left for New-York; also that Wilson has died of the wounds he received in the duel. Bagley, although a northerner, is one on the southern principle, (i.e.) bowie knives, and being an expert fencer, received but a slight wound in the arm, as I am informed.' P.S. I have since learned that Bagley has left for New-York; also that Wilson has died of the wounds he received in the duel. Bagley, although a northerner, is one on the southern principle, (i.e.) bowie knives, and being an expert fencer, received but a slight wound in the arm, as I am informed.' We copy the following from the Caddo (La.) Gazette of the 2d ult.: We copy the following from the Caddo (La.) Gazette of the 2d ult.: 'A few days since, at the town of Jefferson, in Harrison county, Texas, as a man whose name we have not heard, and William Perry, who formerly lived in this place, and William Perry, who formerly lived in this place, and was a house carpenter, were engaged in a fight about a woman, a man named Clark, who we have been informed worked here at one time at the tailoring business, stepped up and shot Perry; which has since resulted in his death. Clark, after the commission of the act, left Jefferson and came to the vicinity of Shreveport. He was immediately pursued by two or more men, captured, and on the way back, taken into a swamp and shot— as rumor goes.' 'A few days since, at the town of Jefferson, in Harrison county, Texas, as a man whose name we have not heard, and William Perry, who formerly lived in this place, and William Perry, who formerly lived in this place, and was a house carpenter, were engaged in a fight about a woman, a man named Clark, who we have been informed worked here at one time at the tailoring business, stepped up and shot Perry; which has since resulted in his death. Clark, after the commission of the act, left Jefferson and came to the vicinity of Shreveport. He was immediately pursued by two or more men, captured, and on the way back, taken into a swamp and shot— as rumor goes.' Outrageous Attack near the Eastern Branch.— We learn that as Mr. Albert B. Berry of Prince George's county, was returning in his buggy from this city to his home last Thursday evening, he was attacked between eight and nine o'clock, not far from the Anacostia bridge, by two men, one of whom struck him on the back of the head with a brickbat or some other missle, which wounded him severely, causing him to lose a great quantity of blood, and left him in a very dangerous condition.— Nat. Intelligencer. Outrageous Attack near the Eastern Branch Outrageous Attack near the Eastern Branch .— We learn that as Mr. Albert B. Berry of Prince George's county, was returning in his buggy from this city to his home last Thursday evening, he was attacked between eight and nine o'clock, not far from the Anacostia bridge, by two men, one of whom struck him on the back of the head with a brickbat or some other missle, which wounded him severely, causing him to lose a great quantity of blood, and left him in a very dangerous condition.— Nat. Intelligencer Nat. Intelligencer . Attempt to Kill.— The Mobile Herald of June 29th, says: Attempt to Kill Attempt to Kill .— The Mobile Herald of June 29th, says: 'On Friday night last, somewhere in the vicinity of Lawrence and Dauphin streets, a man by the name of Lawson Riviere, committed an assault with a knife upon the person of a Mr. Kirkbridge, a carpenter, cutting him across the neck and face very severely. The affray was caused, as we learn, by some discourteous language used by Kirkbride towards the wife of Riviere. Marshal Walker arrested and committed Riviere to the guard house, where he now is.' 'On Friday night last, somewhere in the vicinity of Lawrence and Dauphin streets, a man by the name of Lawson Riviere, committed an assault with a knife upon the person of a Mr. Kirkbridge, a carpenter, cutting him across the neck and face very severely. The affray was caused, as we learn, by some discourteous language used by Kirkbride towards the wife of Riviere. Marshal Walker arrested and committed Riviere to the guard house, where he now is.' Attempt to Poison.— We learn from Mr. Miles Cox, that an attempt was made on the 4th ult. to poison a young lady living at his house, named Virginia Rowe by a black woman named Kitty, belonging to Mr. A. Briggs. It seems that two cakes were given Miss Rowe by Kitty, and upon being advised not to eat them, she omitted to do so. A part of one of them was given to a eat, which died after eating it. The negro woman was arrested and after an examination yesterday, was committed by the Mayor.— Norfolk Beacon. Attempt to Poison Attempt to Poison .— We learn from Mr. Miles Cox, that an attempt was made on the 4th ult. to poison a young lady living at his house, named Virginia Rowe by a black woman named Kitty, belonging to Mr. A. Briggs. It seems that two cakes were given Miss Rowe by Kitty, and upon being advised not to eat them, she omitted to do so. A part of one of them was given to a eat, which died after eating it. The negro woman was arrested and after an examination yesterday, was committed by the Mayor.— Norfolk Beacon Norfolk Beacon . Lawless proceedings in Missouri.— The St. Louis Republican says: Lawless proceedings in Missouri Lawless proceedings in Missouri .— The St. Louis Republican says: Lest spring, we noticed a neighborhood difficulty a Scott county in which a party of men tins, Anderson, Morris, and others, were charges with burning the houses, stacks, &c. and doing other injuries to a man named Lane. The neighbors collected, and caught several of the persons charged, lynched them, and ordered them to leave the county, which they did. Lest spring, we noticed a neighborhood difficulty a Scott county in which a party of men tins, Anderson, Morris, and others, were charges with burning the houses, stacks, &c. and doing other injuries to a man named Lane. The neighbors collected, and caught several of the persons charged, lynched them, and ordered them to leave the county, which they did. A few days ago, the persons who had been driven away, returned, and, as we hear, rallied a considerable party— our informant says from forty to fifty men— all of whom were armed, and avowed their determination to drive out or be revenged on Lane, and those who had assisted to lynch or drive them away. On the other side, the Lane party were somewhat stronger. We are told that about twenty armed men went down on Saturday last from Commerce, to assist Lane's party. A few days ago, the persons who had been driven away, returned, and, as we hear, rallied a considerable party— our informant says from forty to fifty men— all of whom were armed, and avowed their determination to drive out or be revenged on Lane, and those who had assisted to lynch or drive them away. On the other side, the Lane party were somewhat stronger. We are told that about twenty armed men went down on Saturday last from Commerce, to assist Lane's party. An additional number were expected from the neighborhood of Wolf Island, and lower part of the county. In all, it was supposed that Lane's party would amount to upwards of one hundred mea. It seemed to be the determination of both sides not to yield, and if they adhere to it, a conflict will be unavoidable. An additional number were expected from the neighborhood of Wolf Island, and lower part of the county. In all, it was supposed that Lane's party would amount to upwards of one hundred mea. It seemed to be the determination of both sides not to yield, and if they adhere to it, a conflict will be unavoidable. In a rencontre between two boatmen yesterday, on the levee, one of them named Donavan, was severely stabbed, and his opponent, Flinn, had his head badly battered by a rock. Both are dangerously wounded.— St. Louis Repub. July 16. In a rencontre between two boatmen yesterday, on the levee, one of them named Donavan, was severely stabbed, and his opponent, Flinn, had his head badly battered by a rock. Both are dangerously wounded.— St. Louis Repub. July St. Louis Repub. July 16. Shooting in Arkansas.— The Little Rock Gazette of the 7th instant, speaking of the Hot Springs in that State, says: Shooting in Arkansas Shooting in Arkansas .— The Little Rock Gazette of the 7th instant, speaking of the Hot Springs in that State, says: It seems that Mr. Hale, who entertains visiters at the Springs had rented a room several months ago to a Mr. Reagan, for a specified time, at the end of which it was to be given up. When the time expired, it was demanded, but the lodger refused, saying he had rented it for a longer time, feeling assured that, by the slow process of law, he could not be ejected the premises before the sickly season was over. Mr. Hale was naturally enough enraged at this, and had been 'chewing the cud of disappointment' for eight or ten days, when he heard that Reagan had agreed to underlet the cabin in dispute to a big Missourian, who was sojourneying at the Springs. Deeming this a good chance to get possession of his own, in the speediest way possible, he resolved, after Reagan had moved his property, to make room for the Missourian to occupy it at once, and before any one else could fairly get installed. While doing this, he met with Reagan and the Missourian. A rencontre ensued. Reagan shot Hale in the face with a shot gun, one of the shot taking effect just above the eye, and producing a serious wound. A son of Mr. Hale, seeing his father fired upon, rushed out with a double-barreled gun and fired at Reagan, tearing one of his hands very badly; whereupon the Missourian drew forth a brace of pistols and a bowie-knife, and was handing them to Reagan, when the young man immediately discharged the other barrel at the Missourian, hitting him in the shoulder, just above the breast. He then started after his rifle, but a stop was put to further violence by the interference of others. It seems that Mr. Hale, who entertains visiters at the Springs had rented a room several months ago to a Mr. Reagan, for a specified time, at the end of which it was to be given up. When the time expired, it was demanded, but the lodger refused, saying he had rented it for a longer time, feeling assured that, by the slow process of law, he could not be ejected the premises before the sickly season was over. Mr. Hale was naturally enough enraged at this, and had been 'chewing the cud of disappointment' for eight or ten days, when he heard that Reagan had agreed to underlet the cabin in dispute to a big Missourian, who was sojourneying at the Springs. Deeming this a good chance to get possession of his own, in the speediest way possible, he resolved, after Reagan had moved his property, to make room for the Missourian to occupy it at once, and before any one else could fairly get installed. While doing this, he met with Reagan and the Missourian. A rencontre ensued. Reagan shot Hale in the face with a shot gun, one of the shot taking effect just above the eye, and producing a serious wound. A son of Mr. Hale, seeing his father fired upon, rushed out with a double-barreled gun and fired at Reagan, tearing one of his hands very badly; whereupon the Missourian drew forth a brace of pistols and a bowie-knife, and was handing them to Reagan, when the young man immediately discharged the other barrel at the Missourian, hitting him in the shoulder, just above the breast. He then started after his rifle, but a stop was put to further violence by the interference of others. At the last accounts, Mr. Hale had become delirious, and his life was despaired of; the Missourian had received a dreadful wound, which would likely destroy the use of his arm for life, if no worse; and Reagan's hand was so shattered, that he will have to lose several of his fingers, if not his entire hand. At the last accounts, Mr. Hale had become delirious, and his life was despaired of; the Missourian had received a dreadful wound, which would likely destroy the use of his arm for life, if no worse; and Reagan's hand was so shattered, that he will have to lose several of his fingers, if not his entire hand. Murder.— Three miles above Westport, on Sunday night, a man by the name of Moses Tristler was shot, and died soon after. He declared several times while dying, that he was shot by a woman called Martha Green. She had some time previous threatened to take his life. Tristler received in his abdomen a bullet and twenty-five shot.— Louisville Jour. Murder Murder .— Three miles above Westport, on Sunday night, a man by the name of Moses Tristler was shot, and died soon after. He declared several times while dying, that he was shot by a woman called Martha Green. She had some time previous threatened to take his life. Tristler received in his abdomen a bullet and twenty-five shot.— Louisville Jour Louisville Jour . 

 DEDICATED to Frederick Douglass and other Fugitives, by Jesse Hutchinson, Jr. Also, 'Get off the Track,' and the various other Songs of the Hutchinsons. For sale by BELA MARSH, DEDICATED to Frederick Douglass and other Fugitives, by Jesse Hutchinson, Jr. Also, 'Get off the Track,' and the various other Songs of the Hutchinsons. For sale by BELA MARSH, June 6 June 6 No. 25 Cornhill. No. 25 Cornhill. 

 JUST published, in a pamphlet form of 18 pages 18 mo., Public Worship, by Charles K. Whipple. Price $1 25 per hundred, 20 cts. per doz. For sale by BELA MARSH, 25 Cornhill. JUST published, in a pamphlet form of 18 pages 18 mo., Public Worship, by Charles K. Whipple. Price $1 25 per hundred, 20 cts. per doz. For sale by BELA MARSH, 25 Cornhill. Also, the Views of Archbishop Whately, of Dublin, on the Sabbath Question. Also, the Views of Archbishop Whately, of Dublin, on the Sabbath Question. April 4. April 4. tf. tf. 

 THE NUBIAN SLAVE: A series of seven Designs drawn on stone, with intermediate pages being occupied by a Poem, which by uniting the scenes preserves the unity of history. Designed by Charles C. Green. Bound together in book form. For sale by BELA MARSH, No. 25 Cornhill. THE NUBIAN SLAVE: A series of seven Designs drawn on stone, with intermediate pages being occupied by a Poem, which by uniting the scenes preserves the unity of history. Designed by Charles C. Green. Bound together in book form. For sale by BELA MARSH, No. 25 Cornhill. May 30 May 30 tf. tf. 

 INFORMS his friends and customers, that he has removed from No. 8 Brattle-street, to INFORMS his friends and customers, that he has removed from No. 8 Brattle-street, to Where he continues his same line of business with an addition, viz: Where he continues his same line of business with an addition, viz: Cut and made in the neatest and most fashionable style. He has also taken considerable pains to select A FIRST RATE CUTTER, who will give his attention to cutting only. He has selected an assortment of the most fashionable CLOTHS, viz: Broadcloths, Cassimeres, Doeskins, Tweeds, as well as VESTINGS of the latest style, all of which he will make up in the most fashionable style and on reasonable terms, and will take GENTLEMEN'S OFFCAST GARMENTS in pay, or part pay. Cut and made in the neatest and most fashionable style. He has also taken considerable pains to select A FIRST RATE CUTTER, who will give his attention to cutting only. He has selected an assortment of the most fashionable CLOTHS, viz: Broadcloths, Cassimeres, Doeskins, Tweeds, as well as VESTINGS of the latest style, all of which he will make up in the most fashionable style and on reasonable terms, and will take GENTLEMEN'S OFFCAST GARMENTS in pay, or part pay. Please give him a call, if you wish to be used well and get the worth of your money. Please give him a call, if you wish to be used well and get the worth of your money. J.P. COBURN would furthermore inform the public, that he has made extensive arrangements, and is prepared to execute any amount of Clothing in the above line. J.P. COBURN would furthermore inform the public, that he has made extensive arrangements, and is prepared to execute any amount of Clothing in the above line. The highest price paid for Gentlemen's off cast Garments. Also, clothing cleaned and repaired in the neatest and most through manner, at short notice. The highest price paid for Gentlemen's off cast Garments. Also, clothing cleaned and repaired in the neatest and most through manner, at short notice. 

 THIS incomparable Soap is recommended for CLEANSING CLOTHES, removing spots of grease, tar, paint, pitch, &c. It is also good for removing pimples, &c., from the face by one or two applications. THIS incomparable Soap is recommended for CLEANSING CLOTHES, removing spots of grease, tar, paint, pitch, &c. It is also good for removing pimples, &c., from the face by one or two applications. The subscriber having been in the Clothes Cleaning business for eight or ten years, confidently offers the above article to the public, having by repeated experiment found it of never-failing efficacy. It is not one of those things which require constant puffing, and an exhibition of endless certificates, (easily obtained,) to make it sell. No article has ever yet been manufactured that could compete with this in what it professes to do, and it only requires to be used to convince the most incredulous of its wonderful effects. The subscriber having been in the Clothes Cleaning business for eight or ten years, confidently offers the above article to the public, having by repeated experiment found it of never-failing efficacy. It is not one of those things which require constant puffing, and an exhibition of endless certificates, (easily obtained,) to make it sell. No article has ever yet been manufactured that could compete with this in what it professes to do, and it only requires to be used to convince the most incredulous of its wonderful effects. Agents.— A.G. Tucker, Manchester, N.H.; John Levi, corner Merrimack and Bridge-st., Lowell. Agents Agents .— A.G. Tucker, Manchester, N.H.; John Levi, corner Merrimack and Bridge-st., Lowell. Price 25 cents. Liberal deductions made to these buying to sell again. Price 25 cents. Liberal deductions made to these buying to sell again. ly ly June 6 June 6 

 WHERE may be found a general assortment of FURNITURE and FEATHERS, at all prices, to suit all, and at low prices too for the quality, for cash or on credit. Purchasers are requested to call before purchasing elsewhere. WHERE may be found a general assortment of FURNITURE and FEATHERS, at all prices, to suit all, and at low prices too for the quality, for cash or on credit. Purchasers are requested to call before purchasing elsewhere. C.W. BRABROOK. C.W. BRABROOK. N.B. The first price is the only price, excepts small discount for cash. N.B. The first price is the only price, excepts small discount for cash. March 14. March 14. 

 NEW-HAMPSHIRE.— Leonard Chase, Milford. NEW-HAMPSHIRE.— Leonard Chase, Milford Milford . VERMONT.— Rowland T. Robinson, North Ferris burg. VERMONT.— Rowland T. Robinson, North Ferris burg North Ferris burg . MASSACHUSETTS.— John Levy, Lowell;— R. & J. Adams, Fall River;— Isaac Austin, Nantucket,— Elias Richards, Weymouth;— George W. Benson, Northampton. MASSACHUSETTS.— John Levy, Lowell; Lowell; — R. & J. Adams, Fall River Fall River ;— Isaac Austin, Nantucket,— Elias Richards, Weymouth Nantucket,— Elias Richards, Weymouth ;— George W. Benson, Northampton. Northampton. RHODE-Island.— Amarancy Paine, Providence;— William Adams, Pawtucket. RHODE-Island.— RHODE-Island.— Amarancy Paine, Providence;— William Adams, Pawtucket Paine, Providence;— William Adams, Pawtucket . NEW-YORK.— S.H. Gay, New-York City; Jams C. Fuller, Skanecateles;— Thomas McClintock, Waterloo;— John H. Parker, Peru. NEW-YORK.— S.H. Gay, New-York City New-York City ; Jams C. Fuller, Skanecateles Skanecateles ;— Thomas McClintock, Waterloo;— John H. Parker, Peru. PENNSYLVANIA.— M. Preston, West Grove;— James Fulton, Jr., Mc Williamstown;— Thomas Hambleton, Russellville;— B. Kent, Andrew's Bridges;— John Cox, Homorton;— James M. M'Kim, Philadelphia; JOSEPH FULTON, Penningtonville. PENNSYLVANIA.— M. Preston, West Grove;— James Fulton, Jr., Mc Williamstown West Grove;— James Fulton, Jr., Mc Williamstown ;— Thomas Hambleton, Russellville Russellville ;— B. Kent, Andrew's Bridges Andrew's Bridges ;— John Cox, Homorton Homorton ;— James M. M'Kim, Philadelphia Philadelphia ; JOSEPH FULTON, Penningtonville Penningtonville . OHIO.— Lot Holmes, Columbiana OHIO.— Lot Holmes, Columbiana Columbiana 

