 ANNUAL MEETING. The time for holding the annual meeting of the American Anti-Slavery Societyin New-York is at hand. Let none of its members orfriends deem their presence of no consequence, butlet them make every exertion to attend, by the pledgeswhich they have taken upon their lips, and by theirregard for the glorious cause in which they are enlisted. If our editorial brethren would notice thetime and place of the meeting, we should be mosthappy to reciprocate the favor at any time. NNUAL EETING. 

 At last, they have murdered her! The NewOrleansPicayune, of :he 30th ult., announces themurder. For a year, she has been on the doom-book,waiting, and now she has passed away from it, murderedby Louisiana law, said to be executed. Shewaited through that year of sorrow till her offspringshould be born ; then, when the parent's affectionswere born in her soul with the birth of her child, andall nature in her cried for life to fulfil loves and duties,they murdered her, and left her baby alone, orphanedby the law, calling itself the executor of God's justice.shall not the cry of that orphan shake the throne ofthe Almighty? Man need not imprecate a curseupon the State that has done this thing, nor ask a woupon it. It is accursed, the wo is upon it, withoutthe asking, and clings to it as fate. Pauline was, by the law and morality of Louisiana,a slave ; born probably the child of lust, sold by thelaw which murdered her, as clay into the hands ofthe adulterous potter, her master. He exalted her tothe eminence of mistress of his affections, over theunhappy white partner whom he called his legalwife ; and Pauline, proud of her evil exaltation, theonly eminence her lot there knows, the only point ofaspiration her condition of life there allows her, theaccepted slave of her master's illicit love, lifted up herhand to smite the legal wife, her mistress. And forthis, Louisiana law doomed her to be murdered, andcalled it the execution of justice! She was quickwith child by her adulterer ; and by a horrible mercy,the law spared her a year, till the fruit of her bodyshould ripen and fall, and then cut down the tree.They say she was firm, and died in the Catholic faith.She struggled for some time after her suspension,the fall not sufficing to dislocate her neck. In whatfaith do they line, who do such things? Where is the husband of that smitten white wife,the father of that orphaned child? He owned themother by the law of the State, which, havingfirst sold her to his will, murdered her for the naturalconsequence which followed, pride which despisedher lord's rejected wife, and knocked the unhappymistress in the home, and lifted up her hand to smiteher. The law of Louisiana hangs its Hangars, andsends them away ; but the angel of the Lord shallsurely meet them in the land toward which they go.Where is that adulterants husband, father of the orphan? His child, the child of Pauline, waitedfor by the mother with pangs such as no other heartcan know, whose birth into the light of life was todeliver the mother over to the hand of the executioner—that orphan claims him for its father, and naturalprotector—,O, help me ; love me ;she is gone ; herbreasts full of milk, her heart streaming with newaffections, she whom God gave me for my mother!'and the same law which waited till the child shouldbe born before it murdered the mother, dooms thechild its father's slave. The child follows the contion of the mother. The mother was the adulterer'sslave; the child, his child, shall be his slave; shallgroan under the lash, if it be born a man-child; shallbe sold, like the mother, to lust, if it be a woman-child.the same law which murdered its mother, makes thatits fate on the earth. 'Let not child be born a girl,for very sad is the life of a woman!' This the AlmightyFather's car most often hears, from the landwhich dooms His dusky daughters to be Hagars, andthen hangs them. The child follows the contion of the mother. 'Let not child be born a girl,for very sad is the life of a woman!' Louisiana law, the law of one of our sister Statesin this Christian republic, condemns to death a femaleslave, the object of her master's criminal love,because, instigated by him, she oppressed his wife,her mistress. Because the slave was quick with child,the law reprieved the sentence a dreadful year, tillthe babe should be born, and then murdered her by apublic execution on the gallows, leaving the babemotherless, the slave of its own father! — 'O heaven!O earth! And shall I couple bell?' B 

 In the last number of the Liberator, we laidbefore our readers the strong and excellent Protestagainst American Slavery, signed by the formidablenumber of THREE HUNDRED AND THREEUniversalist Ministers in the United States. Belowis a synopsis of the reasons for not signing the Pro-test of those ministers of that denominationwho declined appending their names to it. This de-partment of our paper has never contained as articlemore decidedly 'rich.' 'rich.' The language of the Resolution which originatedthe Protest in reference to the duty of the Commit-tee,is,— They shall publish the Protest and Signa-tures, with the reasons offered by those who do notsign it.' It was not, therefore, contemplated to pub-lish the names of those who might vindicate the in-stitution of Slavery, or object to the measure adopt-ed; and not a name of this class would have beenknown, had not individuals seen fit to address theCommittee through periodicals, rather than by thecourse contemplated , that of private letters. Theremarks which have been made, charging upon theoriginators of the protest a design to hold up topublic odium those brethren who might be found todiffer from them, were entirely gratuitous, and sa-vored not in the least of true tolerance, or thatcharity t ht 'thinkith no evil.' And so also withthe strong declamation in respect to the movementbeing political, in direct violation of the preface ofthe Protest itself, which professes only the addingof something to the moral power that is creating adeep horror at the monstrous wrongs of Slavery,and that shall gather strength and greatness till hu-man nature cannot withstand the majesty of thedemand to 'let the oppressed go free." It such amovement is political, it is the politics of Christian-ity, that can not be set aside by him who regardsthe rights of humanity as older than charters andbills of sale, and who, as a minister of Christ, mustpreach the duties, as well as the doctrines of Chris-tianity—what is to be done, as well as what is tobe believed. The fears expressed concerning thetendency of the movement to produce is separationin the denomination, in like manner as the questionof Slavery has separated other ecclesiastical bodies,have been by overlooking two facts—first, the Protest emanated from a Mass Meeting,and not from a Convention or Association, and istherefore a different matter from a document origin-ating with a regularly constituted denominationalConvention or Association. And, second, if thereis a tendency in this movement to separate us, assimilar matters have separated Conventions, it willonly show that our boasts of possessing a better re-ligion, a more affectionate and fraternal faith, onlycondemn ourselves for doing as others, with a lessliberal and Christianizing creed, have done. 'Unionis strength,' but only where purity is the bindingprinciple, and tolerance is the test of faith. preface doctrines A large pamphlet would be required to publishthe letters entire as received, but many of them dobut repeat the ideas of others, and it is thought bestto give a general synopsis, whereby the reasons ofthe several writers will be concisely given. In afew cases, the whole letter may be published, forthe singularity of the reasons offered against theProtest. Justice will be attempted in reference tothe whole matter, and no misrepresentation shalloccur which care can possibly prevent. (1) Refusal to sign the Protest is made,— 1. Because Slavery has existed from time imme-morial, and belongs to the essential order of things. Protest, are not defined. defined. 3. Becasue the whole matter of Slavery is a po-litical question, with which we have nothing to do. 4. Because foreign influence has been exertedto foment difficulties between the States, and theAnti-Slavery movement originated with foreigners,who would destroy the Republic by aiming to de-stroy of union between the States. 5.Because the condition of the Slaves is betterhere than that of the Africans, or the lower classesin all other nations. 6. Becasue the evils of Slavery were entailedby the mother country upon the Colonies, againsttheir will and the inheriting States must bear withthe evil, as remediable. 7. Because of the example of Jesus, who didnot protest against Slavery that existed in his day. 8. Because of the golden rule,—If we held slavein accordance with law, we should not wish othersto interfere with the enjoyment of our rights. 9. Becasue of the Protest may kindle fires of dis-cord in the Denomination, that will burn till charityis all consumed, and dismemberment ensues. 10. Because the instances of divisions in otherdenominations, from the introduction of the Slaveryquestion, should be a warning to us to desist frommeddling with the matter. 11. Becausethe reasons which will justify thisProtest, will justify the issuing of one against allevils, and we should have them without number, ifwe carried out the principle. 12. Because it is designed as a test, to expose toodium and those who do not sign it.  13. Because the Apostles left no protests againstSlavery, but, on the contrary, gave full instructionsto slaves to be obedient. 14. Because the assertion in the Protest, in ref-erence, to no one having a right to own his fellow-being, is opposed to the parental and matrimonialrelations. 15. Because all interference with the conditionof the slaves only serves to increase the evils oftheir situation. The laws against permitting themto learn and write, had their origin in suchinterference.  16. Because the Slaves cannot be benefited byfreedom, but must ever be reduced below the whites,for the two races can never live in peace on theground of equality : and while they are in the samecountry, the one will be master of the other. 17. Because the crusade against Slavery over-looks the wants of society around us, and in beingbusy with the mote in our brother's eye, we forgetthe beam that is in our own eye. 18. Because the amelioration of the Slaves de-pends on the spread of the spirit of the gospel,and ministers cannot preach the gospel, if they areknown to be favorable to the protest; it will shutthem out from the South, and destroy all our influ-ence there.  19. Because the Protest savors too much of mod-ern Abolitionism, and goes against chartered rightsand privileges.  20. Because it has a tendency to unchristiazemy brother at the South—the slaveholder. 21. Because it is impolitic.  22. Because it will separate Universalists, andgive rise to a distinct body west of the Mountains.  23. Because Abolitionism has no piety, but ismere partyism, with selfish aims.  24. Because if Slavery is abolished, there willbe 20,000 paupers to each State in the Union, ifall have their share. 25. Because a severe direct taxation would befelt if the two millions of slaves were let loose, in or-der to prepare and furnish means to defend com-munities against them. 26. Because ministers are bound to live at peacewith all men and this movement will have a ten-dency to alienate the feelings of some, so that wecan do them no good. 27. Because our duty is to preach thegospel—and pray that all may become its true disciples. (1) These appropriate introductory remarks are byHENRY BACON, in behalf of the Committee.—Ed. Lib28. Because no good can arise from simply aprotest; it is utterly useless.29. Because the signing of it would immediatelyterminate my influence in this ( a Southern) cityand State, and Universalism is of more consequencethan the protest.30. Because I cannot subscribe to all the sentimentsof the protest.31. Because nobody has authority to ask for mysignature—I do not recognize nor concede the rightor business of any man or body of men to coerce orconx me to sign the Protest.32. Because we are all slaves—some to pride,some to appetite, some to passions, &c.33. Because the slaves at the South are betteroff, in every respect, than the free blacks at thenorth, and generally enjoy more of the comfort of life.34. Because slavery is not a religious, but a civ-il institution.35. Because the Protest emanated from an irresponsiblemooting, where action was taken withoutany delegated authority.36. Because it will be a very unwise and imprudentstep for us, as a denomination, to take, tocommence the discussion and agitation of this intricateand differently viewed subject.37. Because we have all that we can do, as ministersof the gospel, to discuss matters and subjectsregarding our slaves at home. Those that suffermost, bound in the strongest chains, and kept inthe darkest prisons, should engage our sympathyand be liberated first. Ed. Lib Two brief letters will now be given entire:— I. 'I decline. My reasons are, to be brief,—1.Because Slavery existed in the days of the Patriarchsand Prophets.2. Because it is sanctioned in the Old Testament.3. Because it is nowhere condemned in the Bible.4. Because, 'what God reveals,' his quite enoughto know." existed sanctioned condemned II ' As God works all things after the council of hisown will, he has permitted the blacks to be enslavedby the American people, and works that Slaveryaccording to his will. And has not influenced me toact in the matter—and, my not being a free agent,I cannot sign your Circular. 

 'THE END OF THE WORLD.' We have been toSee Amelli's great original painting, 'The End of theWorld,'or, Opening of the Sixth Seal, and we pronounceit powerful in conception, and extraordinaryin point of artistical genius and skill. The prominentfigures look more like sculptured statues, or ratherlike life itself, than painted objects. Every thingabout it is managed with consummate effect. We seenothing left for criticism. In New-York, it was visitedby 15,000 persons ; in Philadelphia, by 27,000;and the newspapers of both cities were unanimous inawarding to it the highest praise. Whoever sees itonce, it he has any taste or reflection, will want tosee it many times. It is exhibiting in the HorticulturalHall, School-street. Admittance— 25 cents. Goand see it HE ND OF THE ORLD.' 

 HAWICE, TRVIOTDALE, March 8, 1846. AWICE RVIOTDALE DEAR FRIEND : EAR RIEND It is first day. I stay in my house till 7—then Imust go and lecture on Non-Resistance, though so and sore in my lungs, by reason of a cold, thatI can hardly speak aloud. This town has 6000 inhabitants—lies on the river Teviot, in Teviotdale, 50miles south of Edinbargh, 90 miles from the jnnationof the Teviot and Tweed, and near the border betweenEngland and Scotland. I lecture here fourtimes—twice on Slavery and Free Church. I canspend this day no better than to copy for you the following. It speaks for itself.  PERTH, Jan. 26,1846. ERTH DEAR MR. WRIGHT : EAR R. RIGHT I have read your pamphlet on the 'DISSOLUTIONOF THE AMERICAN UNION.' So bideous does slaveryappear, as there represented, and so diabolical arethe sentiments of men whom I have hitherto beenaccustomed to view as the noble, the wise, and thegood of the world, the very 'salt of the earth,' and soamazingly absurd and inconsistent the vauntings ofAmerican republicanism and liberty, while one sixthof the population is held in the most abject slaveryby these vaunters and boasters of freedom, that Ireally know not what to think — such has been theperturbation of mind which the revelations of thepamphlet have occasioned within me. The Americanpeople and Constitution seem to me to form themost perfect anomaly which history has ever recorded. How slavery can find any sympathy in thosewho have declared so much about independence andfreedom is to me incomprehensible. How piety canexist and revivals of religion take place amid suchawful corruption and inhumanity, is really incredible.But for slavery, I believe America might be the firstnation on the earth ; but for slavery, I believe her reformatoryinfluence might be felt and obeyed by everycivilized power; but for slavery, I believe ourfellow men in America might prove the most triumphantharbingers, and the most successful and undauntedlaborers in the cause of morals and religionslavery is the bane—the worm of corruption at theroot of the social system of America, and until it isremoved, it is utterly impossible that that countrycan make any advancement. ISSOLUTIONOF THE MERICAN NION. declared It grieves me to think that men, holding the officeof Christian ministers, should give the wicked causeto praise them, and be found associated with the vilestof human kind. But, however trying to my feelingsit may be to abandon as the most savage beings,men who rank high as senators, judges, doctors ofdivinity, and the like, yet the truth must be spokenI would not, dare not, keep back one single iota ofthe truth. I pronounce slavery wrong, impious, brutalizing,damnable, with circumstances I have nought to do.let every man act as in the sight of God , and therewill be no supposed mitigating circumstances in thecase. Those men are blind, willingly and knowinglyblind, who affirm the impossibility or impracticabilityof abolition. The method of acting with slaveryshould be the same as was and is done with drunkenness, drunkards, and drunkard-makers. Social customwas strong for the latter; but some one had tobegin, to become singular, to endure obloquy and persection, before the tide of public opinion waschanged, and the 'Alcoholic' trade was pronouncedinfamous. So must it be with slavery. Shallowprelences for the love of peace and unity in thechurches; ideas of delicacy and difficulty in dealingwith deacons, ministers and others ; fears for politicaldisturbances and riots and bloodshed, &c.—this is nonsense.  Well, a goodly number have declared a war of extirpationagainst American Slavery, and it only requiresthat men act individually, and there will beformed one overwhelming and all powerful phalanx,which shall make ' a strong pull, a long pull, anda pull altogether,' and we will bring this iniquitoussystem to naught and consign it to everlasting oblivion. I am, with best wishes and respects, Your sincere friend, JAMES MILLER RCHARD RVIOTBALE DEAR GARRISON : EAR ARRISON The following is from the minister of —a town near the junction of the Earn with the said to have been founded in 456. The calders oncehad a University here. It was the capital of thePietish kingdom—now a pretty little village, abouteight miles below Perth.   Earn  calders ABBANLTRY, Jan. 6, 1846. BBANLTRY Dear brother in the common cause of Freedom: Thanks, hearty and unfeigned, for the pamphlets.I have read them, especially the one on the 'Di-lution of the American Union. I most confess thattill now, I was very ignorant of the condition of theunited States, its internal government, and the basicof its confederacy. I had not conceived that such anamount of injustice was in wrought in its Constitution—that each State was linked to another by blood androbbery,and maintained and defended by might andtyranny. And all this by churches and ministerscalling themselves Christians!  Did I believe that any state, system or governmentwas placed beyond the influence of public opinion,or the vengeance of a just and an omniscient God,I could only regard your exertions as stark madnessmore worthy of pity than contempt. But believingas I do, that the United States of America, strongand powerful though she be, fortified and entrenchedby wealth, arms, prejudices and passions of bad men,and a time-serving priesthood, yet that government,them states, and their boasted confederation, are assailableand vulnerable. The progress of publicopinion, the force of truth, the power of reason, andthe omni potency of religion, shall soon, by the blessingof God, break them asunder, and dash them inpieces. publicopinion truth, the power of reason religion And the dismemberment of these States may benearer than we think. America contains within herown bosom elements sufficient, at no distant hour, toaccomplish her destruction—to do all, in short,that the friends of freedom could desire. Justice,right and truth are progressing. 'Great is the truth,and it shall prevail.' But because we see these signsof the times, and are certain of a successful issue tothe great and glorious cause, the friends of libertyare by no means to slack their hands, or cease theirefforts, but rather, by more united exertions, help tobastes their brethren's emancipation. to do all, in short,that the friends of freedom could desire. Whether, then, your noble efforts be directedagainst the unholy union of those States, which underthe name and guise of Liberty, tramples uponher sacred rights and laws, or whether directedagainst the effects of that ungodly compact, in detail,may God prosper your philanthropic endeavors. Thework is great and good. I am proud to have it in mypower to may a word of encouragement to any oneconnected with the cause, and more especially to theable champion of the stolen man's rights. Should you ever visit this locality, I shall be happyif you would consider my house your home whileyou may remain. Excuse me for sending the enclosedcontribution. My dear brother, yours very faithfully A. POLLOCK BLACK. 

 ODD FELLOWSHIP. A defence of this secret institutionmay be found on our last page. The extravaganceof panegyric by which it is characterized almostseems like keen satire, through it is not so intended. We have no space for lift for criticism in ourpresent crowded number. DD ELLOWSHIP. ☞The next meeting of the Boston Anti-SlaverySewing Circle will be on Thursday afternoon, May7,at Miss Sargeant's, 8 Poplar-street. 

 Kilso, Tweeddale, March 14, 1846. DEAR GARRISON : EAR ARRISON This is a sweet town, of 6000 inhabitants, on theleft bank of the Tweed, near the entrance of theTeviot into it, 50 miles up the river from Berwick.at the South are the Cheviot hills—to the Northwest and West, the Eldon and Minto hills. Nearby is Ednem, where Thomson, author of the 'Seasons,' was born. In Kelso are the remains of an oldabbey ; built by the Saxons, 'a long, long time ago,'where monks played off their tom-foolery in the shapeof holy prayers, holy confessions, holy songs, holybowings, holy kneelings, holy crossings, and all sortsof holy rites and forms ; no more acceptable to Himwho is a Spirit, than the shouts and dances aroundMoloch. A little above the town is Roxburgh Castle,where kings and queens, 700 years ago, played withkingdoms as boys do with marbles. There are lotsof interesting place and things in and about Melon;but I cannot mind them now. I had rather send thefollowing extract from a letter, written by a dear,noble man, the friend of the people, and a minister,a son of the Rev. Dr. Carpenter, of Bristol, knownand justly loved by thousands in this kingdom. holy prayers, holy confessions, holy songs, holybowings, holy kneelings, holy crossings, holy STAND, January 16, 1846. TAND  DEAR HERRY: EAR ERRY: A hungry man does not quarrel with a quarter ofa round of bread because it is not a loaf; andI was delighted to get even that little line. Youought not to be among those cold, bleak Grampiansat this time of the year. You ought to be at mymother's, in the South, or down here with us. Youspeak from experience of the wearing life of anApostle ; and as yours in  anything but an ironconstitution, you have no right to throw away whatstrength you have yet remaining. Susan and I willbe delighted to see you here any time, for as long oras short a time as you can.  You ask my opinion of the AMERICAN UNION,in its relation to slavery, as developed in your Dinolotionpamphlet. I must say, I was amused when Iread it, and thought of it. I was quite unpreparedfor the strength of pro-slavery influence in theunion. We, in this country, are accustomed to considerthe United States a free government—morefree than our own ; but it appears that it is so formedas to perpetuate slavery. It seems grossly incensestent, that, after fighting to throw off the yoke ofwood, which England had fixed, they should turnround and rivet the yoke of iron on a large portion oftheir own population. If they had distinctly spokenof slaves, I should have had a higher idea of theirconsistency ; but the evasive expressions you quote,seem to show that they knew they were doing wrong.henceforth, I shall not think so highly of WASHINGTON, and the rest, whom we have been trainedto admire as the patterns of Christian slaveholders. It is often said, both in England and America, thatwe English are nearly as bad, in consequence of ouraristocratic influence, and the condition of our workingpopulation. But I never met an English laborer,however much oppressed, who wished to be an Americanslave. Cruel enough are they sometimes in England, but I believe English blood would always shudderat selling humanity like horse-flesh, and breedingtheir own sons and daughters for bondage. Yet themmen are your governors, and Christians ! Such astate of things makes republication a by-word andscoff : and yet the Americans crow over on becauseof our aristocracy ! We are bad enough : we denythe right of voting to the poor: but to add theirvotes ( or three-fifth of them) to the masters is aconsummation of tyranny which I could hardly havebelieved. I am not politician enough to decide onthe propriety of dissolving either the American orthe British Union; but that the Free States are nowtrampled upon, and that the American Government,so far from being a model to the world, is really atyrannical and humanity-crushing alliance, seems tome plain. It makes me shudder to see such fearfulevils. Nothing but faith in Christianity could supportme. But war and slavery are doomed. It isonly the food that can live humanity horse-flesh Thinks ever, PHILIP P. CARPENTER. H.C. WRIGHT 

 MARRIED— In this city, on Monday evening last,By Rev. James Freeman Clarke, Mr. Robert Morris,Jr., to Miss Catharine H. Mason, both of this city. ☞It was our privilege to be at the marriage celebrationof this worthy young couple, and a verypleasant occasion it was to all who were present. Ittook place at the residence of our much esteemedfriend ELLIS GRAY LORING, in Winter-street, andwas conducted with an elegance and simplicity, equallycharming and appropriate. We trust he will excuseus for stating some of the particulars of this interestingcase. Mr. Morris is a young colored man,whom some ten years since, Mr. Loring kindly tookinto his service, and for several years employed inhis office in the capacity of a clerk or secretary. Byhis respectful and polished personal address, his remarkableproficiency in his calling, his uniform uprightnessof conduct, his faithful and unwearied applacation, his growing intelligence and active talents,he has long deserved and justly won the respect andfriendship of all his acquaintance, and of many highlyrespected citizens. By Mr. and Mrs. LORING, hehas been treated almost with the affection of a son,and their solicude and generosity have been amplyrecompensed by his good behaviour. JAMES FREEMAN CLARKE officiated on the occasion, in uniting theIn parties a lawful way, and by his manner andcountenance seemed greatly to enjoy the scene.—among those who were present, in hearty good willand as a token of their personal respect,—not as aWere the Hon. JOSIAM QUINCY, the mayor of the city,(under whose observation Mr. Morris has long beenclosely placed,) the HON. JAMES SSAVAORand his lady,(in whose service the bride was formerly engaged,)GILMAR DAVIS, Esq., JOHN G. KING and lady,En-MUNS L. BINSON, formerly of Germany, and nowa resident of New-York, a most amiable man, and ourbeloved friend FRANCIS JACKSON. Altogether, it wasa novel and delightful spectacle. We were requestedto say a few words, but utterly failed to convey whatwe felt, or to express what we desired to say. Theplace in which we stood—the brilliancy of the scene—the fact that the wedded couple were identified incomplexion with a race, for centuries 'peeled, metdout, and trodden under foot, millions of whom arestill kept in the galling chains of slavery, and few ofwhom have been allowed any opportunity to developtheir intellectual powers—the presence of such witnesses, with such sincerity and good will—the takenbefore us of the certain triumph of right over wrong,of virtue and merit over all opposing obstacles, of theultimate banishment of an unnatural and vulgar prejudicefrom the land and the world, of the restoration ofall who are enslaved to their just right—the remembranceof the noble part which Mr. and Mrs.LORING had from so early a period taken in the persecutedyet glorious cause of our oppressed fellowcountrymen—all conspired to render us incapable offinding words to symbolize the thoughts that wererushing through our mind, and quickening our memory. But, no matter. We record these facts, notonly that we may render a tribute to our Winterstreetfriends for part they have taken in this affair, and also a tribute to Mr. Morris, but especiallyfor the encouragement of colored youth—to inspirethem with feelings of true self-respect, to stimulatethem with a determination to improve every advantagethat may be extended to them, to remind themhow close their elevation is allied to good mannersand moral worth, to encourage them to have faith inthe dawn of a brighter and better day; —for, LLIS RAY ORING, ORING,  AMES REEMAN LARKE OSIAM UINCY, ON. AMES SAVAOR ILMAR AVIS, OHN ING MUNS INSON, RANCIS ACKSON.  ORING 'There's a good time coming, boys,A good time coming ;The pen shall supersede the sword,And many not MIGHT. shall be the lord,In the good time coming.WORTH, not BIRTH,shall rule mankind,And be acknowledged stronger:The proper impulse has been given—Wait is little longer.    IGHT.   ORTH, BIRTH,    There's a good time coming, boys,A good time coming;The pen shall supersede the aword,Every woman, every man,The good time coming.Smallest helps, if rightly given,Make the impulse stranger;'I will be strong enough one day—Wait a little longer.'         

 March 19,1846.  DEAR GARRISON: : EAR ARRISON: This is a most beautiful town, on the banks of theJed—once the principal border town, now the countrytown of Roxburghshire, and having 7000 population. Eight hundred years ago, this town, with itsmagnificent Abbey, was the theatre of constant strifeand blood in the border wars. It has been a golgothe and a field of blood. It stands about two milesfrom the confluence of the Jed with the Teviot—but I wish to snatch the moments, while stayinghere, to transcribe the following letter, written by aman who spent three or four years all over Englandand Scotland, agitating the great question ofSuffrage  ; and who has acted no inconsiderable partin this movement, as well as in carrying the ReformBill.  Suffrage  ARBROATN, Jan. 2, 1846. RBROATN DEAR FRIEND : EAR RIEND I have read the pamphlet on the 'Dissolution ofthe American Union.' What a basis of representtionand political Union! But the evil lies deepin the condition of American society. The ideasof the people must undergo a great change, beforethe slaves can be freed. In fact the slave is heldin bonds, in the name of religion, and it is painful toknow that this is done by the professed followers ofChrist. In England and in America, every oppressionhas the sanction of religious men. They donot openly justify such evils. No—no—they onlysanction the crimes, and say, ' you cannot say,  I didit' There is little cause for surprise, then , that theleaders of the Free Church, in this country, give theright hand of fellowship to the slaveholding churchesof America.  I didit' If I am to judge of the Free Church by the conductof its members and ministers in Arbroath, therecan be only one opinion about their brotherhood, andthat is, that its spirit is not the spirit of Christ. Theysympathize with men-stealers, give them the benefittheir prayers, such as they are, and refuse to acknowledgethe Christian character of those who belongto the establishment in Scotland ; the same confessionof faith serving both. Your lectures here created no little stir. The firsteffect arising from them was, that, some one, whocould handle a painter's brush, painted upon the walls, in large letters, 'BUILT FROM THE BLOODOF SLAVES.' This was done upon two of thefree Churches. The letters I saw with my owneyes, last Sunday. Since you left Arbroath, there has been a lettereach week, in the Northern Warder, published inDundee, from the Free Church and Dissenting Ministers, respectively, in which you are more or less referredto. It is now closed, in consequence of thecorrespondent of the Warder refusing to give up hisname. The substance of their letters consisted inthe Free Church party endeavoring to prove that Mr.S. gave his church to you, because of his bad feelingstowards the Free Church ; and that Mr. A. heldup his hand for your second lecture. This, Mr. A.has solemnly denied ; and the Free Church hasbrought forward four members, one of them being anelder of their own church, to state that they sat inthe same seat with Mr. A., and that he voted for yoursecond lecture. Mr. A., or the four man, are placedin a most painful position. I hope your health is such as to enable you to carryforward your great mission, the redemption of theslave from the bondage of his brother man. Maygod sustain you in your labor of love and good willto the poor, despised black men. Adieu! ABRAHAM DUNCAN. H.C. WRIGHT. 

 BOSTON,April 21,1846.  OSTON, I here with enclose an Elegy on the recent deathof our friend, Dr. Ephraim Whitney—knowing himto have been a warm personal friends of years, and anabe of the old anti-slavery platform of theGarrison school—also a au to the Liberatorfrom its establishment to the present time.   From the Boston Evening G  E L E G Y On the recent death of Dr. Ephraim Whi On the recent death of Dr. Ephraim Whi  Fallen, alas! Are thought of man could dreamThese hours of pain the close of life's vain d;Fallen, alas! Before the days of wo Engendered apprehension of the flowOf that vitality, whose pausing tideLeft on death's shore the social circle's friends.      Oh! None that knew him, none that over nowThe manly face they ne'er shall gaze on more,Can ponder calmly on his grave, or feelA common sorrow o'er their spirits steal.    For he was one of many; one whose breastGladdened the sad, and aided the distressed.Husbands and fathers, high exemplar he,True to his ties as ivy to the tree.  Gladdened the sad, and aided the distressed.   Staff of the weak, and champion of the board,The wise adviser and companion fond,His smile shall been, his stately footstep fallNo more—no more—where he was all in all. and champion of the board    The home that hailed him and the lips that praised,Thevoice of gladness at his coming raised,the breath of music and the sound of song,All to his mansion which no more belong,  voice of gladness at his coming raised,the breath of music and the sound of song,   shall never speak to, know nor cheer him now—The bolt descended, and the tree is low!Even as the tree. The mighty tree which fellWhen his cold torm was placed in life's last cell;As if the noble trunk his emblem true,To fall with him, like him majestic grew!      Farewell! Farewell! lov'd, honored and departed!Farewell, and better than the lonely-hearted,The mourning wife, whose bosom now can findNo mate so manly, soul so ever kind,Where shall her eye, now dim with tears for those,A consolation in her mourning see?Where shall her heart, which beat for thine so strong,Its equal find the vale of life along?Ah, never! She this load of doom may bear,But many an hour unborn shall yet pass o'er,Era she who weeps thee shall lament no more—And they, thy sons and daughter, who drink upThese bitter waters of affliction's cup,What solace shines to banish their despair?              None: save the thought, which never shall expire,That heaven expands its gate-ways for their sire,And there t art immortal! For the hopeThe prophets give us of no less a scope:— when the high-hearted and believing die,On homes of glory they unclose the eye.   And there t art immortal!     So, thou! mourned, but far happier than they,Who grieved to see their idol turned to clay,Thou art, it all the sages say be true,   Mong the sweet arbors which for angels grew:—For to the shrine of God thy frequent feetA bosom bore that owned devotion sweet,Revered his will, and in the final hour,When death assumed the terrors of his power,Smiled on the shaft, and yielded, all resigned,A generous spirit and a lofty mind. Mong the sweet arbors which for angels grew:—      Smiled on the shaft, and yielded, all resigned,A generous spirit and a lofty mind.  At the moment when the body of DR. WITENVWas borne into the grave-yard on the Common, agigantic oak fell beneath the axe in one of the mails.those who remembered the colossal proportions andstrength of the dead, could not but remark the similaritybetween the two, in life and death. R. ITENV  

 DEAR GARRISON : EAR ARRISON This is a pretty town, of 3000 inhabitants, on theleft bank of the Tweed, 10 miles below Kelso, and10 above Berwick. Here Monk had his head quarters, and after forming the regiment, called the ColdstreamGuards, marched them to England to fightCharles II. On the throne. This is a second GretnaGreen, where the English run over the borders toget married. Opposite the river is England. Nearthis, on the banks of the river Till, was fought thebattle of Flodden, Sept. 9,1518, where 10,000 Scotsand 6000 English lay out to pieces, dead, at sundown. Here I delivered two lectures on Americanslavery and the Free Church, in the Church of Rev.Dr. Thompson, who has been the means of destroyingthe monopoly of the Bible Society, compellingthem to put down the price, so that a complete Biblemay now be had, for 8 pence (16 cents.) But I wishto send you the following, written by a stern, stanchadvocate of freedom. Flodden, PITCAIRLY HOVIX, Fishire,February 4th, 1846. ITCAIRLY OVIX  MY DEAR SIR : Y EAR IR I tender you my warmest thanks for removing mymisapprehensions in reference to American slavery,by your pamphlet on the ' DISSOLUTION OF THEUNION.' and for giving me such a distinct view ofthat dark combination, that system of organized villany, whose downfall every human being who has notcontrived to dethrone the feelings of humanity, wouldrejoice to behold ! American slaveholding ! Methinksa parallel to it is only to be found in the governmentof the prince of darkness ! Shocking spectacle! My brother herded with brutes ! My bloodchills when I read the dark details, and I can scarcelyhelp but exclaim—Why does vengeance carry solong? Arise, O Lord, and vindicate the Americanslaves ! Awake, O sword of retribution, and fallwith all thy might on the monsters in human forum,who thus trample on humanity.' Christianity uttersa voice of thunder against the monstrous profanationof its sacred name, by those wrees whose heartsare allied to fiends.  Sooner for would I, as a Christian, fraternize withthieves, with robbers, with pirates or murderers, thanwith the authors of such deeds of darkness, whichSatan himself might black to own. Poor afflictedsons of Africa! Would that I could console you, by assuring you that we, the sons of Britain, regardyou as our brethren; yes, on a level with ourselves.your tyrant masters, and not you, we regard as rankbelow the brutes. All I meet with, who have seen thatpamphlet,hold in utter detestation the horrible compact whichyou have so ably exposed, and feel indignant at theinsult which the Free Church has offered to Christianity, by fostering in the minds of those savage slaveholdersthe belief, that there can be any union or symthybetween it and men who live by theft, robbery,and piracy and whose protection is injustice, cruelty,and cold-blooded murder. Let those blood-stainedtyrants tell us what concord Christ has with Belial,and then we will tell them what concord we havewith them. From the bottom of my heart, I wish you GodSpeed in your noble and warm-hearted exertions inBehalf of American Slaves! American Slaves! I am yours, most sincerely, G.C. MORRISON. H.C. Wright. right. 

 Heavy verdict.— Miss Sarah Greer, a young ladyof irreproachable character and great personal attracttions, obtained a verdict of $8000 against Eli W.butler, at new York, on Tuesday, for breach ofmarriage contract. The attention on his part commencedin 1842, and continued until last fall, whenhe withdrew, and married a lady of New Haven. Heavy verdict. On the 25th of February, there were lying at anchorin the harbor of Mazaran, two American frigates, two sloops of war, a schooner, and a transport,in all mounting 161 guns. At the same time, therewere a British frigate of 50 guns, and a brig of 16. Nineteen new ships, thirteen of which are steamersappear in the list of April, as ordered to bebuilt for the British Navy. The Elmbank factory, near Glasgow, was burnton the 30th March, and 1900 bales of cotton, valuedat £ 10,000, destroyed and damaged. Mr. Duncan, the African traveler, states, in a recentletter, that the King of Ashanti entertainedhim with a review of 6000 female troops, whosearms, accoutrements, and performance, were trulyastonishing. Representation of Lsicester.— it appears uncertain,at present, whether Mr. Bright or Mr. GeorgeThompson will stand on the Liberal interest insteadof Mr. W. Ellis. Representation of Lsicester. All verse's entering a Danish port from stress ofweather, or to repair the effects of accident, are tobe free from all tonnage, light-house, or port dues. The cost of the French war department this yearsis 326,000,000 francs, or about '£13,000,000. Theluxury of making exit on the poor Arabs is ratheran expensive one.  President Day, of Yale College, has signified his intention of resigning at the close of the present Collagist's year. Mr. Webster's Speech.mesh In answer to very manyinquiries, we take occasion to say, that Mr. Webster'sSpeech, in vindication of the treaty of Washington, will be published at this office in a few days,in pamphlet form, with an appendix, containing severalletters, papers and extracts. The pamphletwill perhaps, comprise 150 pages, exceeding inWeight, therefore, the privilege of an ordinary frank.It can be sent to order to booksellers to any part ofthe United States. This, of course, will not supersedethe publication of the speech in this paper,which will be made at an early day.—Nat.Inted. Mr. Webster's Speech. The Quaker Embassy.—The editor of Emancipatorsays, in relation to the London Delegation, The Quaker Embassy. 'We were never more disappointed in the courseof men of high standing, than we have been in theresult of the delegation from the English Quakers toheal the dissensions which slavery has occasioned inthat society in this country.' 'The Mexican steamer arrived here last evening,bringing advices that Mr. Slidell had received hispassports, and left the country. General Almontecame passenger in the steamer, and immediately onlanding went to Santa Anna, with whom be wascloseted for several hours. I understand they areon the eve of another revolution in Maxico in favorof Santa Anna, and t hat he will leave for Vera Cruzin the steamer of this evening.' Dreadful Shipwreck—The Cape of Good HopeGazette of the 9th of January last, contains the Particularsof the loss of the barque Francis Spaight, ofthis port, in Table Bay, with her commander, Capt.Patterson, and twenty-one of the crew. Dreadful Shipwreck More Troops for Taxes.—We learn from theNatchez courier of the 10th inst., that one company,60 men, belonging to the 4th Regiment, U.S.A.,passed down the river on board the steamer GeorgeWashington, under command of Lieutenant Gore,U.S.A., on their route to join the Army of Occupation. More Troops for Taxes. A fugitive slave says that best 'massa' heknows any thing about is 'Massachusetts.'—CinEnquirer. Yes, and the same slave says that the worst'missis' he ever saw was 'Mississippi.'—Exchangepaper. paper.  Great fire is Newark☞A fire, which destroyed$20,000 worth of property, occurred at Newark , N.J., on Saturday morning. It consumed two largebrick building of 'h works,' an the inclined plane, occupied for various mechanical purpoise.  Great fire is Newark☞A   The London Chronicle of the 7th the, contains asarticle open the conquests of England is India iswhich occurs the following remarkable passage:—we and never govern India as we ought, until wepossess the whole of it! we and never govern India as we ought, until wepossess the whole of it Mr. Brown will  in    Table  Table  B.  will  is      Table  Table  

 DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON I am at last, for the first time, in Berwick, so renownedin Scottish and English history, in Connexionwith Wallace, Bruce, Edward, Northumberland, andDongles, and many other of the butchers and tigersOf mankind. It is a town of about 10,000 inhabitants, being a kind of neutral town, subject to England, but, like Nantucket, belonging to no State, havinga government of its own, in many respects. It is aseaport, the only one of note between Newcastle andLeith. I am to lecture here on non-resistance andslavery four times. It is Sundy—the day that in calledholy, and which religionists, whose religion is an observance, as institution, rather than a principle, consecrate, as they say, to God. Judging form their actions, they keep the day holy, in lieu of keepingthemselves holy—they consecrate the day to God,rather than themselves. They substitute a holy dayfrom a holy life—a holy observance for a holy heart—I am disgusted with this religion of holy days andchurches, holy priests and elders, and slaveholding,war-making and toddy-drinking men and slaveholding,Christianity makes holy men and women—teetotal,anti-slavery and non-resisting men and women—andtakes no note of holy days, holy houses, holy pulpits,holy bands and gowns and priesthood.  Sundy day themselves day day life heart Dear friend, I am just heart sick at what I sea andhear around me! Such an everlasting rout madeabout holy church and governmental combinations,holy sacraments, holy times and places, holy performancesand observances—and so little said aboutholy MEN and WOMEN. Like the Pharisees and Sadduceesof old, they take care to keep the cups and ;plattersholy, but themselves often the personificationof corruption. They degrade and pollute theman, but keep holy the Sabbath and the Church!if the efforts, now being make in Scotland andAmerica to have men keep a day holy, were all expendedto persuade them to keep their hearts holyfrom ambition, anger, revenge, lust and avarice, andtheir lives holy and pure from drunkenness, was andslavery, and to induce them to love as Jesus loved,to forgive as he forgave, and to make his righteousnesstheir own, by imitating his spirit and life—theonly way in which His righteousness can be of anyuse to them—then we might hope to see a gloriouschange come over society, and the peaceful kingdomof God's dear Son dash in pieces all other kingdoms,and consume them forever. But I wish to spend aportion of this day in copying the following letterfrom H.C. Howells. You and your readers may decide, whether I desecrate the day or myself by sospending it. My conscience tells me, I do not desecratemyself. man, day KINGSDOWN PARADE, BRISTOL, 1846. INGSDOWN ARADE, RISTOL, DEAR HENRY EAR ENRY I had obtained no particular information concerningthe Evangelical Alliance, till the evening beforeI received your welcome scrap, with the letter to thatbody. It had occurred to me, what a fine opportunityto present the three millions of manacled, fettered,bleeding slaves, as plaintiff against their oppressors,before such a body. Judge, them, how my soulbounded with thanksgiving to God, and love to theauthor of that precious document, while I perused,Or rather its up, its truth-telling pages! its up, There is a glorious battle hold before us, whereOne must chase a thousand, and ten put ten thousandto flight. Mr. C., minister, is well pleased withthe address. He thinks it will cause a division, asthe Free Church have taken part with the men-stealers, but no doubt the Kirk and all English Dissenterswill go for a rejection of slaveholders.  Well, I shall rejoice at any division and overturning, that may issue in the rescue of my own fleshand blood, and kindred souls.  It is a happy event that the Alliance is to be composedof individual Christians, not Societies. Sothat, should the pro-slavery part of the Free Churchstand aloof, the others may unite, and no doubt will.We shall shortly have a meeting in Bristol, to assistin forming the Alliance. I have put the address incirculation. Send me twenty-five more, and I willsend you stamps. I think all the Christians in Bristolwill be true to the slave. Take care of yourself,your longs, the night air, &c.. You cannot leave Englandtill after the Alliance Convention. Your wifeand friends must spare you a little longer for thelord's service in this land. I hope dear Garrison,Weld and Tappan will come over in June.  Free Yours, H.C. HOWELLS. H.C. WRIGHT. RIGHT. 

 The board of Managers of the Anti-Slavery S hereby give  shat -theTWELITH NEW ENGLAND ANTI SLAVERYCONVENTION will be held in Bastes, on TUESDAY, the 26th of May, 1846, at 10 o'clock, A. M,and will continue in session for three days, in parformingthis duty, the Board would urge open itsmembers and friends, and the members and friendsof the American A.S. society, in all parts of Newengland and the country, to a assemble , in large numbers, for mutual counsel and encouragement, at thismust important point in the history of our can andof our country. The triumphant supremacy of theslave power in the councils of the nation, consquenton the annexation of Tears; the dastardly submis-sion of  and the other free states tothis revolutionary outrage; the guilty silence of thechurch, in view of the accumulating horrors and indefiniteextension of slavery, all demand prompt andvigorous measures on the part of those who believeRESISTANDCETO TYRANTS TO BE OBEDIENCE TO GOD.A prominent subject for consideration will be thematuring and adopting of a system of combined andextensive agitation for the DISSOLUTON OF THEEXISTION UNION OF THESE STATES, andthe abrogation of the base, cruel and wicked Constitutionthat now binds them tighter in a compact, alikefatal to the hopes of the salve, and to the rights of thenominally Free the great question of DISSOLUITION, as the only salvation of the country, will befully discussed, its philosophy and method set forth,its expediency and necessity enforced. Let all comeup prepared to unite in an emphatic utterance of theirsense of this necessity, and united effort to hasten its accomplishment.     NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS!!!FRANCIS JACKSON, President.EDMUND QUINCY, Secretary. President. 

 DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON: I cannot now tell you of my doings here, aboutMelrose Abbey, and other things connected with thissweet spot. I cannot new speak of the Eildon hills,and my visit to them, of the remains of an old Romanencampment on one, and of Abbotsford, and of myvisit to it, on the Tweed, as it wades around the baseof these hills. I cannot speak of Dryburgh abbey, theburial please of Waltes Scott, the Tory novelist, thedespiser of the people—of my visit to it, and theglorious motto over the entrance— No AMERICAN TOBE ALLOWED TO ENTER  IF AN IS A SLAVEHOLDER!' These I must leave, and copy a letterrespecting the Free Church I received the otherday at Kelso. The Free Kirk leaders, in their spousesand writings, have basted theirs is the pared churchin the world. If so, what went the other be?You may be sure that the following may be makeas a specimen of their churches generally is I havebeen assured often by their own members. No won-der Doctor Cunningham, declares of churches, com-of men-stealers, that 'their rolls of membershipwould present as large a proportion of convertedpersons as that of the Evangelical (Free) Churchesof Scotland. And such combinations of men arecalled churches of Christ! I believe on of thefirst steps towards membership in Christ's church is,escape form these war making, save-breeding, slave-holding, toddy-drinking see tartan organizations. Theyare 'synagogues of Satan. But read the followingletter.  MERICAN TOBE ALLOWED TO ENTER  HAWREK, March 4th, 1846. AWREK, Sir: I perceive that your lectures on American stavery, and the question. you ask— le it right to heldChristian fellowship with slaveholders, in order toget their money to build our churches and payour ministers? Have exited the bitterest oppositionof many of the leaders of the Free Church: and Ihave little doubt that many, in distant parts of theworld, will be astonished after having heard so muchabout their 'glorious marching up out of the land ofEgypt,' (the Established Church,) 'and out of thehouse of bandage,' that they should give the righthand of fellowship to such men, and thereby throwthe shield of their protections over them, to white washthem from their foul eternities but they who liveamong theNons, (as the Frees are called,) who knowtheir practices in references to their fellowship athome, will never dream of being astonished at theirreceiving into their fellowship, these blood-stainedmonsters who traffic in the blood, and sins we and soulsof our fellow-men. In support of this, allow me tostate two eases, in proof of their brotherhood at home;and if they are so easily pleased with their own membershere, surely they cannot be exposed to be sovery particular as to their dear brethren, the slaveholdersof America.  Nons, Frees souls A—W—, a man who had base in business forhimself, but who had failed in consequence of drankenemas, and who had lived here for many years as apublic nuisance, a drunken, swearing, ill-naturedman,—who appears to act on Ishmael's principle ofhaving his hand against every man, and who, in consequence, may often be seen in the streets, followedby a bavy of boys annoying his, and calling himnames, and he in return curing and awarding, andoutraging all decency by his obscene blasphemies anddisgusting oaths—well, this man was a member ofthe Established Church before the disruption, and forhis bad conduct was suspended from church privilegesby Mr. Wallace, the then minister of the Kirk;but as soon as the 'house of bandage' was left by Mr.Wallace and his followers, this man had a taken ofadmission to the Lord's table forced upon him, bythe same men who had formerly included him, and Ibelieve is still in full communion with the Facechurch, although his upon profanity and drunkennessmust be well known to every ,Non in theplace.  forced Non The other case is that of A—R—, a man whofor many years had been a confirmed and hopelessdrunkard, but who, through the instrumentality ofteetotalism, was lifted up out of the deep degradationinto which he had sunk; and after having remainedform to his pledge for a ling time, I thought to magnifythe principle of total abstinences, as he was a goodtradesman, by setting him up in business for himself,so that he might show to the world, by his sneezes intrades, that no man need despair, however prostratedby this demon alcohol, of be will only stick like aburr to teetotalism. After this, be joined the Freechurch, and got on prosperously for a time. At last,Influenced by the tippling habits of his Mr.Wallace, and the elders and church members, he tastedthe watter, and fell prostrate before the fiend. Theteetotalers again rescued him from the drunkennessinto which the Rev. Mr. Wallace and his elders andchurch had plunged him, surrounded him with teetotalinfluences to shield him against the influences ofa tippling church and ministry, and got him to sigathe pledge; but he never could again withstand hiscraving appetite for drink, and the tippling influencesof his minister and church; and after alternatelyjoining the society and breaking his pledge, andtaking in all who had any business transaction withhim, he shared the fate of all drunkards, and becamea bankrupt. I a penitential mode, he came to meone day, his 'class, and cash, and credit gone,' andconfessed his errors, and for the fiftieth time promisedamendment; and would again join the teetotalers,as soon as he was better of disease, the consequencesof his conduct. In this condition, the very personificationof impiety and wicked need, in answer to aquestion that I put to him, he said, that nether Mr.Wallace, his (Free) minister, not any elder of hisChurch, had ever remonstrated with him about his notorsionsexcesses. During the conversation, I holdhim that I was hearing Mr. McCrea, the parish minister, preach on Sabbath last, for the first time; whenThis brutalized debauchee—this unreported memberOf the FREE CHURCH, seemed perfectly hurried, anddeclared that he had sunk very low in his own estimation; but he was not so degraded yet as to go andhear a sermon at the parish church!  Influenced by the tippling habits of his watter, REE HURCH, Now, sir, you see with whom they hold fellowship athome; and I could mention many more similar cases;and if they will give the right hand of fellowship todrunkards, fornicators, and blasphemers here, whyshould they not, FOR THE PRICE OF IT, givethe right hand of fellowship to fornicators, man-stealers, and murderers, in America?  I remain, dear sir, Yours most sincerely, ROBERT MICHIR H.C. WRIGHT. RIGHT. R.M. is a well known teetotaler, and member ofthe Independent Church. I wish to call attention tothe fact, that in Scotland and England, the most dangerousposition in which a reformed drunkard couldplace himself in society, is IN THE CHURCH. Thereis no place in which a reformed drunkard is so irresistiblytempted to return to his wallowing in thefilth of drunkenness, as to join a church, to becomeas elder or a deacons, and to associate with ministers.he would be more likely to become a drunkard inDr. Wardlaw's or Dr.Chalmer's church, and at theirdinner tables, than in the lowest grog shop in Glasgowor Edinburgh—for the simple reason, that at thedinner and communion tables of Doctors CHALMERSand WAROLAW, the tippling custom isadorned with the charms of social elegance and respecability, and sanctified by prayer! While in thelow grog shop, it is accompained  with all its disgustingwith and obscenity. These Earned Doctors ofdivinity do more to make drunkards, and to preventtheir reformation when made, by giving a respectable, picas, praying tame to tippling entombs, than ahundred low whiskey-dealers and gutter-drunkardscould do. These esteems are dangerous in propor--tion as they are made respectable.Another thing to which I would call attention. Itto a very common thing, in this country, for thechurches to undo the work of teetotalism. Teetotallersrescue a poor not from his filth and degradation, andsurround him with hallowed and saving influences,and bring love and comfort and light to a broken-heartedwife and starving children. The reformedinebriate joins a church—tipples at the communion—sees his brethren and sisters, his elders, deaconsand minister, tipple their wine and toddy, accompanyedwith prayer and social elegance. He drinks—becomesa brutal drunkard—loses affection for wifeand children, and sinks to the lowest depths of pollutionand social infamy, under the direct influence ofthe church, the elders, ministers, and 'Doctors of Divanity. This I have seen and known in Scotland.More. After the church has converted the teetotaller into a drunkard, the elders and minister who madehim what he is, turn him out of the church, and thenthe teetotallers step in again, and save him, and causethe sunshine of love, peace and plenty once more tovisit his family; and they can save him, so long as they can keep him out of the churches, and awayfrom the communion, and from the influence of thetippling elders and ministers. This have I often seenand known. Earned Doctors ofdivinity  churches to undo the work of teetotalism. Now, which are doing most to accomplish the missionof Christianity, and to make Christ practicallythe 'Lamb of God, to take away the sin of the world'—the TOTAL ABSTINENCE SOCIETIES, or theTippling, sectarian church organizations of Scotland,With all their imposing array of baptisms, communions, Sabbath, solemn assemblies, prayings, singing,priests, bands and gowns? In America, which aredoing most to make Christ a practical 'propitiatorysacrifice for sinners,' the ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETIES—who are consecrating reputation, propertyand life to rescue slaveholders and their imbrotedvictims from that 'sum of all villany,' American Slavery—or, the slaveholding churches, deacons, elders,and ministers, with all their praying, and preachings,and observances? Who are doing most to make the save the world—to make Christ a practical Redemer—and to save men from sin by 'His righteousness'—the Non-Resistants, who are seeking to root out themurderous principle and practices of war—to inducemen to beat up their swords, and learn war no more—to put a way all anger, wrath and revenge—and tolove as Jesus loved, and to forgive as he forgave—orthose war-making ministers, elders and churches,who hang, shoot and stab men, women and children,and give God thanks? Who can doubt? I do not.There is more of the church of Christ in Total Abstinence, Anti-Slavery, Non-Resistance, Peace, AntiWar, Free Trade, and Free Suffrage Societies, thanin any sectarian, war-making, slaveholding, tippling,monopolizing church organization on earth—be theybaptist, Methodist, Unitarian, Presbyterian, Universalist, Congregationalist, Mahometan, Episcopalian,or Catholic, or any other. These churches have nopower to reform themselves or the world. We areobliged to go out of these bodies, into what they termthe world, for help to purify them of drunkenness,theft, robbery, concubinage, and murder—to purgethem of slavery, war, and blasphemy. We must goto what is called the unconverted, for help to persuadethe converted to cease to fill the earth with drunkards;to the unregenerate and unsanctified, for to help topersuade the regenerate and sanctified ones to ceasefrom slave-breeding, slave-driving and slave-trading;to the irreligious, the prayerless and ungodly, forhelp to induce the religious, the praying and godly,to cease from theft and robbery; and to those whoare called INFIDELS, for help to get those who arecalled CHRISTIANS to cease from cool, deliberate,systematic murder! practically practical all villany,' practical  Non-Resistants unconverted converted I am a Christian, dear Garrison, and every day butIncreases my confidence in Christ, as the power andWisdom of God to save the world. I fraternize withthose, only, as Christians, who are working to savemen by the righteousness of Christ by seeking tomake them righteous as He was righteous andwho are seeking, as teetotalers, as abolitionists, asnon-resistants, free-traders, and moral reformers ofindividuals and nations, to make 'Christ the Lambof God to take away the sin of the world'—by devetingtheir all to reclaim men from their sins. I carenot for church or governmental organizations, or anyhuman institution. Let them all perish, when theystand in the way of man's redemption. I care notfor observances of times and places. I would haveChrist  a principle of action within us—I would have'his mind'—I would 'put on Christ.' So that for meto live, should be Christ. In no other way can Hebe of any saving power to mankind. Christian Christ  Thine,HENRY C. WRIGHT. 

 person at the annual meeting of the Americananti- Slavery Society at New York, who may wish toremit money to the Liberator, are requested to paysociety, who will receipt for the same, and particularreceipts covering the time paid, will after wordsbe sent from this office. R.F. WALLCUT, General Agent Liberates. General Agent Liberates. 

 DEAR GARRISON; EAR ARRISON; From the following letter, touching a Soiree inDundee you will see how things go on here in referenceto anti-slavery agitation. DUNDEE, March 7, 1846. UNDEE, March 7, 1846. DEAR FRIEND: I wish to let you know how we stand in referenceto matters here. In the first place, the Soiree is gotup 'in hones of Messrs. Douglass; Wright and Buffuro,' and the tickets are selling so fast, that we haveevery prospect that the house will be crowded to excess. Should it be known that you were not to bepresent , we are sure it would cast a damp over theprospect of the whole. This you will the more perceiveto be the case , when I inform you that we havea letter from Dr. Ritchie, of Edinburgh, to-day, sayingthat it will not be in his power to attend. Now what are we to do? Are we to allow ourFriends of the Free Church to report our meeting inThe Warder as a failure? I trust not , and to preventthis, allow me to say, that you mustcome. You seewe cannot do without you. The need has been sownhere; friends to our cause in the Free Church aretelling us— 'just keep at us—push us on—we needall the assistance you can give us—we have all theprejudices of our Church (the Free) to contend with;so, unless you push us on, we shall not be able tocontend so effectually.' Such is the language ofsome of those who are moving in the Free Church.Such is the language of some of the active moversAmong them to myself. Free must just keep at us Now that we may give these men a second strongband of help, to push them on , and also to illumine theactive members of the Free Church who do wish morelight upon this subject, after the dust that has beenthrown into their eyes by their leaders; to counteracttheir influence, do come that the meeting may be effectivein dispelling doubt, in giving light, instrengthening weak hands, in giving a strong impulseto right against wrong. You may not be aware, that one of the Free ChurchSessions is split upon this question, and it was onlycarried against sending back the money by the castingvote of the Moderator,—Rev. Mr. Burns, and to bushup the matter until the next Assembly. This theminority have not consented to do ; only they haveagreed not to act till after the Lord's supper is dispensednext month. And they will not remain inthe communion, unless the Free Church repudiatesthe connexion with slaveholders. Thus the matter has taken root here. All we nowWant is, another good meeting to keep this matter fullybefore the Free Church and the public. We havegone into the thing, and we cannot think of your absentingyourself on any account. If you have anothermeeting in Hawick, we will pay your expenses backagain, and we will pay the to this. Do not disappointus. We expect a great meeting, and a goodmany Free Church people, and we will get a goodreport in the papers. Bring a great many of yourpamphlets, for we require them here for distributionamong all parties. May we see you at Dundee onTuesday, is the earnest wish of the Committee. Yours, WM. HALKET. I send the above, solely to let you use how the peoplefeel in Dundee. It is the same in most of theprincipal towns. I did not attend—had an engagementin Teviotdale—besides, was sadly afflicted thenwith hoarsness and soreness of lungs, of which I amnow better. They had a glorious meeting, concerningwhich, James and Frederick will inform you, andyou will see by the papers which I presume theywill send. I had no fear of its being a failure, and itwas not. I copy the following, to let you see the spirit withWhich I have contended the last fourteen months. Itwas handed to me as I entered the meeting is Berwick, in which I was to review the Free Church, andthere was a great excitement in the town. BERWICH, March 25, 1846. Sir, Last night, as I left rev. Mr. Peden's churchwhere you lectured, I bought one of your tracts. Atthe 45th page, you speak of the Delegates of the Freechurch going to America, and receiving money as areward for admitting slaveholders to be members ofsaid church. I will content myself with saying, thatany one who has common sense, and has taken an impartialview of the affair, must pronounce it false.Admittingthe Free Church to be wrong in taking thismoney, you are as bad as they, and I'll show you how. Irather think you had a white shirt  on last night—cotton.Who was it that toiled for the material of that shirt?slaves! If I were you, I would either hold my tongueabout the Free Church, or never wear a cotton shirt.do you take sugar in your tea? If you do, you drinkthe slave's blood, by your own account. Who toiledfor that sugar? Not slaves, of course! No !! No!!!are you not afraid the sugar poisons you? Recollect,I am not defending slavery—I condemn it as heartilyas you do. But look at home, before you condemnabroad. What business have you with the Freechurch? Mind your own affairs, and let the FreeChurch mind theirs. You have come to Berwick,and all you have done is to now discord among thepeople false. white shirt  slaves! of course! I am, sir, yours, &c. W.M. M.L. HENRY C. WRIGHT. This is the last strong hold, the citadel into whichthe Free Church leaders have all fled. The answer toall this is—'To get the slave-grown cotton and sugar,we do not agree to fellowship slaveholders as Christians, and to help cast the damning guilt of slaveholdingfrom them upon the system or institution of slavery. I have raised the cry—'send back that money'—solely because the leaders, Chalmers, Cunninghamand Candlish declare, if they give up the fellowship, that they must give up the dollars, and that theycannot give up the fellowship while the money is intheir coffers. send back that money' HENRY C. WRIGHT. 

 The friends of the abolition of Capital Punishmentthroughout the United states, are ever early requestedto be represented at the meeting of the New-Yorkstate Society, to be held in this city on Monday, Maythe 11th. Among the speakers expected to addressthis meeting, are hon. Robert Rantoul, Vice-PresidentDallas, Rev. John Pierpont, Horace, Greeley,rev. E.H. Chapin, Charles C. Burling, Rev. J.N.Maffit, Parke Godwin, J.L. O' Sullivan, Rev. W.H.changing, and Prof. Patterson, of Philadelphia  W.T. McCOUN, Pres Josiah Hopper, Sec. Papers friendly, please copy. 

 BOWLING BAY, (rr Glasgow,)  March 31,1846. DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: EAR RIEND ARRISON: As friend Douglass is not to write you by thissteamer, I thought I would say a word as to what weare doing , and let you know that we are at work, andthat the cause of humanity is still onward in Scotland. Friend Douglass and I have been in Scotland nearlythree months. During that time, we have heldlarge, and enthusiastic meetings in Perth, Dundee,Arbroath, Montrose and Aberdeen, in the North,Which have created a great sensation. Many of ourmeeting have been crowded almost to suffocation, althoughwe have bad the largest places that could beprocured. The most commodious churches have beenopened, and the ministers came out to aid the causeonward. All seem to take the deepest interest, withthe exception of the Free Church. They have goneto the slaveholders, and taken the fruit of the toil ofthe unpaid bondman, and now have declared, as theprice, that not to fellowship slaveholders as Christianswould be very unjustifiable . But this declarationis only from the leaders in the church . Themembers of that church have no fellowship with thisact ,and they are becoming more and more dissatisfied, and will yet speak out in tones not to be disregardedby even the leaders. as theprice We have held meetings in the west of Scotland—the towns of Ayr, Kilmanock and Paisley, whichhave been the most satisfactory to us and the people.We have now commenced a series of meetings in theVale of Leven, the place from which, as you willrecollect, we had that thrilling remonstrate againstour slave system in 1837, which, when it was unrolledin our annual meeting, caused such a thrill of joy topass through all present. The people are still thesame warm-hearted friends of the cause they werein 1837. They will again remonstrate in more earnesttones. You can hardly understand what a deep abhorrencethe people have here for American slaveholding.coupled as it is with such high-sounding professionsof liberty, it becomes ugly by the contract. We are soon to be joined in a series of meetings inGlasgow and Edinburgh, by our true-hearted andeloquent friend, GEORGE THOMPSON. The peopleare being aroused . Friend Douglass has caused agreat sensation. When he stands up before an audiencein this country, and tells the story of his prisonhouse, they see before them a man so noble in figure,so eloquent in speech , informing them, in his own powerfulmanner, that he has been a slave twenty-oneyears of his life, and that he would be liable, if hestepped on American soil, to be hurled back into interminablebondage, and that , too, in accordance withthe Constitution of the United States:—when hetells them that there are three millions such as himselfin bondage the most cruel, for whom Christ died,and among them he has four sisters and one brother;when he tells them that the laws which bind them intheir chains are framed and supported by men callingthemselves Christians, and who profess to believe inthat Saviour who came to preach deliverance to thecaptives, and the opening of the prison to them thatare bound#x2014;then it is that the horrid Character of Slaveryis so revealed, that they see it in its true light,and they start back with dismay at the depravity ofa nation, that can be so lost to every feeling of humanity. I cannot but blush for my country; and I couldnot hold up my head in Scotland, were it not that Iam doing something to wipe away this stain. I wouldsay more, but I must close. I will write you againin a few days. We are to have two steamers themonth, and you will bear from us oftener than heretofore. I am writing this at the house of our excellentfriend JOHN MURRAY, who is to go to-night withus to a meeting at Bonhill, and it is now almost timeto leave. I am, with much love, yours in the cause, JAMES N. BUFFUM. 

 Tract No,. 1 of the New Series, commenced bythe New England Non-Resistance Society, is a reprintof that excellent one bu C. Whipple, formerlypublished by this Society, entitled 'EVILS OFTHE REVOLUTIONARY WAR.' We have printed anedition of 2000 copies, (it ought to have been 5000;with will hereafter be our number of each Tract, )friends may order quantities at the price of on centper copy by the hundred, or by the dozen. Less thana dozen will be two cents per copy , and single copiesthree cents, These prices will a little more than coverthe cost, in our economical way of publishing, andwill enable the society to sustain a reproductive Tractfund. Donors to this fund, past and future. Who wishit, will receive on half of the value of their donationsin tracts, as they may order. Address orders to Adenballoon, (Hopedale,) Milford, Mass., or to R.F. Walcurt, No. 96 Corn hill, Boston.—practical Christies practical Christies 

 (From our London Correspondent.) From our London Correspondent. LONDON, 137 Cheapside. DEAR SIR: EAR IR This day, March 3, we have just received a packet, which conveys to this country the news that thePresident of the United States has declined to referthe Oregon question, and the aspect as between thetwo countries looks more warlike in consequence.All friends of peace here,—and they are a verylarge majority,—regret this very much; for we hadhoped that the news—the good news to the world,we think it—that our minister had determined uponrepealing the Corn Laws, and reducing the customsduties so greatly would have produced a very oppositeresult in America. It is probable, however, that this movement onthe part of President Polk, is the result of viewsformed, when other dispositions on the part of theEnglish Government were prevalent. If the people in Great Britain had the Power ofchoosing their own members of Parliament, (seveneighthsare without the suffrage,) there would be noWar, for the supplies would not be voted. The American people will yet see the folly, asthe English people do see, not only the folly, butthe wickedness of war, upon such a question especially. I speak of the people as distinct from theirgovernments. As it regards this country and its interests, itwould be an object-less war; it would be a totalwaste of life and treasure, for a purpose useless itrealized. Colonization has been a burden to the EnglishPeople. Colonies are used by our aristocracy almeans of patronage, and have invariably cost ismore than they have benefited us as a nation. Colonies are of no value, except as customers. Nations, separated by natural boundaries, are only ifvalue to each other , in proportion as they supplythe wants of the other. It is in exchanging theirlabor and property,—that is to any,by commerce,—that they benefit each other; but we have never soused colonies. We treat them as dependants, prehibittheir commerce with other nations, insist upontheir quarrelling when we quarrel; and by thispreventing their commercial growth, make themdependant upon us. Dependance is always costlyto the protector. By forcing them into our wars,we make them participant of the losses and miserieswhich war necessarily involves, and give toourselves a larger surface to protect. They offerto our enemies salient points of attack and destruction, which the protector must assist to restore.This to us a numerically small and isolated people, is a serious expense. Take the instance supplied by the United StatesAs colonies, we limited their commerce preventedtheir growth, and kept them as infants in swaddlingclothes. We mis-governed them through our poo.nobility and their hangers-on, until they could bearit no longer, and willed themselves into being asnation. Then, as a nation, the United States becameone of our first and best customers, and thesetwo nations have gone on ever since—except inone fit madness and war—improving and benefittingeach other by their mutual growth and in-terrchange. As between America and England, it is quiteClear that Nature has pointed out the Oregon as acousin, if not a brother of Uncle Sam. The Americansneed not go to war, in order to receive it. Lettime and nature have their course, and an Americanpopulation will be found in possession of it,with American sympathies and wants, and Americansrelations. All their social ties will be in theAmerican states, and those States will be, to theOregonists, what England was to the Pilgrim fathers. Those sympathies will grow into Americannationality. But, not withstanding the menacing tones of manyof your members of Congress and he Notice, itcannot be but that our Free Trade teaching andacting will convert the commercial men and thefarmers of your country into advocates of pence. Commerce is essentially peaceful. Its object isexchange, and exchange is beneficial, and , consequently, mutually desired. It is powerful, also,asa motive, as well as peaceful, because it makes itthe interest of both parties to be at peace. Thereare few moods belonging to human agents that donot yield to a sense of interest, when that interestis permanent and always acting. The mutual necessities and common interests ofthe two nations will bring them to an agreement,I trust and believe . Free trade is the essential doctrine. Morals, manners, liberty and truth, wealth,enjoyment and happiness, are all connected withcommercial activity. Supply the physical man,and you rear the intellectual man. The intellectualman must be formed out of the physical man.You cannot grow intellect out of a starred man.supply the physical, and you sow the seen of intellectualfruits. It is out of our wants that ourvirtues grow. I cut the following from the League newspaper,the organ of 'The League,' who may be styled thefathers of Commercial Freedom: The papers laid on the table o the House ofCommons on Monday night, and ordered to beprinted, exhibit some very interesting results.  The first of these is an account of the number ofVessels, the amount of tonnage, and the number oftheir crews, on the 31st of December in each year,from 1820 to 1844. In 1820, the number of vessels was 35,374, the tonnage2,648,593,the number of men employed 174,514.In 1841, there were 30,052 vessels, of 3,512,480 tons,Manned by 210,198 men. In 1844, there were31,320 vessels, of 3,637,231 tons, and 216,250 seamen. The number of British vessels entered inwards in1832, was 10,762, whose united burden was 1,936,846tons; the foreign vessels were 3865, of 561,047 tons.In 1846 , the number of British vessels was 15,964,and their tonnage 3,669,853; the number of foreignvessels 7,895, and their tonnage 1,353,735. The declared value of British and Irish produceand manufacture exported from the United Kingdomto foreign countries and our colonial possessionswas in Table  Table  The net revenue of the customs, and the amountof duty received from corn, from 1839 to 1845, wereas follows: Table  Table  With respect to the silk trade, the returns are extremely full, but we have only room for one or twoextracts. The quantity of silk of all kinds enteredfor home consumption in 1814 was 2,119,974 lbs.; in1824 it had risen to 4,011,048 lbs, but in 1834 it hadonly reached 4,522,351 lbs., while in 1844 it amountedto 6,208,021 lbs. The declared value of British silk goods exportedfrom the Untied Kingdom in each year between 1828and 1845, exhibits since the year 1835 a comparativedecrease. The value of the silk exported in 1826 was168,801;but in 1835 this amount had increased to973,786; in 1837 it had fallen to 603,673; and althoughfrom that time the value declared continuesto increases, it had in 1845 only reached 764,424.  The quantities of foreign silk manufactures retainedfor home consumption since the removal of theprohibition upon them in 1826 , exhibit a gradual risefrom 115,278 lbs. in 1827. to 310,153 lbs. in 1845. The table respecting wool and woolen manufacturesis especially interesting, but we have only spaceto give a few of the results, which prove that an increasedimportation has had the effect of increasinginstead of lowering the price of domestic produce. In1824, the number of pounds of foreign and coloniesWool imported was 22,564,485; and the price ofSouthdown wool is2d. a pound. In the followingyear, the duty on colonial wool was removed, theimport increased to 43,816,966 lbs, and the priceof Southdown wool simultaneously rose to 1s.4d.pound. During the next twenty years, the price fluetuatedfrom 2d. to 1s. 8d. a pound, and in 1843 inwas at 11 1-2d., with an import of 47,785,061 lbs. In1844, the duty on foreign wool was entirely removedthe quantity entered for consumption increased to65,079,,624 lbs., and the price of English wool rose aonce to 1s .2d . In 1845, the amount imported barfurther increased to 76,828,152 lbs., and the price odomestic wool had risen to 1s . 4d. Between 1831 and 1845, the declared value of British exports of woolen manufactures had risen from5,789,124 to 8,741,728. In 1842 , the total amount of revenue, exclusive onthe corn duties, was 32,178,814; in 1845,it was33,415,431, although during that period the amount The amount of reduction in the public expenditure effected by the repeal of the duties on auctionand glass, in 1845, is not less than 52,636. A number of extracts from the letters of glass manufacturers in every part of the kingdom, stating thimmenseincrease of consumption consequent uponthe removal of the glass duty, is appended to theimportant paper from which we have made these extracts.' Add to all this, the exchange which your largeParticipation in this great commercial activity give.to your continent, and then let us ask, is it worthwhile to go to war for a barren territory, and convert all this peace-inducing activity into war, violence and destruction? I am, yours faithfully, EDWARD SEARCH WM. LLOYD GARRISON. M. LOYD ARRISON. 

 TO LET. To a very small firmly part of a house in Dedhamstreet, consisting of kitchen, parlor and two small hadrooms, well provided with water and other conve-niences. Rent, $96. D.S. GRANDIN. 

 The Kidnappers set at Liberty.—The FranklinCounty (Ky.) Circuit Court, Judge Mason BrownPresiding,has decided that Forbes and Armitage, the kidnappers of Jerry Phinney, at Columbus, Ohio,cannot be legally delivered up on the requisition ofthe Governor of Ohio. The ground of he decisionis , that the kidnappers acted by authority of theowner of Jerry, who was a fugitive above.  The Kidnappers set at Liberty. 

 Any young man wishing to acquire a knowledgeof the Dental Profession and engage in a partnershipwith an experienced and skilful Dentist, or a personalready acquainted with the dental art, may fist arare chance by enquiring at No. 26 Cornhill. 

 Can any men imagine for what purpose, is thewisdom of our Executive, our Army ofOccupation has been ordered down from CorpusChristi to the Rio del Norte? Its former station wason the extreme verge of what might be colorablydenominated Texan territory; its advance hasbeen though a region never belonging to the oldprovince of Texas, or for a single month subject tothe rule of the more recent Republic. It has neverseen the Texan flag displayed, save by two or threebands of adventurers, who were promptly capturedor chased off by the Mexicans. The left bank ofthe Rio del Norte, and the whole region watered bythe Eastern tributaries of that river, is and ever hasbeen just as much Mexican territory, so far as it isnot possessed by the Aboriginal savages , as VeraCruz or Xalapa. Now the ostensible purpose ofsending all our disposable force to Corpus Christiwas the protection of Texas from apprehendedMexican invasion, and for this purpose that positionwas well chosen . Texas has remained unmolestedand secure; she has not felt a shadow of apprehensionfrom the hour Gen. Taylor landed his troops atCorpus Christi , nor has she had a pretext for fear.Not for her sake, therefore—certainly not to affordher increased protection or security—is our Armyinarched down to the great Mexican river, far fromresources or reinforcements, in the very heart ofMexican nationality and military power. Up to thistime, both banks of the great river have been occupiedby Mexican troops; we have dispossessedthem of the Eastern by a display of a temporarilyoverwhelming force; can we expect them to remainquiet on the other ? Suppose the Mexicanforces concentrating in front of Gen. Taylor shouldspeedily be swelled to 8 or 10,000 men: does anyone suppose they will quickly look on until our armyhas fortified its position and reinforced its numbersin what the Mexicans cannot but regard as their Nationalterritory? Gen. Taylor himself appears toact with all possible circumspection and forbearance; had his place been filled by a Napoleon or aJackson, we should have had a murderous battle tochronicle ore this. Gen. T. plainly will not act onthe offensive unless to anticipate a medicated blow;but his position is an offensive one , and hostilitiesare postponed only till the Mexicans feel strongenough to strike with confidence. Let our troopssimply hold their ground a month longer, and ballswill forestall the yellow fever with many of them.We doubt whatever half the gallant army which firstformed on the beach at Corpus Christi are destinedEver to repose the Mississippi, and great their kindredin their cherished homes.  Meantime the Nation lies in listless apathy , hardlyasking what is to come next. The tidings of a battleon the Rio del Norte —probable a triumphant,but in any case a deplorable one—will startle hundredsof thousands from ignorance into amazement.they have been told by smooth-tongued orators andcurrent-riding demagogues. That Annexation wasconsummated — settled —a 'fixed fact,' and no longera subject of discussion or action among us. Witha President who is punctual in his Sunday attendanceat a popular Church, and who allows no dancingat the White House on any day, it is of courseto be presumed by the indolent, listless millions thatour National affairs are managed in a most Christiansand blameless manner. When the tidings shallburst upon us of a battle between our Army and theMexicans, in which some thousand or fifteen hundredfellow Christians have butchered each otherto feast the wolves and the vultures, who shall bearthe awful responsibility of that wanton wholesalemurder? Not those, surely, who have manfully,actively resisted the whole Texas Iniquity , speakingout decisively at the first and , never faltering to thelast. But who beside these can truly exclaim to thespectres of our recklessly sacrificed countrymen, 'shake not thy gory locks at me!Thou cannot say I did it!' 

 For a young colored by about it years of age,on a farm in the country. He is very right and intellgent. Application may be made to Mrs. Some alHoar or Mrs. M.M. Brooks, Concord, Mass., or to the editor of the Liberator. 

 The following Proclamation by General Mejia,Commander of the Mexican force at Matamoras,possesses some interest , although issued , as will beseen from its date, ten day previous to the arrivalof the American troops on the Rio Grande. Matamorasis on the right bank of that river; the Americantroops have taken a position on the left bank,nearly opposite. The General-in-Chief of the Forces advanced againstthe enemy to the inhabitants of the Department andthe troops of his command: The General-in-Chief of the Forces advanced againstthe enemy to the inhabitants of the Department andthe troops of his command: Fellow Citizens—The annexation of the Departmentof Texas to the United States, prompted andconsummated by the tortuous policy of the cabinetof the North, does not yet satisfy the ambitious prospectsof the degenerate sons of Washington. Thecivilized world has recognized in that act of -tion all the characters of injustice, of iniquity, andof scandalous violation of the rights of nations.  Indelible is the stain which will forever obscureThe belied virtues of the North American people;and posterity will see with sorrow, the perfidiousconduct, the immortality of the means employed tocarry out the most degrading depredation. The right of conquest line always been a crimeagainst humanity, but nations jealous of their dignityand reputation have sought , in some manner, tocover it with the splendor of arms and the prestigeof victory. It was reserved for the United States topractice dissimulation, deceit, the lowest intrigues,in order to acquire, in the midst of peace, the territoryof a friendly nation, honorably confiding in thefaith of promises, the solemnity of treaties. The Cabinet of the North does not stop in its careerof usurpation—not only in the department ofTexas, the prey to which it aspires—its advances extendseven to the banks of the Rio Bravo—the armywhich has been sometime stationed at Corpue Christiis now advancing to take possession of a greatpart of Tamaulipss; its advance guard has reachedthe Orroyo Colorado, a point fourteen leagues fromthis place. What hope, than, remains to the Mexicanrepublic, of treating with an enemy who seeksto lull to sleep by opening diplomatic negotiations,while he proceed to occupy a territory which cannever be the object of the pending question? The limits of Texas are certain and recognized;They have never passed the Rio Nueces, and withoutdoubt the American army has crossed the linewhich separated Tamaulipas from that Department.Even if Mexico could forget that the United StatesPrompted and ailed the rebellion of the old colonists,and that the principle that an independent Nationhas a right to annex itself to another Nation is notapplicable to the case, when the latter has protectedthe independence of the former with the object ofadmiring it afterward into its bosom—even if itcould be received as an axiom of international law,that the violation of every rule of morality and justicecan serve as a rule of acquisition—still the Territoryof Tamaulipas would remain, without thelaw of annexation sanctioned by the American Congress, because it comprises only American Texas—the soil occupied by the revolted colony, and not allother departments in which the Mexican Governmenthas exercised without interruption its legitimateauthority. Compatriots—with an enemy whichdoes not respect its own laws, which shapelesslymocks the very principles it has invoked before theentire would to justify its ambitious views, there remainsno other resort but arms. Fortunately, we are all disposed to grasp themWith glory in the defence of the country. ThereWill be little blood left in our veins when it is necessaryto vindicate our honor, to confirm our nationalityand independence. It is necessary to opposea dike of steel to the devastating torrent whichmenaces us: our swords shall form it, and on theirsharp points shall the invaders gather the fruit oftheir boasted conquest. If the banks of the Pamecohave been immortalized by the language, theaugust faith which we inherit from our ancestors,all those inestimable benefits will disappear if theinvaders succeed in confirming their conquest ; andwhat Mexican, worthy of the name , can resign himselfwithout fighting, even to the death, to see hisnoble race degenerate under the abhorred dominionof the stranger ?—not one!The lofty sentiment ofnational honor reigns in our hearts, and from the remotestconfines of the Republic there will fly to sustainit thousands of hordes, stimulated by the exampleof Hidalgo and Menello. Soldiers! the hour of peril has sounded; youknow your duty, and can fulfil it with loyalty andpatriotism. I have the honor to find myself in yourfront and am persuaded of the ardor with which youdesire the hour of combat—the defeat of a respect'Able enemy, worthy of Mexican valor . The banksof the Rio Grande shall be the witness of the igno-miny of the naughty sons of the North, and its deepwaters shall be the sepulcher of those who dare approachthem. The call of patriotism, which burnsin our hearts, will receive new sustenance from thetedious presence of its conquerors; and the echoof Dolores and Iguali with removed with harmonyin our bars when we take up the march to opposeour bare breasts to the rifles of the bunters of theMississippi. Inhabitants of the frontiers, we arenot left to our own resources ;the supreme Governmentwatches indefatigably for our own securityand salvation . A strong army, inured towar, is rapidly advancing to take part in the combat, and with its powerful help we shall reap acomplete victory. But until the day arrives to undertakethe grand campaign for the re-conquest ofall the usurped territory, and for our eagles tospread their triumphant wings upon the hanks ofthe Sabina, we, who have the honor of being infront of the invaders , should serve as impenetrablebarrier; our obligation is as great as sacred—there is no sacrifice which we should not make atthe altars of our country. The question is to defined the interests dearest tothe heart of mass—our domestic firesides, our customs, our language, &etc. The consciousness of your superiority assures youA most splendid victory. Let the enemy then advance, whom you desire to salute in the field of batlewe will fight, and the crown of triumph will bethe merited reward of your valor and discipline. To arms! Long live the Mexican Nation—longlive Independence ! [Signed] FRANCISCO MEJIA. Metamoras , March 18th , 1846. 

 No.13 PINE-STREET - - - BOSTON. ☞Terms for instruction in pianoforte, playingand singing,$15 per quarter☞ 

 The commotion on the question as to the FreeChurch's connexion with the slaveholding churchesin America is still increasing in this quarter. Weunderstand that at a very long and protracted meetingof St.Peter's session, a resolution was carriedby the casting vote to the chairman, (Mr.Burns,) tobush up the subject; and that the majority, (or rather,the majority, for the dissentients from the resolution, are in reality a majority of the elders, ) areadopting steps to maintain their views of the evilsof slavery, and the necessity of the Free churchshaking herself clear from the stain which attachesto her. Last night a meeting of the School WyndSecession Congregation was held in their chapel,when resolutions, strongly condemnatory of slavery.and calling on their Presbytery to repudiate fellowshipwith all churches directly or indirectly supportingsuch a system, were unanimously agreed toto. We also see, from our advertising columns , thata soiree in honor of the eloquent advocates of abolition—Messrs . Douglass, Wright and Buffum—is tobe held next week. All these are symptoms ,andstrong ones too, of public feeing in Dundee on thisimportant subject —Dundee Co rier.  soiree Dundee Co rier.  

 To the Editor of the, Montrese (Scottish) Standard. To the Editor of the, Montrese (Scottish) Standard. MR. YSDITUR, — On Munonday nicht , oor Jock gatme enteeced to gang door an' hear that chiel Doug-lass. I had come awa 'wantin' ma specks; but freethe luik I gat o' him, he seem't a buirdly fallow, andane I shudna like to has a tussle wi' either feesecallyor intellecktually. But to the pint on hun'. Icam' hame, an' gaed off to me bed, leavin' Jock sit-tin' gey an' dowf-like at the ingle cheek. 'Jock,'quo' I, 'gang your was to your bed, and dinna sitthere burnin coal an' cannle for nae an' ; ye kenthat wab maun by feenish't the morn,' 'On aye,'quo' he, 'nae fear o' the wab,' Weel. Sir, thro' thenicht I'm waukent wi' sumbody roarin an' singia,'I luiks atower—an' wad ye believ't?—it was Jock!an' it near twa i the mornin,' I was in a pashin—naewunner—a hale penny cannle brunt! 'Ye ne'er-doweel loon,' quo' I, raxin' over the bed for ane o'ma shoon, 'sittin', squeachin there at this time o' themornin', disturbin' the hale kintra side—this'll no bethe gate o't the mornin'—there'll be nae harlin yeout b' yer bed than,' Wi' that, Mr. Yeditur, I gave theshea play breenge at his head—it shift his log—cou-pit the cannlestick—bruke twa plates—an' foosh doonthe lea-tray wi' a reeshle like thunner. Jock wasben the hoose like winkin', an' the door bar 't. Irase to see th' extent o' the dawmage, an' fell in wi'the followin' poyem, whilk Jock had drappit in hisflicht. Wad ye juist stap it out o' the gate some way,Mr. Yeditor, for I canna luik at it without thinking' o'the plates. And oblige, R. SDITUR than SAUNDERS KENYEQUHAE SAUNDERS Links, March, 1846 

 On Tuesday evening last, a soiree was given inSchool-Wynd Secession Chapel. to Messrs. Douglassand Buffum. The church was crowded . Mr.Alexander Easson, manufacturer, occupied thechair, and on the platform were the Rev. Messrs.Marshall, of Lochee, Gilfillan, of Durdee; Drwood and Dr. Dick, Broughty Ferry; Bailie Moyes;Messrs . John Laing , W. Christie, R.ChristieO.J. Rowland, William Neish, Geo. Rough, JohnWhition, William Halket, Jr,. Dr. Modie , &c. Teahaving been finished , the chairman, Dr. Dick, Mr.Gilfillan, and Mr. O.J Rowland severally addressedthe meeting , severely animadverting upon the conductof the Free Church in accepting the supportand co-operation of the slave-owners of America,and the barefaced effrontery with which they stillcling to the money. A complimentary address wasread to Messrs . Douglass and Buffum, after whichthe meeting separated.— Dundee courier. 

 (The Poet indulg in the ) (The Poet indulg in the )   Oh, Tammy  lane by his ain fireside, he lukit dummfounder't—he graned and he sigh'das he shoke his lang pow—the tears pappin' came—'There'll never be peace till that siller's sent hame.'     that ( reflections about mourin' bluidy bawbees.)   reflections about mourin' bluidy bawbees.  'I ha'e scoor this bawbees till blab slan' on my broo,I may scoor a' my days, but the bluid eye keeks thro';I maun e'en sen' them beek, just to please noe aulddaise,For she'll no be at peace till that siller's sent hame.'     (A case o' conscience.) 'Send it hame; let me see—it gange sair 'gainst myheart;But it's better wi' siller than conscience to pairt:can we hand be't? Na! Douglase has blown sic' aflame,That we winna he's peace till that siller's sent bane       ( A predic'.)  A predic'. 'It's hard, unco hard, to  we've dune wrang;are nicht do't—but, on, an Assembly!—me sang!but oor folk are uproarious, and cry 'What a shame,'and they'll no gie us peace till that siller's sent home,'     (A dreary prospect) A dreary prospect 'I has I've dune wrang—the warl' make sie a din; frac without, and nae comfort within;the deed stamps eternal diagrace or my name,and I winne be's peace till that siller's sent home.'   without within;   (No go.)  No go. 'This ohiels in Dundee, the' weel gifted wi' gab,may talk of the 'slave-holding patriareb, Job;'they may reenge the hafe Bible—it comes a' to thesame—there'll never be peace till the siller's sent home,;     ('Random r'scollections.')  'Random r'scollections.' 'I've play'd mony a queer pliskie, I trow, in my day'I've belauber't Dissenters—weel, weel, lat chat gae;I've ran aff frae my Granny, but I've stain'd my fairfame,and I'll never ha'e peace till that siller's sent home;     (Real reminiscences.) Real reminiscences. 'I've danced mony a queer rael—ay, and danced then wi' pride,but this is the daftest like e'er I has tried;for The Slavery Strathspey—a back step— stop—(aie a name!)Mann be danced to the tune o' 'Send that sillerhome;'       (A malencholy state of affairs) A malencholy state of affairs 'My mither cries, 'Tammy, correct the mistak''— usual, there's 'Patterrraw John' at my back; He' The Slave ' tedde my hair wi' his murderouskaim,And'll no be at peace till that siller's sent home.'        ('Ah, Tam ! ah, Tam!')  'Ah, Tam ! ah, Tam!' 'My mither! puir body! shares a' my diegrace!Wi' a tear in her e's, she glow're in my face;she gange about dowis, and greetin' for shame,and she'll no gae me peace till that siller's senthome.'     (Tammy jocasaly addresseth himself.)  Tammy jocasaly addresseth himself. 'Aye, Tammy, me man, ye've a will o' your aim;to' Retract, e'en a hairbreadth,' I ken gies ye pain;but I doot ye maun do't, tho' 'twad coupilka 'scheme,for there'll never be peace till that siller's sent hame.'    (Vesions.) Vesions. Wi' a beart-rendia sigh, and a shak' o' his head,Tammy, sairly perplex't, slippit aff till his bed;but he raved in his sleep, and criedoot in his drame,TLL NEVER BE PEACE TILL THAT SILLER'SNAME'    LL    

 BOSTON, MAY 1, 1846. NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS! NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS! ANNUAL MEETING OF THE AMERICANANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY. ☞The Twelfth Annual Meeting of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society will be held in the BroadwayTabernacle, in the city of New-York, on TUESDAY,the 12th day of May next. Auxiliary Societies areurgently requested to choose their delegates early,and individuals throughout the country to make seasonablepreparation to be in attendance. The planof operations for the ensuing year, which may bemarked out by the Society, will need the wisdom ofa multitude of counsellors for its development.—The times demand all our energies. The Business Meetings of the Society will be heldOn the afternoon of Tuesday, and through the wholeOf Wednesday and Thursday, in the Lecture RoomOf the society Library, Broadway. WM. LLOYD GARRISON, President. President. MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN, ARIA ESTON HAPMAN WKNDELL  PHILLIPS,Secretaries. KNDELL  HILLIPS, Secretaries. 

 From the Dublin University Magaxine. A CLOUD IS ON THE WESTERN SKY. A deed is on the western sky,There's tempest o'er the seaAnd bankrupt States are blustering high,But not a whit care we.Our guns shall roar, our steel shall Before Columbia's distant streamShall own another's away;We'll take our stand,And draw the brand,As in the ancient day.           They count on  within the They think the a word is broke,They look to Ireland, and they smile—But let them bide the stroke.When rendered one in hand and heart,By robber war and a swindler art,Home grief all cast away;We take our stand,And draw the brand,As in the ancient day.            Oh, let them look to where in for help their bondsmen cry—Oh, let then look, ere British hands,Wipe out that living lie!Beneath the flag of ? Liberty,We'll sweep the wide Atlantic sea,And tear their chains away;There take our stand,And draw the brand,As in the ancient day.           Veil, starry banner, veil your pride,The blood-red cross before,Emblem of that by Jordan's side,Man's freedom-price that bore.No land is strong that owns a slave,Vain in it wealthy, crafty, brave;Our freedom for our stay,We'll take our stand,And draw the brand,As in the ancient day.          Shout, dusky millions, through the world!Ye scourge - driven nations shout!The flag of Liberty's unfurled, And Freedom's a word is out!The slaver's boastful thirst of gainTends but to break his bondsman chain;And Britain's on the wayTo take bar stand,And draw the brand,As in the ancient day.          G.P R. JAMES 

 It may often be a difficult, but it can never be amysterious thing, tor transgressors to break off theirSine by righteousness, and to learn to do well byssing to do evil. When any one asks for a PLAN, by which all such may be enabled to 'do justly andlove mercy'—thereby implying that there is no guiltin continuing to rob and oppress, at least for the timebeing,—it is not uncharitable to impeach either hisintelligence or his honesty. There is no necessityimposed on any man to be a villain, or to sanctionvillany. 'Let him that stole, steal no more,' is thesimple remedy for theft and peculation. 'Undo theheavy burdens, break every yoke, and let the oppressedgo free,' is the PLAN devised by Infinite Wisdomfor putting an end to slavery, whether there befew or many involved in its guilt; and it is competentfor each, and all, at any moment, to obey thatcommand,—all governmental prohibitions to the contrarynotwithstanding. Yet there are those who treatevery such injunction as something too Indefinite orto unreasonable to be carried at once into effect.they are not your low and vulgar sinners, but menWho claim to be sound moralists and good Christiansthey are not for conniving at what is sinful,—Ono!—but they are sorely puzzled to know how to doright; they would scorn to do a wicked feed, if theycould only have a feasible PLAN laid before them forabstaining from crime. 'Repent,' says the voice ofGod. 'Repentance is a good thing,' is their response,'but we do not understand you— give as your PLAN.''Why will ye die,' price the voice of mercy. 'Wedo not desire to die,' they answer, 'but give us yourplan for living.' 'Wash you, make you clean,'says the voice of purity. 'Pollution is a great evil,'they reply, 'but show us your PLAN for becomingpure.' 'Come out of Babylon,' says the Lord, 'thatye be not partakers of her size, and that ye receivenot of her plagues.' 'You have not given us anyplan for coming out, and until you do so, we shallremain where we are,' is their rejoinder. What shallbe said of such persons? Are they men of principle?do they have any faith in God? Why are they thusseemingly perplexed? Is not the objection whichthe urge the product of moral cowardice, or a hatredof the cross?  LAN plan plan When the abolitionists first lifted up their voicefor the immediate emancipation of the slave, the;were sneered at as rash and visionary men; forthey had no PLAN, it was alleged, to submit to thecountry, for the safe and effectual abolition of slavery'Give us your PLAN! give us your PLAN!' was shoutedon every side by their opponents. Did thoseshouters really need any plan? No. Did they reallydesire to have more light? No. Were they in doubas to what the abolitionists meant? No. But theywished to shield themselves from rebuke, and to con-vict the abolitionists of folly. As for slavery itself,it gave them no distress of mind, it led them to putforth no efforts for its overthrow. They were in ardentreligious and political fellowship with the slaveholders, and hence determined not to hear the wailingsof their perishing victims. What was the reply of the abolitionists to this absurddemand for their plan? Simply this:—It is foryou thieves, to quit steeling— you oppressors, to shiverthe yoke of bondage— you men-stealers, to revereand honor the divine image— you whose hands arestained with blood, whose garments are coveredwith pollution, to wash them. Be just— be merci-ful—be the friends of liberty, and the champions ofthe rights of man! This is over plan: we have noother; and the  of the case require noother. Feign not to be ignorant of your duty, andfear not to walk in the path of obedience.  In proof of the soundness of these views, the So-ciety appeals to the past and present condition of thecolored populations; to the history and character ofthe American people; to the debates in the Conventionwhich formed the Constitution; is the 'Madisonpapers'; to the uniform and universal consturctionof the Constitution by the people, courts, and legis-lative assemblies of the several States, from the timeof its adoption to the present hour; and, finally, tothe uniform action of Congress, and the authoritativedecisions of the Supreme Court of the States. The uncompromising friends of emancipation arenow earnestly demanding the dissolution of theAmerican Union, as a moral and religious duty, be-cause that Union was framed in iniquity, and is ce-mented with the blood of the slaves: because it is animpious attempt to unite Christ with Belial, holinesswith piracy, liberty with slavery. Again, in all quar-ters is the old familiar cry raised, 'Give us yourpLAN! How is it to be done?' As if there werenot come within the scope of human responsibility,and were entirely beyond human power! Now,there cannot be more simple case presented to thehuman understanding; and the obligations which it are clear and imperative. LAN  What is the American Union? It is but anothername for the American Constitution. Destroy thatconstitution, and the Union ceases to exist. Beforethe adoption of that instrument, there was no suchunion; and there will be none after it is abrogated.what, then, is the constitution? 'Is it of heavenor of men?' By whom was it framed? by whomwas it adopted? For what purposed adopted? by whomis it supported? What are its compromises, whichrender it unjust to uphold it? On a sound answer tothese questions depends the duty of sustaining or re- it.  1. What is the Constitution? It is the product ofthe national heart, and the embodiment of the nationalwill— the supreme law of the land; consequently, itis not of heaven, but of men. Of course, it cannot beany better than the national heart—it can not contra-vene or survive the national will.  2. By whom was it framed? Its immediate fram-ers were the delegates from the several States, chos-en for that purpose. A considerable portion of thesedelegates were slaveholders—human kidnappers—men-stealers; politically, the basest of hypocrites;religiously, the impious of men. Their handswere defiled with blood and their fingers with iniqui-ty. Their feet ran to evil, wasting and destructionwere in their paths, and there was no judgment intheir goings. They lived by daily plundering theirenslaved captives, and by trafficking in human flesh.All of them, whether they came from the nominallyfree or the slaveholding States, were unprincipledmen, who neither feared God nor regarded man;afraid to do right, and unwilling to abandon thewrong; intent only on their own safety; regardingtheir national unity and independence as the onething needful, the end of the law for righteousnessnone called for justice, nor any pleaded for truth;they trusted in vanity, and spake lies; they con-ceived mischief, and brought forth iniquity; theyhatched cockatrice's eggs, and wove the spider's webbe that  of their eggs dieth, and that which itcrushed, breaketh out into a viper. In their blasphe-my they mid, 'We have made a covenant with deathand with hell are we at agreement; when the overflow-ing  shall pass through, it shall not come un-to us; for we have made lies our refuge, and underfalsehood have we hid ourselves.' Such — if there beany truth in history, any fixed standard of rectitudeany confidence to be placed in 'the word of thelord'— were the framers of the Constitution! 'Domen gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?'   3. By whom was it adopted? By the people of theland, whom those delegates most faithfully repre-sented! By a people who were impudent, andcould not blush; who excluded from the pale ofour common humanity, all who had Africam blood intheir veins; who fought seven long years to securetheir political freedom, and yet, like ancient Pharaohrefused to set their own bondmen free; who, havingin their colonial capacity, for a century and a halfravaged the African coast for kidnapping purposeswere determined, for at least twenty years after thehad established their constitution, not to allow anygovernmental interference with their piratical pur-suit; and in the the hands of whose descendants arefound at this hour, three millions of human beingsheld as slaves, and legally recognized as goods andchattels. 4. nor lot in the framing or adopting of the constitution;that their rights and liberties were not made even amatter of consideration in 1787; that, in order to pro-cure the exisitng Union, it was stipulated that theforeign slave trade should be protected for twentyyears under the national flag —that the slaveholderscould be allowed to represent three-fifths of theirslaves in Congress—that fugitive slaves from theSouth might be seized in any part of the republic—and that slave insurrection should be suppressed, ifneed be. By the national arm.   Such, then, being the nature of the AmericanUnion-bloody, perfidious, and tyrannical—involvingall in condemnation who intelligently extend to ittheir support, and giving to slavery national patron-age, character and strength—the American Anti Slavery Society maintains that it is the duty of allwho reverence God, and abhor oppression, immediately to withdraw from it—to pronounce it unholyand accursed—to conspire for a new and righteousgovernment—to cease filling any office, or electingothers to fill any office, which requires an oath or af-firmation to be taken to support the Constitution ofthe United States, as prescribed by that instrument—be the pecuniary risk, the political sacrifice, the pop-ular odium the personal liability of such a step whatit may; because it is infinitely better to suffer theloss of all things then to 'strike hands with thieves,and consent with adulterers'—to assist in forging theyokes and fetters of slavery, and degrading to a lev-el with the beasts of the field, those to whom a bene-ficent Creator has given 'an inalienable right to life,liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.' For occupying this consistent, distinguished andsublime position, the American Anti-Slavery Societyis ridiculed, denounced and assailed, not merely bythose of the Calhoun and Mc Duffie school, but bymen calling themselves abolitionists—the faithful andunbending friends of the slave ! But the society pa-tiently  bides its time, conscious that it is invulnera-ble to every attack, and that it rests upon an immova-ble foundation.  Our dissenting friend, AMASA WALKER, desires tohave two questions answered— 'How can the Amer-ican Union be dissolved but by political action? Howcan such a dissolution effect the peaceful emancipa-tion of the slave? These shall be fully consideredin the progress of this discussion. 

 FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON I discover by the Liberator, that your worthy selfand 'Laocoon' are out in strong letters on the institutionof Odd Fellowship. I am led to judge, fromthe spirit of the articles in question, that if it werein the power of yourself of your correspondent toannihilate the institution, it would be done at once,This strong manifestation has led me to offer a fewthoughts touching this matter. Not, however, forthe purpose of provoking a controversy, but to abowyou, if possible, and your readers also, what youwould destroy. For I am fully sensible, from thenature of your comparisons, and the spirit of yourarticles, that you affirin what you know not, andwould, if possible, destroy that which now causeththe widowed and orphan to rejoice, without benefitingone son or daughter of humanity by doing. Permit me to say that Odd Fellowship does not,neither can it as such, infringe on the political,physical, moral or judicial rights of any one. AndI will further add, that you cannot, neither canyour correspondent, show that it does. Your antiInasonictestimony will not affect the case, unlessits relevancy is more apparent than anything thathas yet been brought torward. Suppose I grantall that has yet been adduced against masonry;I ask how it affects Odd Fellowship as a secret institution, more than it does the Sons of Temperance,or the Rechabites? For they are both of this nature. Again, as to their regales—I ask if Odd Fellowsare sinners above all others of a kindred nature onthis point? Why single out Odd Fellowship asthe sum total of all evils, and pase by the Sons oftemperance and Rechabites without a word? Itseems to me, at least, that if the secrecy aud pegeantryof this order be the alarming evil, al of a kindredspirit should bear their part in the denunciation. But methinks the bug bear of alarm be notexcluaively in these features, but that you and yourcorrespondent have not as yet revealed the in your breasts. There must exist some Inrking a side from those complained of evils, andperadventure time will bring forth an expose. Butyou are excusable, as we are apt to act curiouslysometimes when we walk in the dark ; and muchmore so, if we attempt to write a description ofwhat we think we see there. For the imaginationis sometimes fruitful, if the understanding is barran. I hope, therefore, that you will not considerit altogether evil, or destitute of proof, if I give theexperience of one who has entered within the paleof Odd Fellowship, seen its ' diabolical and damnablesecreta,' and tasted of its 'oath-bound inyateries.' You must admir, at least that my understandingis full as well qualified to speak of its alarmingevils as your imagination is to describe them.   think I would say, that ere I connected myself withOdd Fellowship. you were willing to take my wordas a man, and believe what I uttered as such, andgave it your approval. What I may say concerningthis institution, I utter as a man, and call upon youto receive it as coming from one who has not divestedhimself of his manhood, or his principlesof honor; therefore, unless you can show to thecontrary , you are in duty bound to admit that I amqualified to speak the truth concerning what Iknow. If I am qualified, permit me here to say, freelyand unhesitangly, that there is naught in theinstitution of Odd Fellowship, that will deprive youor any other human being of any right whatsoeverthat you or they now possess. It will not take fromfrom you to give to any of its members, any privilegethat you know enjoy. It will not shield thecriminal beneath the broad folds of its fraternity,although he may have been one its members. AndGod knows that if I should violate any of the lawsof our country, a jury of Odd Fellows would be thelast that I would select to  on my case, in orderacts of their members they have no sympathy. Theviolator of law of morality becomes, but the act itselfa violator of the principles of Odd Fellowshipand by this act destroys his connection with us,and is no more a members of the institution thanyourself or your correspondent. I ask, then, whereyou are called upon to act against this order in self-defence? What will you defend yourself against?Not their secrets, most assuredly; for they willnever trouble you in your present position, for itis no task for you to rememberthem. It cannotbe at the bar of justice,(so called,) for Odd Fellowshipand Non-Resistance are never found there! Itcannot be in sectarianiem, for Comeoutiam and OddFellowship were long since excommunicated! Itcannot be in Washingtonianism or Abolitionium, for and at what point are you called uponto defend yourself against Odd Fellowship? Tellus friend Garrisom, where it has harmed the firsthair of your head or injured by its principles anyother man? Show the subject of its injury, not bysurmises and guess-work, but by actual demonstration. And for every ten, yea, for every one, a thousandcan bespeak its blessings. And not those sim-ply that you suppose are ' oath-hound to support itssecret abominations,' but the otherwise impoverishedwidow and houseless orphan.  Before you again calumniate this institution, Iask of you, as a philanthropist,to call upon the OddFellow's widow, and ask her for the wrong it hathdone her. Ask her who stood by her in that darkand trying hour, when the warmest sympathies ofher nature were being severed by the cold hand ofdeath! Ask her who administered to the wants ofthe departed, and anticipated almost every wishand labored to gratify if before it was spokenask her who wiped the damp sweat of death fromthe brow of her beloved—who stood with her bythe bed-side, to receive the last farewell of him thatsleeps in death! As you stirred up those hallowedremembrances in her bosom, the tears of gratitusewould speak forth with the words themselves, assomething better than the sculptured marble, as atribute to Odd Fellowship. It this does not blastyour skepticiam concerning our institution, andbush the murmuring reproach, go to the schoolswhere the orphans of Odd Fellows are educated,and clothed, if necessary, from what you considertheir unaccounted for treasures; and ask thosebright and smiling faces by what right of tenurethey hold their places? Who has been instrumenttalin making you thus joyful, and surrounding youwith so many comforts, since your sires sleep in'the narrow house appointed for all the living?'As you proposed these questions, methinks youWould behold the electric joy leap from eye to eye,As the united voices of that little throng would espoundedto you the secret, 'My father was an OddFellow.' Go, if you can, filend Garrison, from like these, with your big heart of philanthropy beating in your bosom, and call up frombeneath, the black demon of destruction to blast thisinstitution from existence, that is doing this greatwork of comfort and usefulness; but I cannotPardon me if I lisp forth a God bless it! as myheart is warmed into a deeper emotion of gratitudeand praise to the Giver of every good and perfectgift, for sending down from above the principles ofOdd Fellowship, to bless and comfort man underthose peculiar trials that it is our lot to encounter inlife My father was an Odd Fellow.  It is not the avowed or practical purpose of OddFellowship to meet and overcome every obstacle inthe way of human comfort and progression, But Iassure you it is every way adapted to fill its peculiaroffice in the amelioration of the condition of humanity. It is an important part of the great moral machineryof the age, and if every part of this greatphilanthropic machine files its appropriate spherewith as much bonor to itself as this peculiar branch,the world will yet be redeemed from moral, mentaland physician woe and suffering. Odd Fellowshipstands as an impassable barrier between pauperismand the mental and physical suffering therefrom,and every member thereof, with their wives andlittle ones, who will ' watch worthy of the vocationwhere with they are called,' by its soothing voice ofFriendship, Truth and love. Why, then, shouldyou so earnestly desire to overthrow and utterlydestroy this broad apreading tree, beneath whosebranches so many repose in quietness and security?—conscious that when death bids them vacatetheir posts of duty, the same branches will overshadowtheir wives and little ones, and thatthey, too, shall enjoy the same quietness and security, and be borne onward over the current of lifesurrounded by the same fraternal sympathies, andfed from the same munificent hand. Therefore, Ithink I may well say that your peculiar positioncalls forth the admonition of the apostle of old, 'Benot forgetful to entertain strangers; for therebysome have entertained angles unawares.' Althoughour instiution may be a stranger to you and its In exposition of this point see 'The Odd Fellow' of ,April 15,184, last page, an article with thishead, 'Look out for a villain.'Friend G., if youwould copy the article entire, I think you would confera special favor on Laocoon, and perhaps it mightenlighten some of your readers also.peculiarities enveloped in mysticiam as far as youare concerned, yet would is not be wall for a pro-fessed and prominent philanthropist to made a fewinquiries. At least in regard to its utility, before youraise the cry of 'mad dog,' and hurl every missile ofdestruction at it in your possession? it seems tome that these suggestions are worthy of the ma-ture consideration of Win. Lloyet Garrison, whoprofesses to let forth his sympathies for everythingthat is philanthropic and truthful mad dog The treasure represented by our Lord and Masterwas hidden, and it required its possseser to dig inorder to enjoy it; and you may find by adopting herecommeudution of the Grant Teacher, that there isa treasure in Odd Fellowship worthy of possessing,although hid from your present vision. I am will-ing to admit that the outward presentations of meorder may be unitiviting to some tastes; but downdeep beneath all this lineal and show, lies buriedthat holy and fraternal principle, which cementsour beloved order, and has proved a treasire indeedand in truth to thousands and tens of thousandsthat hold it sacred in their hearts' warm embrace.Its possessor's lips may be dumb, in a measure, forit imparts' joy unspeakable.' Masterwas hidden, and it required its possseser to dig inorder to enjoy it; You may say that the pageantry and show of OddFellowship is the sum total thereof; but I bumblyask if that long and rejoicling train of pledged meriwith their regalia and banners, their music andshouting, is the sum total of the great and goodtemperance enterprise? You in truth say no; for,down deep beneath all this outward show , is thestruggling of deep and holy emotions, that stir thequiet waters of gratitude in the hosoms of restoresfathers, and rejoicing wives and mothers, Yes thereanimated affectionate sister, and the leaping joynewness once miserable dwellings, beapeak the joy ofthe occasion. As temperance men, we pass thisostentation by, and with our spiritual eye beholdthe mightiness of this reform. Even so it is withthe faithful Odd Fellow. For he stops not to ceutemplatethe 'gewgawa' of your coutemphtion, butgoes far beyond all this, and beholds that mightyconcourse of human beings, united by the mysicties of brotherhood, yielding implient obedience tothat 'secret power' which ways, 'We command youto visit the sick, relieve the distressed, bury thedead, and educate the orphan.'In comphrnce withthis injunction, we see men of all sects in religion,of all parties in politics, of all trades and professions,from those that occupy the highest stationsin life down to the lowest laborers in poserty, going forth from this vast convocation, throughall the ramification of society on their missionof love and mercy, bearing with them as the hecretmain-spring of their labors, the holy andheaven born ties of FRIENDSHIP, TRUTRAND LOVE. RIENDSHIP RUTRAND OVE. Friend Garrison, although we may not, as yet,'see eye to eye,' in regard to this great enterprise,permit one who loves humanity, to entreat of you,as a lover of the same, to be fully antified, by carryingout the examinations we have suggested, thatno good thing can come out of Odd Fellowship, before you earry the spirit of your warfare further. Iassure you, and your readers also, that it is worthyof this investigation. And from the opinion I entertianof you as a reformer, I as persuaded thatyou will exercise that charity towards us, 'thatthinketh no evil,' until some other besides our offendersand ignorant accusers testify against us I ask no more for Odd Fellowship than I ask formyself as a man, a place in the confidence and esteemof community, until I am proved, by responseble. witnesses, unworthy thereof. Is this asking toomuch? If so, follow out a more Christian and fraternalcourse, if you can find it. But as for myself,I will choose this path for my feet, for herein didmy great Master walk In conclusion, I would my, that I have nor addressedmyself to your correspondent 'Laocoon,'for I prefer to know the name, at least, of the manwhom I address. But I would any, that I considerit very fortunate for Laocoon, that Masonry andOdd Fellowship are not twin serpents, lest peradVenturehe might meet from their entwining embrace, the fate of his unillustrious and unenviablepredecessor. An unfortunate name is to he dreaded, and if your correspondent consider his namesake, of Trojan notoriety, or suitable representativeof his character and motives. I envy him not in hisposition. I will leave him with his adopted parent,'bellowing' within the folds of those more poisonourserpents of modern date, Envy and Revenge,and utter my parting prayer to his gods, that theywould spare their ' victim and his boys from sohorrid a death.' Give to the father the power requisitenot only to save himself, but others from asimilar delusion and fate. And may the good spiritof Christianity guide the modern Laocoon, and allof us, to an holier altar than priest Laocoon of oldbrought his offerings.' Trojan notoriety I have done. I throw forth these thoughts forthe consideration of yourself, your correspoudent,and your numerous readers. You and they maymake such use of them as you please, or your consciencesmay dictate . But I shall not reply to anything that may be written, unless it is in explanationof what I have here said, as controversy is notmy object, but the simple avowal of truth. Therefore, it must not be expected that sarcasm, reproachor denunciation can call me forth into the arena ofdiscussion. But when responsible testimony isbrought forward, in refutation of my position, I willever hold myself in readiness to substantiate or retract, and that is all that can reasonably be expectedof any man. Yours for Truth and Humanity, although an OddFellow, Milford, April 13, 1846. B.H.DAVIS. 

 This is a monthly journal, published in Glasgow,and chiefly devoted to the interests of the Society ofFriends. Its proprietors and editors are Williamand Robert Smeal, most estimable and indefatigablefriends of the great Christian reforms of the age.We always read it with pleasure and edification. Itis conduced in a remarkably fair and candid spirit,and exhibits an independence of opinion at oncemodest and firm. The last number, for '3rd month;or March, is highly interesting. We find in it someextracts from an epistle from our friend James Can-nings Fuller, of Skaneateles, N.Y., to a friend inScotland, and more are promised in another number.These are replete with interest. The writer givesan account of his attendance at the last YearlyMeeting in Baltimore, and in North Carolina. Re-specting the latter, he any—'It may surprise therewhen I state, that of all the Yearly Meetings that Iever attended —and with the exception of Van die-men's Land, and New England and Ohio, I havebeen at all of them,—the late North Carolina onewas the best it was every my lot to be at. In proper-tion to the numbers I conversed with, I met withmore kindred spirits on Abolitionism than I everhave elsewhere. this is a remarkable and encour-aging fact. Copious extracts are given from theaccount of the 'Twelfth Boston Anti-Slavery Ba-zaar, which was published in the Liberator, at theconclusion of which the editors say—' We feel as-sured that what we have given cannot fail to stim-ulate all who have contributed to this and formerfairs, to continued exertion, by working themselvesand enlisting the assistance of their friends for thenext, or thirteenth Boston Anti-Slavery Bazaar, tobe held at the close of the year, and for which con-tributions will be thankfully received as formerly,till the 10th month; this is speaking a friendlyword in season. A correspondent of the friend sends as extractfrom Charles Sumner's Oration on 'The TrueGrandeur of Nations, and adds—'The pamphlet isa valuable addition to our peace literature, and thefriends of that important cause would do well topromote its extensive diffusion. 

 The following is an extract of a letter from an intelligentand philanthropic lady in Woroester countyto the Editor of the Liberator:- A thousand blessings on your head for the commentsyou made on Odd Fellowship! Surely, youhave done an unspeakable kindness to some woundedspirits, (wives of Odd Fellows,) in this place, Andhere let me ask, does not a man violate his marriage when he joins the Odd Fellows? He promisesat the altar, to share his joys and sorrows with thewife of his bosom. Can an Odd Fellow share hisjoys with his wife? No—not a word may she bepermitted to know of this devil-ordained institution.He claims it to be all good—yes, the very cream ofpurity and godliness—and yet woman, whom atanother time he would call an angel fit for the courtsof heaven, is not worthy to share a thought of thiswith him. Next to the poor slave, the wife of an OddFellow should share our sympathies. After beingrobbed of her husband's time, money, and what ismore, his society,—then ,at his death, she is to beconsoled with the sum of thirty dollars a year, withthe privilege of having the Noble Grand superintendher conduct, while she remains a widow. O,shameon such abominations ! Thank God, there is onepress through which the wrongs of poor, dawn -trodden, outraged woman may be made know; and Iappeal to you, shall it not be done? I know you feelfor her, and it will be done. If it does but relieveone poor broken heart, it will be worth the time. does not a man violate his marriage when he joins the Odd Fellows?  Noble Grand 'I cannot refrain from giving my reasons for sostrongly urging this upon you. — —, hereto-fore an uncompromising friend of the slave, hasjoined the O,F's Lodge. Yes— one who has almostfeared to go to an organized  anti-slavery meeting,lest his rights should be infringed upon, and a patronof 'The Herald of Freedom — in a word, freedom fromall restraint was his motto! And now, where is he ?Why, he is hugging to his boson ten pages of tyranny, in the form of a constitution of the Lodge. I cangive no better idea of it then to say, it has a verystrong analogy to the rules at the Charlestown convent, which found copied into a work, called 'Sixmonths in a Convent.' When you again write onthe subject, I beg you will compare the rules in theirconstitution with those of the convent, for the specialbenefit of those who are so afraid of Catholicism.We have several professional men here, good OddFellows, who are so green that they cannot, for thelife of them, see the analogy. Neither can they seethat the colored man is excluded from the lodge;they defy any one to prove that he is. I earnestlyentreat of you to take up this subject in behalf of injuredand insulted woman. When Mrs.—was informed by one of her friends, that her husbandhad joined the lodge, she said, 'I shall notbe surprised to hear that Adin Ballou (he being an intimatefriend, and one whom she )has onlistedinto the United States Army' —so astonishedwas she at such deeds of darkness. Aman who willgo and clandestinely join such a body, certainlyknows ge is perpetrating a foul deed. If set, whyshould he conceal all from his kind and amiable wife,who is gentle as a lamb in spirit, but firm as a rockin principle? Had death entered her family, it wouldnot have have been such a shock to her hopes and feelingsas this other desertion of principle in her husband. organized  'The professional  One word more, and I have done. At the Apriltown-meeting, all the town- officers, who were oddFellows, were put out of office, from the professionalgentieman to the delver in the dirt. 

 We have received—The Fourteenth Annual Repost of the Trustees ofthe Perkins Institution and Massachusetts Asylumfor the Blind. It represents that Institution to be ina flourishing condition, and will be read with pleas-ure bu the friends of philanthropy. In the Appendixis a letter from Dr. S.G. Howe to the Trustees, giv-ing the particulars of the remarkable case of LauraBridgman, the deaf, dumb and blind pupil, duringthe past year. Her store of knowledge has been verymuch increased, and she has improved in the use oflanguage. During the year, twenty - two new pupilsentered, eleven were discharged, and two died. Thenumber at this time is ninety -one. A Sermon on the Principles and Methods of theChurch of the Disciples in Boston, by the pastor,James Freeman Clarke, delivered in December last.It is published by Benjamin H. Greene. We shallgive it careful perusal. A stout pamphlet from London, entitled 'AmericaAND HER SLAVE SYSTEM'—published by Simpkin,Marshall&Co, Stationers Hall Court. On the ti-tle page are the Liberty pole and cap and the star-spangled banner, bound together by a chain, fromwhich is depending the slave driver's whip. Howexactly emblematical of American Christianity andRepublicanism. The work is 'inscribed to thosehonest, unsophisticated members of the great humanfamily, who, having the form of men, are alos bles-sed with the benignant spirit of men and Christians;and who, while they are themselves favored byProvidence to enjoy those inalienable rights withwhich they were endowed by their Creator, disdain,under any pretext, to sanction, directly or indirectlythe slighest infraction of the rights of other men,of whatsoever country or complexion.' It is terselyand powerfully written, and evinces a perfect knowl-edge of American slavery on the first of its author,whose name is not given, nor can we guess it out,He says he is totally unconnected with philanthrop-ic societies of any kind. We admire his spirit andfidelity, and will do what we can to circulate his rebukes through the Union. We have room, to-day,only for the following Written under the portrait of certain popular Ameri-Can Statesman. Lo in this hard, cast-iron featured face,An advocate of Slavery we trace,The unabashed apologist on treasonTo human rights, humanity, and reasonNo marvel, then, that SLAVEHOLDERS agreeIn coning him as their epitome,Since their injustice, impudence, and pride,In this 'accomplished' man are all personified?         ☞Who is that Statesman? Is it Calhoun or Clay? MIDDLESEX Co. A.S. SOCITEY, Rally, ye truetrends of freedom, at the meeting of this, Society inLowell, commencing at 10 o' clock this day, [Thursday]and continuing through Friday. ☞of course, we do not approve of the spirit ex.hibited in the poetical article, entitled, 'A Cloud isin the western sky,' but it shows how erroneouslythe asp porters of slavery rely on the co-operationof Ireland, in case of a was between England and theUnited States. 

 ☞Here is another long and frightful catalogueof crimes and horrors, which are constantly occrrringin the siaveholding States:- Cruel Cold - Blooded Murder:- The trial of a fiendby the name of Wait takes place some time inApril, in the State of Mississippi, for the murderof Mr. Thomas Shannon, formerly a resident ofnew Albany , Ind. The circumstances attendingMr, Shannon's murder have never been made public; but the annals of crime cannot present a morecruel fate than he suffered. His family connections,—a widowed mother, residing in New Albany, alsobrothers and sisters there, and in Jeffersonville andthis city—are all highly respectable and well to live.Mr. Shannon had resided some two or three years inmississippi, in the Yazoo county, some six miles eastof Helena, Ark. He had amassed considerable property, and at the time of his murder he had concertedit into money, preparatory to returning to New Albany, to comfort his mother in her declining age, andsettle down in his berth- place. Cruel Cold - Blooded Murder He had been married to a confiding and interestinglady of Mississippi only two months. On the dayof his murder a man living in the neighborhood,(who had worded for him,) requested Mr, Shannon,through a third person, to call at his house on partioularbusiness; he did so, not dreaming of the foulintent which he was so soon to encounter. He enteredthe fiend's house unarmed; the door was closed, and three men simultaneously drew their bowieknives on him! Finding himself thus assailed, heclenched in with the rumens, ( he was a man of grantstrength.) and throwing one against the other,kept them from stabbing him vitally for three quartersof an hour; but at each turn he was cut andhackled by the weapons constantly aiming at hisheart. While this desperate struggle was progresssing, the alarm was given, but too late; before assistancecame, one of the villains succeeded in severinghis hand from the arm, at the wrist, when he couldno longer resist successfully, and fell fainting by excrtion, to the poor, where each plunged his knifeinto his body, and all three fled. three quartersof an hour; Just as he fell, Mrs. Shannon having heard thealarm at her residence. Came running terrified intothe room, seeing the situation of her husband, sheseated herself upon the floor, and drew his head in toher lap, while from his severed arm and unnumberedwounds, the crimson gore was streaming ; wipingit from his mouth and eyes , she heard the dreadfulparticulars of his cruel fate, as life ebbed away.Shannon lived some fifteen minutes — the anguish ofthese two hearts during that time may be conjectureed, but it never can be told. The intent of the murderers was money, and thedeed was done in the presence of the wife and daughterof the man wait, who are witnesses against him.The others fled. We knew Shannon personallyWell, and a braver , better hearted man we neverKnew. His loss in deeply deplored by a young wifeawidowed mother , relatives, and numerous acquaintances—Cin. Com. Cin. Com. Battle between the students and the keepers of amenagerie—a student killed —A terrible affray occurred at Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday night,between the students of the University, and the personsattached to Raymond &Co's Menagerie. TheRichmond Republican given the following particulars: Battle between the students and the keepers of amenagerie—a student killed 'It seems that the students were disorderly andRiotous, and would not permit the showmen to clearthe circle, in order to exhibit the performances of theelephant. The keeper of the elephant, and the othershowmen, remonstrated with the refractory students,and repeatedly desired them to clear the ring, in orderthat they might proceed with the exhibition —They, however, refused, when the keeper determinedto proceed. Brought in the elephant to force thema side. As soon as this was done, the students attackedthe keeper with violence. The rent of theshowmen came to his assistance, and a general andfurious fight took place between the two parties, inWhich sticks and bludgeons were used . Our informantstates that at one time. Some five or six of thestudents were knocked down, or lying prostrate onthe ground. One, we lament to hear, who receiveda violent blow on the head, died of the wounds onSaturday night. The students were driven off, but afterwards returnedwith a reinforcement, and were about tomake another attack, when the citizens interferedand stopped them. Two of the showmen were apprehendedand lodged in jail. P.S. Since the above was written, we haveheard from other and reliable sources, more factsconnected with the affray. The name of the studentwho was killed, was —Glover, of theState of Alabama. He was a mild , quiet and amiableyoung gentleman, not engaged in the affray, butacting as pacificator. He was in the midst of thecombatants, endeavoring to quell the riot, whenhe received the blow that unfortunately terminatedhis existence. We also learn that the name of the man whoInflicted the blow by which young Glover was killedwas john J. Bailey. Bailay, we understand, hasbeen arrested. He got on the cars about six milesthis side of Beaver Dam, when he was recognizedby one of the students, who was on his way down.Bailey denied his name, but the student, who recognizedhim, made oath to his identity, and hadhim arrested. He was brought to Richmond bysome of the passengers, and lodged in jail. The slave Pauline was hung at New- Orleans on,Saturday, 28th ult. The Picayune says. 'It was painful, terrible, to see the fearful strugglesof the dying woman , for it was several minutes beforeall was over, as her neck was not broken by thefull, and she died from strangulation. At the expirationof about twenty minutes, she was taken in, andpronounced dead by the physician. As she was takenin and the gates were closed, a sort of ill- suppressedShout rose from a portion of the crowd, and graduallythe whole assembly broke up and went away. a sort of ill- suppressedShout rose from a portion of the crowd The spectacle was, as all such spectacles are, horrid, and yet the street in front of the prison wasthronged with the populace who gathered at an earlyhour to see a human being launched into eternity.There were men and boys, and boys, and women, too, with infantsin their arms, who, while they uttered exclamationof pity. Still stood and gazed Here and therewere carriages filled with female spectators; and allwere stretching their necks, standing on tip- toe,pushing and jostling each other that they might geta good sight. The coarse joke and brutal laughmight be heard, too, as if a hanging was quite a pleasantand laughable affair —a sort of cheap amusementfor the people —they seemed so jovial and jocose aboutit. The prisoner conducted herself with the usual indifference—and the mob of ten thousand who -bled to witness the scene, departed from the groundwith the usual moral purification consequent uponthe great lesson which had been taught them. Men,wonen and children—mulattoes, free negroes andslaves— were there , and from the rude jokes that wereinterchanged, and the loud laughter and happy looksof most. We are led to doubt whether any theatre orcircus could have afforded a more agreeable entertainment. Of the number of pockets picked and thequantity of whisky consumed, we cannot at presentspeak, not having full information on these ordinarybut important occurrences, but we presume that manycircumstances tending to throw light on the matterwill soon be elicited by our criminal tribunals.  Unfortunate Affray and Death —On the evening ofthe 14th ult, says the Van Buren (Ark.) Intlligencer,an unfortunate occurrence took place in the CherokeeNation, about seven miles from this place, which resultedin the death of Mr. Joseph Crossland . Thecircumstances, as we learned them, are as follows:A Mrs. Brown, Crossland's sister, and C's wife, wholived near neighbors, were at Brown's, and some difficultyensued, and they commenced to quarrel, andfrom words were about to proceed to blows, whenMrs. Brown took an old musket, which was loaded,and had the bayonet fixed, and threatened Mrs.Crosslandwith it. Crossland, arriving about this time,spoke to Brown to stop the quarrel and fight, whenBrown replied that the women would not harm eachother , and that men had better let them settle theirown difficulties. Crossland persisted in interfering,and growing angry in trying to quill the row, sturckhis sister, Mrs. B. when Brown drew a knite and infictedthe death wound. Which was in the back.Brown fled and Crossland fired a gun at him withouteffect, and died soon after. We regret very much tohear of his death — he was a quiet, good man, butvery fiery and head-strong when enraged. Brownhas made his escape. Unfortunate Affray and Death th An Affair of Honer—The  of Sat-urday afternoon, says:—we learn that a party leftthe city this morning , early, to settle a matter of 'satisfactionwhich one gentleman expects of anotherthe principals are reported to be a gentleman of thiscity and a midshipman in the U.S.N. it appearsthat the for user is charged with trifling with the affecttionsof a sister of the latter, and consequently hadbeen commanded by the father not to consider himselfrecognized by only member of the family :butnot with standing, while walking in Market-streetwith a lady, he met the brother and his sister, andtouched his hat to them, accompanied with a salutstoryremark. Both of the parties subsequently metin the Exchange  , when the brother is reportedto have struck the former twice with a came; a collisionensued, when the parties were separated. Thismorning a challenge ensued, and they have gonewith their seconds and M.D's to Cold Spring, tokill such other in cold biood. An Affair of Honer   A Hopeful father and Son—The Port Tobacco,Md. Times of the 24th ult. Notices  brought beforethe court at that place, which is enough to makethe heart sicken. The parties were Zachariah Dentand his son Alfred, each awearing his life against theother, and testifying that they had had sundry fightswith clubs, knives, &c , and the old father , to swellthe catalogue, testified to his having been shot at witha ball, and exhibited his arm to the court, to showthat his son, in one of their affrays, had broken it.  William Godfrey was found dead, with his throatcut, near Beltsville, in prince William County, va.,on the 2nd inst, Supposed to have been murdered. Exicution—Moses Henry, a negro slave, convictedof the murder of Delila Fisher, a free negro woman,in January last, and sentenced to be hung, was yesterdayexecuted near the city Alms House, We understandthat a large number of persons witnessedthe awful scene —Rishmond Eng. Exicution Rishmond Eng. Murder—The Springfield, Mo. Democrat saysa murder has been committed in our very midst,which it makes one's blood chill to relate. On Fridaylast, George Young, living about ten miles West ofthis, struck his little daughter , 8 or 9 years old, witha hoe, splitting her skull, following the first blowwith others, beating her head and cutting her neckthe cries of the child brought the mother to the horrid scene. She took up her dead child and started tothe house . young followed, tore the child from hiswife, and cut out its entrails. He then prevented fromkilling her, by the timely arrival of some neighborsdoubts are entertained of Young's sanity. Murder The Lexington, (Miss.) Advertiser, gives and account of an affray at Richland, in Holmes County,on the 7th ult. Between Richard Gage of that county,and Jacob Varnell and Lewis Alexander of Rankin.It appears that in the midst of a squabble about ahorse race, Alexander knocked Gage down. Gagerose, went into a house, and soon re-appeared with adouble- barrel gun, both barrels of which he fired, thearound wounding Alexander mortally in the thigh.Varmell, in this time, came into the fight, and shotGage through the shoulder with a pistol. AlexanderDied in half an hour of the gunshot wound, andGage died the 9th of the pistol shot. Varnell, theonly survivor, has been arrested and committed fortrial. An affray occurred at Talboton, Georgia, on the22d ult. Between two young men of the name ofchamcers and Ceily, in the course of which Ceilycut Chambers nearly in two with a bowie -knife—chambers lived about a minute. Ceily was immedistelyarrested and imprisoned. The Beauties of Slavery—We heard to-day of amost cruel and inhuman murder committed by a mannamed West, upon a slave, the property of Dr. HughMarshall, near Selma. The nergo , we understatd,Was whipped to death—his body is said to have beendisgustingly lacerartd. West had lately come tothis State from Georgia, whither it is supposed hehas fled —Dallas (Ale. )  4th inst. The Beauties of Slavery Dallas (Ale. )  4th inst.  Murder —The Centreville Advocate of the 28thUlt., given the following particulars of a murder inbibb county, Alabama:—Martin Walker, a worthycitizen of this county, who lived about four milesNorth of Maplesville, was shot through the beart witha rifle ball, on last Sunday evening, while fasteningthe door of his stable, by a negro boy belonging toMrs, Riggins, the mother-in-law of Walker. TheNegro had taken the gun with which the murder wasperpetrated , from the house of one of the neighbors,on Sunday evening, and did not return it until twoor three hours after dark, which caused suspicion torest upon him. As soon as this was knows, stepswere taken, and the negro was arrested on Monday ,while he was busily engaged in assisting to dig thegrave for the interment of the deceased. Soon afterhe was taken into custody, he acknowledged hisguilt, but he assigns no reason for the atrociouscrime. Murder Bloody Outrage —A few months ago, says theLouisville Journal, a young man from near snowhill, Maryland, named David T. Rilry, Came to thatcity with the intention of practicing law. Not findingsufficient encouragement , he went about four milesis the country , on or near the Fiat Lick road, andtook a school. On Wednesday last, a young manfrom Shelby county, named Richard Merriwether,Jr., went to Mr. Riley's school house, called him out,and, under the pretence that Mr.R. had reported aremark of a question of his concerning a gentlemanin the neighborhood, stabbed him five times ; woundinghim severely and most dangerously. The physiccianssay that Mr. R. will probably die, unless oneof his arms be amputated. And he refuses to submitto amputation. Meriwether was pursued, but no informationhad been received of his arrest. Bloody Outrage Another Tragedy —The Little Rock ( Ark.) Gazetteof the day previous by Wm. Triplett, Commissioner for theset , it is presumed and hoped that Mr. Triplett waslaboring under an aberration of mind at the time. Another Tragedy  Fatal Rencontre —The Lexington (Missouri) Advertiserof the 28th ult. States that an affray tookplace in that city on the 17th ult. Which resulted ingrocery of a German named Cleff, when a difficultyarose between them . Cleff fired a pistol loaded withbuckshot, six of which took effect in the abdomen ofJenkins. He died in about and hour. Fatal Rencontre The Texas News of the 10th states that Captailhaigler, formerly a member of Congress from Sanpatricio county, was not long since shot through theheart by a Mr.Pool . The act was committed in thetown of Goliad. Capt. Hsigler expired instantly,and Pool was placed under arrest. The circumstanceswhich led to this unfortunate event art not given. Lamentable Occurrence—We learn from the lndependence, Mo. Expositor, that during the sitting of aMagistrate's court, recently, in Van Buren county, aMr. Estes and a Mr. Anderson had a personal confict,Which resulted in the instant death of the latter. TheDifficulty originate in Anderson impeaching the tesTimonyof Eates, Which the latter resented, and theencounter immediately ensued. Anderson got Eatesdown, and was dealing heavy blows upon him, whenEstes drew a penknife, a Penknife, and stabbed him some haldozen times, and he fell back a lifeless corpse. Eatenwas admitted to bail, and it is rumored that he hassince disappeared ; some suppose for the purpose ofevading justice, while other think be has been summarilydealt with by Anderson's friends. Lamentable Occurrence Horrible—On Saturday, 25th ult., near Hageratown, Md., a German woman by the name of Manybreaker, committed an assault upon Henry Caldwell,by striking him upon the head with the sharp part ofan axe. The would, it is said, will probably resultin the death of Caldwell Horrible Another Dreadful Murder —The Felicians Whigcontains a communication from Greenaburg, La.,dated March 26th which details a most revolting easeof cold-blooded murder. The unfortunate victim wasMr. Wm. Self. Another Dreadful Murder It seems that on Sunday night, the 28th ult. Whilesitting by his own fireside, in the midst of his family,He was instantly killed by some a  who shothim through a window, loaging eight buck shot inhis body, one of which passed directly through thebrain. Sunday night, the 28th  A little son of Mr. Self had been sitting on his father's knee, and his wife engager dreasing a slightwound on his hand, which circumstances probablyprolonged his life a few moments. The murderer isunknown, and the affair a mystery–N.O. Pic. April7th Melancholy Affair—We learn from a gentlemanfrom St. Mary a county, that at Charlotte Hall, onFriday last, while an examination of some charecterwas going on before a magistrate, a difficulty arosebetween Mr. Blackistone, State Senator, from St.Mary's county, and George G. Ashcomb, Esq., duringwhich weapons were drawn. While the parties werein the position, a young man, a lawyer, drew a pistol,and stepping up behind Mr. Ashcomb, fired a ballinto his head. He was not dead at the last accounts,but no hope was entertained that he could surviveWe understand that Mr. Blackistone represented theinterests of the family of the young man who firedthe piston, in the case which was going on. Theseare all the partientars we could learn of this sadaffair—Baltimore, Sun, April 6 Melancholy Affair Dreadful—The Weodrille (Md.) Republican giventhe following particulars of a dastardly act recentlycommitted in Wilkinson county. Mr James Hill, aplanter, was sitting beside a table, conversing withhis lady, on the evening of the 19th utl., when somefend discharged a gun, which took effect in his leftcheek bone, and passed through the other. How low-shot passed through his nose, one eye destroyed, andtwelve buck-shot lodged in his head. There are nohopes entertained of his recovery. Falal Affray—A difficulty occurred at a ten pinAlley in Macon; on the 31st ult, between a Mr. Dan-aelly and a Mr. Collins, which resulted in the deathof the latter. Collins fired five times with a revolvingpistol at Dannelly, who was slightly wounded in the The latter discharged his pistol but twice, thesecond ball of which proved fatal—Sav. Repub. Falal Affray  Detection of a Murderer—The Spartanburg (S.C.)journal of the 1st inst. States that the negro mandave, for whom a reward of six hundred dollars hasbeen offered, and who is the supposed murderer ofcapt. Nathaniel Vance, of Laurens district, was lodg-ed in Spartanburg jail on Monday last. A  Murdered—Last night a week ago, aprivate belonging to the company at U.S. Dragoonsstationed near Evansville, was murdered near thatplace in the most cowardly manner by Madison Ger-ring, a citizen of the United States  Bloody Affray—On Saturday night some angrywords, we understand, passed between Mr. David M.Melntire, of the firm of Melntire &Brother, of thiscity, and Mr. Worden Pope Mercer, clerk at Greg-cry &Cu's lottery office. Last night a little aftermidnight, the parties met, accidentally, we suppose,at the corner of Third and Market Streets, and Mr.Mercer shot Mr. Mclntire in the head with a pistol.Mr. Melutire was taken to Walker's coffee-househis brain cosing in large quantities from his skull. Allpossible and was rendered him, but he died at 3 o'clk.Mr. Mercor is a now in custody—Louisvelle Journal,Thursday. Bloody Affray Horrible Murder in New Albany—We learn that ahorribly cut and mangled his wife with an axe onMonday last, that she died yesterday morning. Jeal-ousy was said to have been the cause. Fess was ar-rested, and is now in the New Albany jail.—Louis.couries, of Thursday Horrible Murder Homicids—A man named James Morre was sobadly beaten at a lavern in Huntsville, North Caro-lina, some days ago, that he died of the wounds andbroises. The landlord and bar-keeper were arrested,changed with the crime, but released for want ofproof Homicids Consider of Murder—Barney, the slave of Mr.John White, changed with the murder of Philander,a slave of Mr. E.B White, was tried yesterday beforea jury of freeholders, Magistrates G.W. CooperJ.A. Gyles presiding. He was found guilty, andsentenced to be hung on the fourth Friday (22nd)may—Charleston Mercury, Saturday Consider of Murder Another Tragical Affray—Mr. E.T. Able, wasshot at Bradenburgh, Ky. last week, by Wm. Found-tain. The ball entered the abdomen and passing en-tirely through the body. came out near the backbone. It is said that Able grossly insulted the sisterof Fountains, and that in consequence, the latter shothim at sight. Able is not expected to live. Affray—The Columbus (Ga.) Times of the 8thinst. says—One of those bloody recontres whichscandalize the age in which we live, took place onSaturday last, between S.F.Wingate and John Con-ley. It originated in an old quarrel which broke outafresh in a billiard room—Conley is said to have beenthe aggresoor and after some words and scuffleWingute fired at the head of the other at the distanceof a few feet, and shattered his jaw. Wingate es-caped to  and Conley is in a precarious situation Affray  A shocking murder was committed in the parish ofSt. Landry, Le, lately, upon the body of a beautifulyoung girl. The corpse was picked up near themouth of the Cotaubleau. No clue to theperpetra-tors has as yet been discovered. Murder at Fort Scott.—A delachment of six dra-goons of company A. under command of Lieut. Whit-tlesey, arrived here on Sunday evening last, with oneof their company in irons—a man named Baconcharged with shooting a fellow-soldier named Evansat the Font. An examination of the case was had be-fore the U.S District Court at St. Louis. The affairgrew out of whipping a dog—Jefferson (Mo.) Inq. Outrage and Probable Muder—A man namedBrown, a resident of Jonesborough, Tenn. was re-cently shot by another named Jacob Harvey, whilewalking with his wife, and though not dead, but lit-tle hopes were entertained of his surving. Harveyfled immediately .The affair originated in a disa-greement between the parties concerning some land. A wagoner named Martin, passing through a turn-pike in the county of Orange Virginia, either struckor attempted to strike a child with his whip. Sev-eral individuals, on his return, assaulted him andbeat him as severely that he died. Fourof the partywere imprisoned. Affray—The Muscogee (Ga) Democrat publishas an account of an affray between Col. Hughesand Joseph Jernigan at Cuthbert, Randolph Co., onthe 29th ult., which resulted in the death of the lat-ter, from a rifle shot. The Coroner's jury pronounc-ed it self-defence. A man named Alexander Goslin has been com-mitted to jail in Prince William County, Va. on sus-picion of having murdered a few days since, a mannamed James Godfrey. A young man named Johnson Spaulding, who re-sides near Leonard town, in St. Mary's county; Me.shot a deaf and dumb negro last week. At first shedenied having shot the man, and took an oath to theeffect. After wards he confessed the act, but averrestthat it was accidental. He has absconded, and offi-cers are in pursuit of him. A Row— The Frederick (Md) Herald learns thatquite a row took place at Emmittaberg on Saturdaylast. A black boy, who had kept a barber shop, wasknocked down in his shop, seized and tied by a manof the name of Thomas Finnegan, who was dragginghim to a carriage in waiting to take him to Baktimoreon the pretext that he was the slave of a Mr. Kellyof Baltimore. While thus dragging him, a numberof persons collected, who, feeling indignant at thetreatment of the boy, interfered and rescued him fromthe hands of those who were about thus to dispose ofhim. 

 BROTHER GARRISON: ROTHER ARRISON very cheerfully do I respond to the call of ourfriend Cobb. Editor of the 'Christian Freeman,' forthe publication of his private note to me, assigningreasons for declining to insert my article in his paper.had I received the Liberator containing his request afew days earlier than I did, I should have forwardedthe subjoined note in season for your last paper. ButI was absent torn home saver days: and the paperdid not tall into my hands, until it was too late forme to send this, with anything like a reasonable prospactof its appearing in print, at the earliest period, before the date of this present number. Brother Cobb seems to think that my communicantiondid him some injustice. Concerning this, I willmerely remark, that I have harbored no intention todo him anything but strict justice; and if any langaugeI have employed wears the semblance of thecontrary, its coloring was not the work of any 'artof design, 'The few lines which prefaced my article, nted in the Liberator of April 10th, were tingedWith the impressions received from a personal interViewand friendly conversation which I had held withMr. Cobb, at his office, an hour or two before theyWere written, as well as from the note hereto appended. justice;  My sole object in writing the article referred to,Was to correct what I honesty conceived to be a misrepresentation. We all know that the individual assailedin the article which I briefly reviewed, needsno assistance in the single matter of self-defence. Heis man-grown, intellectually and morally. But thereare many well-meaning people, obliged to toil so constantlyfor the means of subsistence, that they are debarredthe privilege of extensive reading, and nearlyall the impressions which they receive concerningMr. Parker and his views are obtained from the reprecantationsof the 'Christian Freeman,' and someother papers, whose editors (in my humble opinion,for which I am not morally to blame,) are laboringunder a misapprehension, which is the legitimate offspring of a one-sided, prejudicial view of the case.I wrote for the benefit of those who, as I think, arethus misled; and my conscience dictated to me that,by do doing, I should inquiry and truth. For this reason, more than all others, I regret the non-appearanceof my article in the 'Freeman,' as through thatmedium, it might have reached some whose mindswould thereby have been set right: I. e., of course.right in my humble estimation; for I assume nothingbordering upon infallibility of judgment. my humble estimation; I cannot conceive that anything detrimental to thetruth, or to the welfare of humanity, could possiblehave accrued from the insertion of my friendly articlein the paper, to whose conductor is was first sent. Butas my long-known and highly respected friend Cobbchose to decline its publication, I can only any that IWish it had been otherwise; while I accord to himperfect sincerity and uprightness, in considerationof the powerful influence of mental prepossessionif we feel confident that we occupy the position oftruth and Right, why should we be apprehensive inthe least concerning the discussion of any topic, withany person, (nominally associated with us, or otherwisesituated,) so along as such discussion in pervadedon either hand by the spirit of brotherly love ? Welive in an age of intense mental activity. A attainstionof the spirit of earnest inquiry in the minds ofthe great mass of the people is now entirely out ifthe question—in this quarter of the world, at leastnew England is a great crucible, wherein the social,political, moral and theological elements, especiallythe latter, are 'melting with fervent heat. ' Thankgod that it is so ! Good shall came of it; my soulis not alarmed . I have no dread of what is called for by the instinct of mankind'not think I that God's world will fall apart;because we tear a parchment more or less.'    A brighter 'day-spring from on high' is , I believe,Yet to dawn upon the nations. And ever when Ithink of it, my heart glows more warmly with fraternallove for universal man, and with a desire to con.tribute some humble influence to accelerate the progreaseof improvement. 'As I muse, the fire burns, 'until every chilling sensation, occasioned by the harshWinds of prevalent bigotry, sensualism, fraud, hatred,cupidity and oppression, are all absorbed in the glowing, blissful, deep-felt conviction that our race shallenter upon the enjoyment of freedom, both bodilyand metal, more complete than any which man hasyet realized,—that every thing inimical to humanwelfare, however strongly entrenched, shall fallaway before the advancing might of Truth and Love,as a waxen statue, with bold visage , and arm raisedin defiance , will melt down into a mis-shapen mass,if exposed at boon -day to the rays of an uncloudedJuly sun ! But I must stop, lest I weary the readers of thispaper by comments unnecessarily protracted, in relationto a matter respecting which they will perhapsthink there has been already 'enough said.' It is some what doubtful whether, I should havebeen quite so solicitous as I was for the I was for the insertion ofmy article in Br. Cobb's paper, had it not been forthe fact that he has published, nearly every week,for several months part, the following serious inquiries;   Have I misrepresented any war's opinions ?  Have I misrepresented any war's opinions ? Have I done injustice to any man's character ? Have I done injustice to any man's character ? Have I been faithful to reprove aim, doing it in thespirit of love for the sinner? Have I labored with a desire to promote truth and holiness? Let our friends communicate with us freely on thesematters.' Let our friends communicate with us freely on thesematters.' Now, being one of Br. Cobb's sincere 'friends,'and verily believing that he had 'misrepresented'one 'man's opinions,' I was moved to 'communicatefreely;' with him in regard to that subject AllWhich was done in perfect good will, and as committee-chairmen say,' respectfully submitted,' J.PRINCE. south Danvers, Mass. ☞The following is the private note, the publicationof which has been requested. Boston, March 31, 1846. BR. PRINCE; R. RINCE I have received your vindication of Theodore parker, per hand of Br. Spear, but in my decided viewsif the subject, my obligations to you as a friend anda ministering brother, and to the denomination ofChristians to which we belong, will not allow me topublish it at present. I have no wish to trammelthought, or to suppers inquiry. If this communicationhad came from any other quarter, I would havepublished and unraveled it. But you and I have, insolemn ordination, received the Scriptures at thehand of our brethren as the rule of faith and practice,the man of our counsel, the text-book of our ministry;and though we have the privilege of throwing off thispledge, if we came to think that it was taken in ignorance, yet we ought first to place ourselves in such anattiude as that our brethren shall not be obliged the consequences of our experiments. Before I say tothe public, I am dissatisfied with the Bible, on theground of its being a collection of writings made in thedark ages. By the by the so called mother of abominations,'and throw this out as an unqualified description ofthe book, which is to our fraternity the 'sacred Vol-ume I will so change my relations in society as toany it upon my own responsibility alone.  public But I have not time to go this matter at lengthnow. I shall like an opportunity for private conversation. As it respects my representation o parker, I cannotperceive that I have, in the least shade, sinnedagainst the principles of my weekly self-examinations.it I have misrepresented him, then I have lost mysenses. If there is no difference between a 'collectionof legends, and s simple reliable gospel history,then I an in a bewildered dream. 'prejudice 'is ifthat will hot regard things opposite as being legitimatelyentitled to the same name ? if the denial ofthe real miracles of Christ, and of that which hasbeen commonly understood by supernatural inspirationdoes not either make Christ an impostor, or the writera of his reputed history fabulists sad himself a flo-titious person, then  as use is of no . use. Ifyou and I should not down to the New Testamenttogether, I would show this matter to you in noonday light  With regard to Br. Dads, I never read his lecturesWhich you refer to, dos have I ever understood himas denying the reality of all which the new Testamentascribes to Jesus. Nor do I understood anysuch thing of Br. Fish bough. It I should findeither of them an that ground, I should view them asI do others when I find them. As to my own lectures, to which you make allusion, I have made useof the discoveries of Mesmerism in relation to thepowers of mind, as aiding us in a conception of thelegitimacy of the action of mightier mind, endowedof God to that end, in the performance of those wondirefulworks which the new Testament ascribes toJesus and his apostles. and between an attempt toillustrate the reasonableness of faith in the miraclesof the Bible, and a 'public rejection' of them, there isan infinite difference. powers of mind You, Br. Prince, seem to be very conscientiouslyconcerned for the reputation of T. Parker. Do notthink it strange that I am as conscientiously concornedfor the reputation of Jesus and his apostles,and of the New Testament Christianity. But in defenceof them, I shall never need to do any man in-justice. I have great confidence, Br. Prince, in your goodnessof heart, but your present attitude concerns me.I trust you will think again before you commit yourselfupon the positions which you seem to haveassumed. Do not fail to call on one the earliest opportunity. yours in Christian love, S.COBB. 

 BOSTON, April 98, 1846. OSTON WN. L. GANNISON: N. ANNISON DEAR FRIEND, -I presume it will be a pleasureto you, and to the friends of the writing and printingreformation, to know that I have in this city, in successful progress, an adult class in Phonotopy, consistingof nearly thirty colored persons, some ofwhom cannot read in the old way. Among thenumber who are unable to read are several of ourSouthern friends, and a woman about sixty yearsold, who was once a slave in the State of New York.her freedom was purchased by her husband for thesum of $400, after paying the same amount for himself, and $20 for their infant son, in its mother'sarms!! The class will meet the remainder of thismonth in a room occupied on the Sabbath for worshipin Belknap place. We meet at the hours of 8and 7 in the morning, and at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Some citizens, and a few persons from abroad,have favored us with a call. If others are disposedto do so, we shall be happy to see them. EAR RIEND, Southern friends, Mr. Hiram Wilson gave us a call before breakFastand seemed not a little interested. I hope hewill soon be able to introduce the among theforgive slaves, or, rather, freed man of Upper Canada. I view this reform as a great lever, by which thecondition of the human family is to be morally andintellectually raised. If, at the time of British emancipation, this new method of reading and writinghad been introduced among the stricken and smitteninhabitants of those. Verdant islands, what heartcheerings would now have been the result ! Nowithering blast of discouragement would then havesucceeded the full glowing hope of high intellectualattainments, in any of those untutored minds thathave since given up in despair under the ponderousload of English Orthography. The advocates of languagereform may toil, and anxiously lament theapathy of an enlightened people, but they are destinedat no distant period to receive the heartfeltgratitude of the wise and the good. I also have a class of colored gentlemen and ladies,In Phonography, and shall commence another onThursday evening next, for beginners, and on Saturdaynext I shall begin with a class of colored childrenin the same study. The colored people in Providence seam quite interested, and have formed a Phonographic Society. Yours for reform, PRUDENCE C. PHILLEO. [Mrs. Philleo, it may not be known to all our readare, was formerly the celebrated Miss Prodense Crazdell, of Canterbury, of Connection, whose trials andpersecutions in her noble efforts to give instructionto young colored females in that Stats will everconstitute a prominent feature in the eventful historyif the colored population of the United States, andcommand for her the gratitude and admiration ofposterity. The novel experiment which she is nowmaking in this city in Phonotypy, with her characteristicseal and assiduity, is deserving of special encouragement; and we trust also will have manyfriendly visitors to her school.]-Ed. Lib 

 We are always gratified to hear from our intelligentand much esteemed London correspondent,EDWARD SEARCH, (the signature is a fictitious one,)or his letters are always instructive, and to the point.as to the Oregon question, he may rely upon it thatthere has not been at any moment, and is not now,any danger of a war between this country and England. The South rules the United States, and shewill never contend with England, or any other power, for a strip of free territory to be added to theUnion.In every such case, 'compromise' and 'concession' are her watchwords; but when she wantsmore slave territory, she will run any risk, especiallyWhen she has so freebie a power as Mexico for an antagonist. She means to subjugate all Mexico, andshe will do it, unless there be a speedy dissolution ofthe American Union. DWARD EARCH, for a strip of free territory to be added to theUnion. 

 To the exclusion of much other matter, but nonemore important, we give the numerous instructiveletters which have been forwarded to us by our faithfulcotor HRRAY C. WRIGHT, received by himfrom ement Christians and philanthropists in GreatBritain, respecting the American Union and theScottish Free Church, in relation to their connexionbe read with deep interest, but they will produce astrong effect on the public mind in this country.—the genius of Burns seems to have inspired 'SaundersKenyequae,' in recording 'The Boy Tanny'smeditations' on the guilt of the Free Church in seekingthe aid and fellowship of American slaveholders.[See our poetical department.]  RRAY RIGHT,  

