 Among the many aboard and alignment chargeswhich have been brought against the faithful andunstaring friends of imbruted slave, in order tocripple their anti slavery influence and embarrassestheir operations, the most abourn and malignant ofthem all has been the charge that they are 'infidels.'It annually comes from sources so corrupt,from persons so noter easily time-serving,—and is soobviously preposterous in the eyes of all candidmen,—that we seldom attempt to treat it seriously,and always regard it as a real panegyric. We give,below, the substance of an excellent approach, madeat the Faneuil Hall Bazaar, last week, on this subject,by the Rev. SAMUEL MAY, late of Leicester:— AMUEL AY 'The last time that I was in this Hall, previous tothe occassion which, during this week, has assembledus so happily together, a vast multitude filledthis floor and these galleries, who had come togetherto consider what should be done, in reference tothe recent kidnapping of a man in Boston streets.Many, daughter, are here now, who were presentthen, and many remember that one gentleman whostood here—a man respected and honored as extensivelyas he is known—said he had never expected totake the speakers stand in old Faneuil Hall. In thatfeeling, I am sure I deeply sympathies now; Ieelthat I can only be here as preliminary to others, as anintroducer of others more worthy of your attention. introducer Very briefly, I would say some words of the 'infidelity'of the Anti-Slavery movement; of the 'infidelity'of the cause which has assembled you hereto-night, and which has called forth the patient andself-denying labor of so many hands and hearts,the evidences of which we now see thickly strewedabout us. You know that from one quarter in particular—from some of those who claim to be, is anespecial manner, the elect of God—the cry of 'infidelity'has been raised against the Anti-Slaverymovement. Sad, indeed, it is to think that those,who, above all others, claim to be Christ's churchand representatives upon earth, can see only infidelityin a work like this. infidelity I shall not attempt a formal discussion of thismatter; to do so might become too much likepreaching, and I am sure you do not want to hear asermon from me to-night. This charge of infidelityis not a new one against those who espouse andcarry forward great reform movements. Infidelityand blasphemy are terms ever ready to the hand ofthe crafty and selfish opponents of freedom and right. infidelity Infidelity blasphemy This subject has been fully and very extensivelydiscussed, during the past summer and autumn, inGreat Britain. Even there, many, from whom betterthings were expected, have been found ready totake up and throw about this weak and bigoted cry.Let me refer, as one example, to the London 'ChristianWitness,' and its able editor, Dr. Campbell.This man, speaking somewhat with the authority ofa large and powerful 'evangelical' sect, has venturedto condemn as an 'infidel' and an enemy of theChurch of Christ, the standard bearer of our cause,WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON, thus echoing the slave-holder'scry here. But hear that Dr. Campbellfarther says. After bringing these heavy chargesagainst Mr. Garrison, on account of the manner inwhich he has discharged his anti-slavery duty, hehimself makes the signal admission, that theChurches, of America, with regard to this wholesubject of slavery, are 'STEEPED IN OUILT'! It isnot merely that they are in error; not merely that,in the darkness of a dark age, they have sunk belowa position previously held; but, he says, they are'steeped in guill.' What has Mr. Garrison, or anyabolitionist, ever said of the Church, more severe,more condemnatory than this? Nothing; save toadd, that a church 'steeped in guilt' could not bethe Church of the Lord Jesus Christ. And yet, tosuch a Church as his, so thoroughly penetrated bythe poison of its sins, Dr. Campbell would stretch outthe hand of cordial Christian fellowship, and denounceMr. Garrison and others as 'infidels,' becausethey would not! ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON guill. The difference between the Church, so-called,and these infidels, of whom Dr. Campbell speaks,seems to be in this,—that the former (distrustingthe power of the Gospel,) say, 'It is not yet timeto do this anti-slavery work; it is not safe; wemust wait for a more suitable and convement season;while the latter say, 'Not so, but now, whileit is an accepted time, we will raise our standard;now, in the strength of God, and with the sword ofhis spirit, we will fight this good fight; now, whileit is called to-day, we will demand that freedom forall, wherewith God would have us free.' now The infidelity of the anti-slavery movement consistsin this simple thing, that it has outstripped thechurches of the land, in the practical application ofChristianity to the wants, wrongs and oppressionsof our own age, and our own country. It has daredto go in advance of the churches, and, in doingso, has put them to shame. It has made them feelthat shame; and now, unwilling to acknowledgetheir wrong, and to seek for themselves healing andcleansing where alone these can be found, they cryout upon those who torment them, 'Infidels.' Infidels!Away with them; it is not fir that theyshould live!' infidelity feel I believe that the anti-slavery movement, beyondall others, has applied Christianity, in its wholespirit and purposes, to the state of society existingaround us. It has uttered, in earnest and, uncompromisingtones, Christ's own words, and in thespirit of faithfulness has thundered them in the earsof a wicked, an adulterous, and oppressive generation.And for doing this,—for demanding that thelaw of Christ should be recognized as the obligatorylaw of individuals, and of the nation, to be appliedto all the relations between man and man,—for this,and this alone, has it been denounced as infidel andtrailor,—traitor to the country, and infidel to God.It is in such infidelity only, that man has any hope.Let us have it. Would we had more of it! Aslong as the spirit of God, in our hearts, brings nosuch accusations as these against us, let ys not fearthem when they come from the tips of men; butcontinue, earnestly laboring together, till all shallsee and confess that this is a most righteous, a mostsacred, a most Christian warfare. infidel trailor such I think the subject not inappropriate to this placeand occasion. I have asked myself, as I lookedaround this Hall, could infidelity produce such resultsas we see here? Could infidelity inspire thehearts and minds, and nerve the hands of the many personswho have sent hither this multitude of beautiful,and rare, and costly things? No! these areholy offerings. The fingers of the blind and the poorhave moved, to swell the contributions to this cause.Little children have employed their holiday seasons,and even deprived themselves of a portion of theirsimple food, that they might prepare an offering, tosend up hither. No! it is not infidelity, that cansupply the food for so much devotion, and patience,and self-sacrifice, as are here evinced. infidelity infidelity holy I shall now have the pleasure of announcing toyou another speaher. Notice has already been given,that the Address of ten thousand Women ofEdinburgh, Scotland, to the Women of America,would be unrolled and read here to-night. It willbe read by one, to whom the highest tribute of ourrespect is due. When I mention the name of ASAYKILLEY, now ABBY KELLEY FOSTER, I speak of onewhose anti-slavery exertions and sacrifice most putmany of us to shame. Taking her health, say, herlife, in her hand, and bearing hatred, and scorn, andinsult, for the sake of humanity and the right, shehas gone, forth, preaching through the Eastern,Middle, and Western States of our land, the words oftruth and freedom, till their influence has been feltin every State where she has set her foot. Whilesuch live and labor in this cause, we may reconcileourselves to the trusts and accusations of allour opponents.' SAY ILLEY BBY ELLEY OSTER ☞ The following short but cognent appeal wasput into our hands, during our late visit to Scot-land. Kirkealdy is a small town, adjaornt to the cityof Edinburgh, and is deeply imbued with he antislaveryspirit. We shall ever remember, with feelingsof delight, the public reception given to mainthat place. THE COMMITTEE OF THE KIRKCALDYFEMALE ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY TOTHEIR SISTERS OF THE UNITED STATESOF AMERICA. DEAR SISTER: EAR ISTER With the loving voice of Christian charity,would we ask you,—is it not passing strange—may,is it not blasphemous, to call that hand by the holyname of Christian, which allows three millions ofits inhabitants to be degraded beneath the beasts ofthe field,—human beings, created in the likeness oftheir heavenly Father, groaning under the lash oftheir hard taskmasters—pure little ones torn fromthe arms of their mothers, to be sold at the sectionblock, at so much per pound—wives separated fromtheir husbands, never in this state of existenceagain to meet—the aged left to die without a gentleone to comfort them—these, with all the otherevils of slavery, can these find a home in a Christianclime? Sisters! your hearts answer, never! Then standnot idly by: open your eyes to the grow wickednessthat surrounds you; with heart and soul, exert yourinfluence on the side of your poor enslaved brothersand sisters, and heartily take part with the trueand noble women among you. God has given you talents—oh, use them in hiscause, the cause of truth and liberty! He made ofone blood all nations of men; how then in believingthis, can you uphold slavery? all Sisters, in love we entreat you; hearken to ourvoice, weak though it be, and with one heart andsoul, call aloud for the freedom of the degraded;and slavery, that monster anomaly, shall soon ceaseto blot the fair face of a country, professing, aboveall others, the equality of man, and claiming, aboveall others, to be the home of the free! Labor— one Until no captive one,Murmur on land or wave,And, in his course, the sunLooks down upon no slave!    down upon Signed on behalf of the Committee, MARGARET WOTHERSPOON, Sec. Kirkcaldy. 30th October, 1846. 

 Let all who wish success to the FFaneuil Bazaar,and who have not yet exhausted their pecuniary a-bility to ensure that success, resemblance that this isTHE LAST DAY AND EVENING that it will remain open,and govern themselves accordingly. Thus far, theamount realized has exceeded that of any precedingyear, but it is not so large as the emergencies of theaugment the sum. The supply of useful and beauti-ful articles is still most attractive and abundant. We have not attempted to give any account of theappearance of the Hall, or of the numerous contribu-tions, because we know it will be prepared and dulypublished by one whose powers of description areequal ot the great yet pleasing task. Answer thosewho have addressed the assembly, gathered fromevening to evening, have been Wendell Phillips,Parker Pillsbury, James N. Buffum, Abby KelleyFoster, Samuel May, James Freeman Clarke, WilliamHenry Channing, Edmund Quincy, Addison Davisand W.L. Garrison. The thrilling Address of theWomen of Edinburgh to the Women of the UnitedStates was read by Mrs. Foster, and eloquently en-forced, and excited much curiosity on account of theenormous length of the roll of signatures. The sameAddress was read at the Worcester country meetingon Sunday evening last, before a large audience, andwith great effect. 

 The following notice of a public meeting at St.Louis, called to devise measures for the greater se-curity of 'negro property,' appears in the papers : 'SLAVE MEETING. A meeting has been held inSt. Louis to take measures to 'protect slave prop-erty against the evil designs of Abolitionists andothers.' Funds were raised, and 'commissioners'appointed whose names are to be kept secret.Resolutions were passed, condemning all 'negropreaching and negro-teaching,' and against negroesbeing away from their homes, with or without theconsent of their masters, after dark. Also a me-morial was adopted, asking the Legislature to passlaws forbidding all 'schools for the education ofthe blacks, whether taught by black or white;' thatfree blacks or mulattoes, now residing in, but notborn in the State, be removed—that no slaveshereafter to be emancipated, be suffered to remainin the State and that no meeting for religiousworship be allowed to negroes, except in the daytime, and then only when the services are conduct-ed by a regularly ordained white minister or priest,The resolutions and memorial were adopted unani-mously.' EETING. Another account states that an 'Anti-AbolitionSociety' was organized, with President, Vice Presi-dent, Treasurer and Secretary. A finance com-mittee was also appointed, whose duty it is to spyout Abolitionists and bring them to 'justice.' justice. The following are the resolutions passed by thismeeting: Resolved, That the President of this associationbe requested, in the name of this meeting, to me-morialize of the city authorities to adopt such ordi-nances as may be necessary to prevent all negroesfrom leaving the home of their masters, after dark,whether with or without permission of their em-ployer; and that proper signals be given in at leastthree points of the city, announcing the time fornegroes to retire. all negroes Resolved, That our fellow-citizens throughoutthe State be requested to organize similar societies,and adopt like means with our own, for the moreeffectual protection of their slave property, and theexecution of the laws against the abduction ofslaves. Resolved,  That this meeting consider all negroteaching dangerous to the happiness, quiet andsafety of our above population, in view of which,we earnestly request the city authorities to enactordinances effectually to prevent the continuanceof these evils. 

 The Annual Anti-Slavery Fair of the EasternPennsylvania Society took place week before last,beginning on Thursday evening, Dec. 17, and continuingthrough Friday and Saturday. It was eminentlysuccessful, in every respect. The display ofarticles was very abundant and elegant, and the demandseemed to be, in a good degree, commensuratewith the supply. It was held in a very beautifulHall, the Assembly Rooms, the fine proportions, thedraperies and mirrors of which, added greatly to theeffect of the scene. The compartments of the wallswere filled with appropriate mottoes, and over thedoor of entrance, the watchword of the AmericanSociety, was inscribed in conspicuous characters. The tableswere over-arched with evergreen, and their arrangementand decoration marked by the greatesttaste and elegance. The attendance was numerous throughout theFair, and crowded in the evenings, particularly onFriday evening, when the Hutchinson Family contributedtheir songs to the success of the occasion.On that evening and the next afternoon, there wasspeaking in a saloon, opening out of the Hall of theFair. The pecuniary result exceeded that of anypreceding year, by at least a third,—the receiptsamounting to no less a sum than FIFTEEN HUNDREDDOLLARS. The ladies, and all besides, concerned inthe Fair, seemed to be very much gratified by thesuccess which crowned their labors. On Tuesday evening, a public meeting was held inFranklin Hall, which was addressed by Messrs. CyrusM. Burleigh, James N. Buffum, and myself.The audience was a large one, and seemed to be attentiveand interested in the occasion. On Thursdayand Friday, an anti-slavery Convention was heldin the same place, and well attended, although theweather was very inclement on the first day, and unfavorableon both. The gospel of disunion, or of NOUNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS, was opened, and discussedat large. Messrs. Buffum, Earle, Burleighs,E.M. Davis, Coates, Mrs. Mott, and many others,took part in the discussion. Thomas Earle, Esq., was the chief defender of mostof the persons and things arraigned at the bar of theassembly. He seemed to answer the purpose of thefunctionary, employed in the Papal ecclesiasticalcourts, when a new saint is to be canonized, and entitled'advocatus Diaboli,' or 'the Devil's Attorney,'whose business it is to say everything that can be saidin defence of the wrong side. He gloried in the annexationof Texas, hoped for that of Mexico, defendedthe Mexican War on its merits, justified the courseof Mr. Polk, and repelled the charges brought againstthat gentleman and his party by the 'No-government,Non-Resistant Whigs of the A. A. S. Society.' If hedid not succeed in convincing his audience, it is to beattributed, not so much to say lack of ingenuity orseal in the counsel, as to the desperate hopelessnessof his case, and the notorious had character of hisclient. advocatus Diaboli, The resolutions before the Convention were passedwith great unanimity, and an excellent spiritseemed to possess the great mass of those who tookpart in it. The most earnest of the abolitionists seemedto think that a good work was accomplished bythe Convention, besides its secondary influence in sttractingvisitors for the Fair. At any rate, it was amost delightful occassion, the Convention and the Fairtogether, to those of us who came up to it from adistance; and we shall long remember, with pleasure,the old friendships that we confirmed, the fewones that we formed, and the everflowing hospitalitythat we enjoyed.—R. Q. 

 IMPORTANT DECISION. —In the Circuit Court,this morning, as we are informed, Judge Krumgave his decision on a case of much importance.It was one which called into question the constitu-tionality of the law regulating the residence, inthis State, of free colored persons. We under-stand that be decided in favor of the law, and ex-pressed the opinion that none but free whitepersons could enjoy the rights of citizenship.—This, of course, excludes the Indian, as well as thenegro. FOR NEGROES. —Yesterday, under the decisionof Judge Krum, of the Circuit Court, we under-stand, that the Country Court had five negro men,and two negro women, professing or claiming to befree, whipped and sent out of the city. If the Coua-ty Court will follow up this decision, they willsoon free the city of a nuisance, and give greatersecurity to slave property. OR EGROES. five free, whipped and sent out of the city. DIFFERENT OPINIONS.—We have heard of oneman, who, if not belied, has expressed himself infavor of devolving the Union, if slavery is notabolished. The Garrison anti-slavery party go asdecidedly for dividing at any rate, as for demolish-ing all existing religious institutions—but the Whigsand Liberty party say HOLD ON. The Whigs say itmust be an extreme case to talk even about division,and the Liberty party ask what is to become of thethree millions of slaves, if left to the tender mer-cies of the South. The hope of the slave is in theinfluence of the free States in their favor. TheWhigs will show their adherence by electing aletter, a Whig administration, and avoiding an oc-casion for even talking about a dissolution. —N.H.Sentinel. PINIONS. one talk N.H. Purposely confounding the sayings and doingsof the comparatively few abolitionists of the Garri-son stamp with the Likely party, is characteristicof certain radical Polk papers in this and otherStates. It should be universally understood thatthe radical differences in relation to religious viewsof duty, and the support of the Constitution andthe Union occasioned the rupture of the party.The influence of the Union alone, if we desire themanumission of the slave, is a sufficient inducementof holding on— yet the worst (and the best is badenough) extracts from the Garrison party are quo-ted and held up to show disorganization and hatredto the Union. We never liked the carrying intopolitics this great moral question, but justice shouldnevertheless be done. Mr. Garrison, Mr. Douglass, Henry C. Wright,and others, in England, joined by Thompson andHaughton of Dublin, have spent the summer inrolling against the Union, and striving to get up anopposition in foreign governments—actually advo-cating duty of open foreign interference onthis questions. —Ibid. Ibid. M. Garrison arrived in the 4th Nov. Steamer—but how dull and stupid will everything appear tohim at home! The great mass not ready either todissolve the Union, or trample the Constitution ofthe country in the dust, because evils now existthat the people themselves can sure at the polls.Division would be to abandon the cause of the millions of slaves. Is the influence of thefree States nothing? Time was when, in Mr. G'sopinion, this influence was to do the great work.It strikes us Mr. Thompson, of England, and Mr.haughton, of Ireland, have quite enough to do athome in the way of reform without seconding theeffirts of Mr. Garrison and Mr. Douglass, self-ap-pointed American Ministers to the people of Eng-land to persuade them to interfere. Mr. G. seemsto have forgotten that Mr. Polk don't allow offoreign interference!—Ibid.  Ibid. OPENING THEIR EYES. —Christians in Englandand Ireland are beginning to open their eyes onthe actual position of Win. Lloyd Garrison. Afact which the greenness of Mr. Quincy publishedin the absence of Mr. Garrison that in this countryit is as much as a man's Christian character isworth to be known as a patron of the Liberator,will soon be true on the other side of the waters.While Mr. G was at Belfast, Ireland, (he is in Bos-ton, and will probably read this,) he attended a pub-lic meeting, where some strange things were en-acted. We find the account abridged from theBanner of ulster, by the N.Y. Christian Advocate.We present only a short abstract. After his usualrant against the church, Mr. G. Proceeded to readan article from a Belfast paper, called the News&, &c]—Zion's (!!) Advocate. HEIR YES. News&, &c]—Zion's (!!) Advocate. The slave population is decidedly preferable asan orderly and laboring class, to a Northern labor-ing class, that have just learning enough to makethem wondrous wise, and make them the mostdangerous class to well regulated liberty under thesun.' [!!!] Richmond Enquirer. Richmond Enquirer. 

 FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON Everything relating to the character, but especiallythe history of the Bible, is now matter of deep interest.That venerable book, like every other, most passthe ordeal of enlightened, impartial investigation. The Lectures of Rev. John Prince, just issued fromthe press, are worthy an attentive reading. Thewriter is young in years, and younger in authorship;but a becoming modesty, as much a disciple as master,an industrious, patient and extensive research, ajudicious quotation of authentic authors, (a particularrecommendation,) and a willing determination toknow and follow the truth at whatever cost, all combineto commend the work to every unprejudicedreader, in the most favorable manner. The price of the volume, a very nest one of 460pages, is one dollar, and it may be had at BelaMarsh's, 25 Cornhill. P.P. The Elections in the racant Districts—The returnsleave no doubt of the election of both the Whig candidatee—Hon. John G. Palfrey in the 4th District,and Hon. Daniel P. King in the 2nd. The Elections in the racant Districts South Carolina and New-Hempshirs.—The Legislatureof South Carolins voted unanimously to returnto New-Hampshire, a series of resolutions relating inslavery, transmitted to the Governor of South Carolinaby order of the New-Hampshire Legislature. South Carolina and New-Hempshirs. Less of the Meaegea.—The steamer Mehegan,runningas a freight boat between New-York and Bridgeport,in connection with the Housatonic Railread,was wreaked on Saturday at 21o'clock, by roowingon the Gangway Rocks, a short distance below Boad'sPoint Light. Less of the Meaegea. 

 DEAR FRIEND: EAR RIEND I this day received from Concord, N.H., by theHalifax mail, 'The Herald of Freedom,' of Friday,Oct. 23, announcing the death of Nathaniel P. Rogers,and containing an Obituary notice, giving manyinteresting particulars of the event. I am sorry forooor Rogers. I feel for his bereaved wife, and thelarge family be loved so fondly. I feel for the agedmother he was accustomed to speak of so reverentlyand so affectionately in his letters to me. He wasnot of those men you meet with every day. Hewas an original, fearless thinker, and a remarkablyoriginal writer. He was a master of language, andthough he did not write in numbers, he had more ofthe should of a poet than nine-tenths of the poets inthe English language. His were the gifts of art andgenius in an eminent degree; and how keen was hisappreciation of the power and force of words to expressmost exactly whatever sentiment he wished toconvey! His originality of style was sui generic—itwas like Sterne's, so peculiar that his imitators generallyfailed, and made themselves paltry and ridiculousin the comparison. They fell short of the soulthat animated and lit up the eccentricities of his moleculesand daring phraseology. sui generic I first became acquainted with him in the year1840, at the time of the 'World's Convention,' whichwas several days in session when I learned that W.L. Garrison had arrived in London, and (in consequenceof the course the Convention adopted towardsLucretia Mott and other female delegates ofthe American Anti-Slavery Society) had refused toenter Freemason's Hall as one of its members. As awish to see Garrison was one of my chief inducementsto visit London at that time, I was not disposedto let him leave the city, without making aneffort for the purpose. Accordingly, one fine morning,I set out early from our Irish head quarters in Cecil-street,Strand, and walked to the boarding-housein Queen's place, South wark bridge, where a majorityof the Americans had congregated. The firstpersons I saw on entering the street, —there were butfew out at that hour,—were two gentlemen returningfrom their morning's walk. One of them I immediatelyrecognized, from the familiar features of hisportrait, to be the man who had been for some years,or his works' sake, an object of my hearty regardind veneration. I did not know his companion, butas I had not much time for parley, I addressed myselffirst to him, and said I concluded his friend was Wm.Lloyd Garrison, and asked to be introduced Rogersvery frankly complied with my abrupt request, andhe was in return introduced to me by Garrison ashis travelling companion and fellow-delegate. Thisinterview occupied a few minutes, but before weparted, they agreed to spend the following eveningwith us Irish at our lodgings—and this was the commencementof my intimacy with two of the most remarkableand highly gifted men, with whom it hasbeen my lot to be personally acquainted. It is wellknown that they were treated with coldness and suspicion,and even with secret hostility, by the membersof the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society'sCommittee, and as they gave the cue to British abolitionismat that time, Garrison and Rogers were comparativelyneglected in London during the session ofa World's Anti-Slavery Convention! This fact alonewas a pretty good test of the value of the gathering.It was a repetition of the old joke of the play ofHamlet, being acted with the omission of a part ofHamlet by particular desire. The old saying, that itis an ill wind that blows nobody any good, was verifiedin this instance, and accordingly 'the sons oflittle men' who attended the Convention, and whohappened to have no respect for the conclusion ofthe new Broad-street Committee, had then a muchbetter chance of becoming personally acquaintedwith Garrison and his friends, whom we should probablyhave been unable to approach, unless at an awfuldistance, if they had been patronized by the Gurneys,Stacey's, Surges, Forster's, &c.; for in our simplicitywe had calculated on seeing them surroundhim wherever he went, as they gathered roundClark son, anxious to catch inspiration to good deedsby the touch of his garment. For my own part, Ihad no opportunity of cultivating the acquaintance ofGarrison and Rogers, and I thought myself fortunatewhen I obtained their promise to pay us a visit inDublin, before their return to the United States.They kept their word; and the visit, though short,was extremely gratifying, both to them and us.They felt that their presence gave us great pleasure,and we exceedingly enjoyed the opportunity offorming an intimacy with men of eminent social endowments,who were not only good company, butwere up and doing valiantly, against fearful odds, inbehalf of outraged humanity. You well knowhow deeply, from that time, I became interested inthe anti-slavery cause, and how thoroughly I appreciatethe great privilege I have since enjoyed in theconfidential correspondence and cordial friendshipof many of the most distinguished and indefatigableabolitionists. From that time, N.P. Rogers became one of mymost constant and intimate and valued correspondents.His letters were so sparkling, so originaland hearty, that the arrival of one from him was hailedin our Dublin circle, as a parcel of school boyswelcome the advent of a holiday. They were generallylong, yet we thought the longest too short. Iretain them all, and have treasured them carefully. Under these circumstances, it is almost needlessto say, that I was greatly grieved by the first indicationsof that alienation in my friend Roger's mind towardshis Boston friends, which took place two orthree years ago. I first observed it in the pages ofthe Herald of Freedom, and it then referred, I think,to the views entertained by some of them (and coincidedin by them all,) as to the rightful ownership ofthat paper. I was obliged by a sense of justice tocome to the same conclusion that they did, and Iformed my opinion quite independently, from thestatements which appeared in his own paper. Ithought the Herald of Freedom the an alienated propertyof the New Hampshire A.S. Society, and Iwas unable to see how the admitted talents of theeditor, or the devoted energies of the printer, couldwarrant either in assuming the possession of propertywhich did not belong to them, unless they hadpreviously obtained possession by the deliberate setof the rightful owners. I received no informationfrom Boston in reference to this matter, mail after Ihad made up my mind as to the merits of the question;so under headed efforts were made to influencemy judgment; and indeed it would not somebeen worth any body's while to make the attempt.It is stated in John R. French's notice of his deceasedfriend, that I was amongst Mr. Roger's choicestand dearest friends, and that, knowing his affectionfor me, his former associates endeavored to estrangeus from each other, and succeeded in doing so. Hethen goes on to say—'Weeks before a public wordwas untested by the Boston clique against Mr. Rogers,and when in the full possession of their friendship,Maria Chapman wrote letters to Richard Webb, filledwith cunningly devised falsehood, in order to preparehis mind for the after attempt that was to bemade to wean his confidence from Mr. R., and to turnhis love into hatred.' Now it is only just I should declare,that if ever you wrote me such letters as these,J.R. French must know more of our setrespondencethan I do, for I never received them. The lettersyou did write to me were of a totally different character—they were full of expressions of kindness to-wardsour friend, and of hope that he would see hiserror in the affair of the Herald, and that all wouldcome right at last. I thought that the course of myBoston friends towards their gifted fellow-laborer inConcord, before the difference came to an openbreach of friendship between them, was eminentlydistinguished by courtesy, and by a thorough appreciationof his genius and other fine qualities. Farremoved from the seen e of this difference, and warmlyand admiringly attached to both parties, I thoughtmyself an impartial witness in the matter. For ifthere was a man in America, whom I loved and admired,it was N.P. Rogers. It hurt my self-esteemto have to think him in the wrong—I hated to haveto differ with him. But I could not then—and nowthat he is dead and buried amidst the regret I feelfor one I was so sincerely attached to, I cannot condemnthe view I then took of that affair of theHerald of Freedom. My love for N.P. Rogers wasnever turned into hatred, nor into any feeling akinto it, or any emotion bitterer than regret. I neverhated him —I could not, if I tried. I was sorry forhim, and I still regret that he erred in his estimateof the claims of me um and tum in a plain matter ofbusiness. I cannot think that they were his bestfriends, who urged him on to hostility against hisfellow-laborers in the moral warfare, because theycould not conscientiously adopt his views. to have to have I do not believe that his ideas respecting organizationhad any thing to do with prompting an estrangementtowards him on behalf of his Bostonfriends. I have never been able to see, as has beenintimated, that his liberty was trammel led by them onthat or any other subject, or that they endeavored torestrain him from expressing himself according tohis conscientious convictions, until he thought it rightto attack them and impeach their motives. The lastletter that passed between N.P. Rogers and myselfwas written about a year ago. I always expressedmy views to him frankly, but I trust kindly and respectfully.I felt nothing but kindness towardshim, and all who know me know how I honored hisgenius and admired his writings. Often when I indulgedin day dreams of a visit to the United States,have I pictured to myself, that one of my earliestcalls would be upon him in his beloved hoe at Concord—that I would be received so cordially by himand his family—that we should have a delightfultour together—that in his company I should enjoythe delightful excursion he had promised me to theWhite mountains, the Francois Notch, the sceneryaround Plymouth, and the beauteous lakes he soglowingly described in his editorials and his privateletters—and then I portrayed the regret Ishould feel in parting from him, when about to partto meet no more on earth. Now this meeting cannever take place. It is many years since a deathhas occurred, that has touched me so closely. Farremoved as we were from each other, and elight asour intercourse has been for some years past, hisdeath has made a sensible gap in the circle of my intimatefriends. On reading the account of the death of this remarkableand gifted man, I thought it but due to you,to let not a day pass without protesting against theinsinuations against you which have been needlesslyintroduced into the notice that suggested this longletter. I know them to be as far as possible fromthe truth. An attack so utterly unfounded and sopersonal would be considered, on this side of the Atlantic,the very extremity of bad taste, especiallyupon such an occasion. How can the writer thinkthat it will soothe the sleep of the dead, or calm thesorrows of the survivors, to sim over his grave thepoisoned shaft of calumny against one of his ablestand most self-denying fellow-laborers in the cause ofthe slave? I remain, yours very respectfully, RICHARD D. WEBB. Maria W. Chapman. 

 DEAR SIR EAR IR Our English lmperial Government are the Irishpeople are both at this time reaping the bad fruitarising from the love of rule in our aristocracy intimes past, their bonposity to exercise it for the generalgood, and the little progress was a people make whosenot allowed to govern the noselves, and gather wisdomfrom their own mistakes. Our aristocracy have onmanaged the Irish and their affairs, that they havefor ages reduced the people to semi-starration uponinferior potatoes, and themselves to the state generallyspeaking of a pauper arlstocrscy and land-ecracy;and whom a death of that root is sent, the state ofactual starvation is presented, and the English half-starvedpoor are taxed to send and sustain the slavingpoor of Ireland—a forcible illustration this, ofthe impossibility of a nation's working injustice toothers, without its reacting upon themselves; thatthe people invariably suffer for the sins of their rulers,and ought, therefore, to feel that, as citizens, theyshould always be alive to the saymge and doings ofthese rulers. The frish are starving, and the EnglishGovernment are driven to spend large some, tofind the Irish people work and wages. Here necessityis compelling them to act against the favoritephilosophy of their own school—that the poor shouldbe driven to depend upon their own resources, without restoring to them the resource which God gaveto the people, the land. The land is taken into thepossession of the few, and the many are told to workout their independence, by working for their lords.'We spend—you work—keep us, and maintain yourselves,'is their logic. 'Nature has not provided aseat at her board for you.' Not being able to workthis theory into practice, in times of actual starvation,—though it is industriously laught in times of leasseverity,—they resort to the State purse of the Englishpeople, and inflict the injustice of making thepoor of England maintain the poor of Ireland. Thisis the process:—they place the taxes upon the necessariesof life, and in such proportions as that morethan seven-tenths of the whole expense is raisedfrom those articles. The coarser articles are taxedoften one hundred per cent. These are used by thepoor. The finer articles are used by the rich, andare taxed 10 or 15 per cent. The people now know,that Society ought to be taxed upon the principle ofan Insurance Office, and that each should pay acordingto the amount insured to him. Why shouldhe, who has 100,000 protected to him by Society,pay not more than he who has 50 per year only insuredto him? Yet, into the English State Purse,which is plenished in this manner, is the Governmentnow putting its hand, to protect the Irish landlordsin the possession of their estates—many ofthem being also English landlords, and fearing that,if they allowed the people to govern themselves, theywould be, even after such long training, mere ignorantbrutes, with the wildest passions, and manifestthem in the most violent and unjustifiable manner;and this would most likely be the case. But what isthe lesson taught?—This, that the few, who havehad the governing and teaching, have been bad rulersand instructors. As in France, the excesses of thepeople proved the incapacity and brutalizing effectsof the previous government.   The brutalizing punishments the nobles inflicted,were copied by the classes upon whom they wereinflicted, and in the brutality of the scholars, we sawthe incapacity of their instructors. What monstrous fully it seems. to refuse to theIrish the right to govern themselves! One third ofour army of 90,000 men is maintained to keep themin subjection, under our rule; and that the armycould not do, if it were not for O'Connell, and theextraordinary influence which the English misgovernement,with his own talent, longue and sptitude,has given to him. The errors of our rulers are histhemes; and he whose eloquence could make sermonsfrom stones, makes them fruitful sources of excitement,even though he made and acted out themonstrous bargain with the English government,that in the consideration of Catholic emancipation, socalled, which made the gentry eligible to Parliament,the Irish 40s. freeholders, through whose devotion hewas able to carry it, should be disfranchised. Hadnot the people been steeped in ignorance, be couldhave retained no moral influence, after such an arrangement.Yet, aided by the priests, to whom heprofesses himself slavishly obedient, he has still away,and whilst the people and their religion are persecuted,he and the priests will maintain their ascendancy,from which knowledge alone can free the people. I was led, in considering how the sin of our rulersin Ireland returned upon us in England, to trace,mentally, similar consequences, from a similar cause,to the United States. In framing your Constitution, your fathers intentronallyand steadily preserved the sin of slavery.Whilst fighting for their own liberty, they wickedlydeprived their fellow-men of the same blessing, andmade it death to the slave to imitate Washington.The free States—so to call them—instead of honestlyand boldly repelling the influence, succumbed toit; and the consequence has been, the increase ofthe Slave States, the loss of Northern equality inlegislating, the loss of the national character, forgetfulnessof their honor as a nation, and a completelowering of the standard of morals; and the northernStates are now engaged in a Mexican war, asthey were before in a Texian struggle, to extendthat influences which makes the vote of a slaveholderoutnumber the votes of his equals in the free States.Thus the interest of the North is made subservientto the slave spirit; and they have the cost of wars,and the destruction of life and property to bear, becausethey allowed to be formed, and now continue,a Union, which has for its object the perpetuity ofthis crying abomination. The northern States havelost their constitutional equality; the country haslowered its national status; and its pretensions toliberty and to high character as a democracy are becominga by-word in the mouths of the educatedand reflective. Your sins react upon us. Slaverylowered the national character till it became sufficientlydegraded to disavow its debts, and with all thepower and means of payment, it sunk so low as torefuse payment; and this country is the sufferer, asthe largest creditor. So true it is, that the consequencesof error are universal in their effect. Weare not always able to trace them, but, in these instances,we sea them. EDWARD SEARCH. Web. Lloyd Garrisons. 

 We have much pleasure in presenting to ourreaders this admirable address. It has, we learn,received 10,337 signatures. Had the time not beenso limited, there is no doubt but that thousandsmore would have made the address speak for themalso. We commend to our Female anti-slaveryfriends, every where, the praise worthy example ofthe Women of Scotia's capital. every where DEAR SISTERS:—We feel compelled to addressyou at this time, in the language of Christian love,on behalf of Three Millions of our and your fellowbeings—brethren and sisters—held in uprightnessbondage in your country. EAR ISTERS We appeal to you by your love for that country,whose Constitution is defaced by the foul blot ofslavery;—whose standard of morality is loweredamong the nations by cherishing such a system ofimpurity:—whose Christianity is prostrated to coverthe heinousness of a sin in directed opposition tothe Law of God. 'Love thy neighbor as thyself,'and the express injunction of Jesus Christ, 'What-soeverye would that men should do unto you, doye even so to them.' Will you suffer this upas treelonger to overshadow and blight the soil of yourcountry? Will you not unite in tearing it up, rootand branch, that the sunshine of truth and justicemay fertilize and beautify your plains? Constitution morality Christianity We appeal to you by our common humanity—bythat command which enjoins us to 'rememberthose in bonds, as bound with them.' Rememberthat wives are torn from their husbands, at anymoment, by the word of a task-master—that brothersand sisters know not the sweet intercourse offamily ties—that mothers must, in wringing anguishof heart, behold their precious little onesexposed upon the suction block, and sold into perpetualslivery, where they must suffer all the horrorsof the system, without a mother's voice to, without a mother's eye to pity. Rememberthem 'as bound with them', —believe yourselvesin their place—behold your husbands torn fromyour arms—your brothers and sisters sold into fardistant localities, never more to meet on earth—your aged parents left to pine for want, when theyare no longer of use to those who claimed them inownership—your precious babes seized upon byothers as their property,—and your feelings outragedwithout a thought—then feel the chain onyour limbs, the lash applied to your quivering flesh,and, more torturing still, that you see these crueltiesand many more inflicted on your nearest and dearestones, without power to interpose, without powerto alleviate, without power to appeal. Oh! realizeall this, and then you will 'remember thosethat are in bonds, as bound with them;' and whenthus you behold your brother lie 'bruised andbleeding,' then, oh! do not, like the priest and Levite,'pass by on the other side'!  as bound with them your your your your your your your We appeal to you by our common Christianity.America passions to the world that she is a highlyChristian country, that she is foremost in thespread of the Bible, in the cause of missions, andin promoting revivals at home. But does she neverthink of the three millions of immortal beings inher midst, doomed by her to pagan darkness!Where are the Bibles found among her slave population?Are they taught to read that Book whichproclaims 'liberty to the captive, and the openingof the prison doors to them that are bound'? Arethere not laws which decree death for the secondoffense of teaching a slave to rend? Would Missionariesbe suffered to preach the unfettered gospel?If they did, would not their lives pay theforfeit of their faithfulness? Can this be consistentwith Christianity?—consistent with the commandof Jesus, 'Go ye into all the world, andpreach the gospel to every creature'? Women ofAmerica, lift your voices, use your influence againstthis perversion of the laws of God! Christian three millions immortal they death every creature We know that it is said that Christianity prevailsamong the Slave States—that the slaveholders areChristian men, and Christian Women—(for we arenot ignorant of the painful fact, that some of ourown sex are in this sad position of sin)—but wemaintain that to be a spurious Christianity whichauthorizes the stealing of men, women and children,the herding of them together like brutes, andthe withholding from them that volume which(through faith in Christ Jesus) is declared 'able tomake wise unto salvation.' May not such Christianitybe classed with that of the Scribes and Pharisees,who were denounced by the Saviour as those'who bind heavy burdens, grievous to be borne,and lay them on men's shoulders, but they them-selveswill not move them with one of their fingers;''who shut u the kingdom of heaven againstmen who devour widows' houses, and, for a pretense,make long prayers?' Christian Women spurious We deeply grieve that any professing Christiansof our land should have given the right hand offellowship to such a system, by joining in communionwith its upholders, by assisting to throwthe mantle of Christianity over the iniquity ofslavery, and in so doing, revetting the fetters onthe limbs of the slave, and stifling the cries of hisdistress. Let us unite in every effort to withdrawthe veil, to expose the horrors underneath, and toproclaim the right throughout our land and yours.If we are members of churches, whose teachersattempt to screen slavery,—if their prayers makemention of the slaveholder, forgetting the slave;if our fellow-members join in these acts,—thenlet us lift up our voices for the oppressed, let usprotest against such unchristian distinction, and,should our remonstrances prove unavailing, thenlet us obey the command, 'Come out from amongthem, and be ye separate.' Sisters, will youunite with us in bearing this testimony to the honorof Christianity and the cause of humanity? our slave our We address ourselves to the Women of America;and, oh! that our entreaties might penetrateinto the Southern States, and reach the heart ofthose of our sex who 'use their neighbor's serviceswithout wages, and give him not for his work!''Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reapeddown your fields, which is of you kept back byfraud, crieth; and the cries of them which havereaped are entered into the ears of the Lord ofSabaoth.' Therefore, we implore you, 'Give untoyour servants that which is just and equal.''Wash you make you clean: put away the evil ofyour doing from before mine eyes; cease to doevil: learn to do well.' Then 'trust in the Lordand do good. So shall you dwell in the land, andverily you shall be fed.' just equal. We address ourselves to the Women of America;but we do not forget that a million and a halfof our sisters in that land cannot hear our voice;our sympathy cannot reach them; they are dumb,they cannot respond to our worde: but we knowthat there is among you a noble band of women,who are the 'self-consecrated priestesses in thetemple of humanity.'—whose cause is the cause oftheir sisters in bonds, who are mouths for thedumb, who, with untiring, self-sacrificing zeal,pursue their course, esteeming trials and sufferingslight, that they may aid in the glorious workof 'opening the blind eyes, bringing out the prisonersfrom the prison, and them that sit in darknessout of the prison-house', For these belovedsisters, our hearts glow with affectionate sympathy:they are bearing the burden and heat ofthe day, and we would sustain them by all themeans in our power. We pray that they may bepreserved in their glorious course by an AlmightyArm, and strengthened in their labors and trials bythe approval of their own hearts, and 'the blessingof those who are ready to perish.' We are cheered from time to time by the presenceamong us of some of the true-hearted fromyour land. 'As iron sharpeneth iron, so doth thecountenance of a man his friend,' and there visitshave strengthened our hands, they have encouragedour feeble efforts, and have stimulated us touse our influence on this side of the Atlantic, andto send to the other, as occasion may demand, ourprayers, our entreaties, our expostulations, or oursympathies. In conclusion, Women of America! dear sisters!shall slavery continue? It is for you to make answer.Yours is an influence not to be resisted,—will you not exert it on the side of justice andhumanity? In the domestic circle, your sway isunbounded; it is yours to lead, by mild persuasion,the judgment of a husband, a brother, or a father;it is yours pre-eminently to instil into theopening mind of the child, the principles of loveand truth; it in for you to sow the need; let it begood need, that it may bring forth good fruit, to theservice of man and the praise of God. Neglectnot your influence on the society in which youmingle,—neglect it not in the churches of whichyou are members,—ever bear about with you theremembrance of the bleeding slave, ever recollectthe language of the prophet. 'Is not this thefast that I have chosen; to loose the bands ofwickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and tolet the oppressed go free, and that ye break everyyoke? Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, andthat thou bring the poor that are cast out, to thyhouse? when thou seest the naked, that thou coverhim; and that thou hide not thyself from thineown flesh? Then shall thy light break forth as themorning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily;and thy righteousness shall go before thee:the glory of the Lord shall be thy rearward. Thenshalt thou call, and the Lord shall answer; thoushalt cry, and he shall my, Here I am. If thoutake away from the midst of these the yoke, theputting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity;and if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, andsatisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy light risein obscurity and thy darkness be as the noonday.' good good 

 MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON I have recently made a visit to one of Gen. Washington's,or rather Mrs. Washington's slaves. It is awoman, nearly white, very much freckled, and probably,(for one does not know her age,) more thaneighty. She now resides with a colored women bythe name of Nancy Jack, (whose mother was ones aslave to a good deacon in Greenland,) at what iscalled the Bay side in Greenland, in New-Hampshiresand is maintained as a pauper by the county of Rockingham.She save that she was a chamber-maid forMrs. Washington; that she was a large girl at thetimes of the revolutionary war; that when Washingtonwas elected President, she was taken to Philadelphia,and that, although well enough used as towork and living, she did not want to be a slave always,and she supposed if she went back to Virginia,she should never have a chance is escape. She tookpassage in a vessel to Portamouth, N.H. and theremarried a man by the name of Staines, and badthree children, who, with her husband, are all dead.After she was married and had one child, while herhasband was game to sea, Gen. Washington sent ona man by the name of Basset, to prevail to prior on her togo back. He saw Mr. and sand all the permission hecould, but she urgently refused to go with him. Hereturned, and then come garden with orders to takeher by force, and carry her back. He put up withthe late Gov. Langdon, and made known his business,and the Governor gave her nation that shemust have Portsmouth that night, or who would becarried back. She would to a stable, and hired a boy.with a horse and carriage, to carry her to Mr. Jack'sat Greenland, where the now resides, a distance ofeight miles, and remained these until her husbandreturned from ses, and Burt did not find her. It to prevail to prior on her togo back. with orders to takeher by force She says that the never receive the beast mutualor moral instraction, of any kind, while she remainedin Washington's family. But, after she came toPortsmouth, she learned to read; and when EliasSmith first preached in Portsmouth, she profession tohave been converted to Christianity. She, and the woman with whom she Aves, (who isnearly of her age,) appear to be, and have the reputationof being imbued with the real spirit of Christianity.She says that the stories told of Washington'sparty and prayers, so far as she ever saw orheard while she was his slave, have no foundation.Card-playing and wide-drinking were the business athis parties; and he had more of such company Sundaysthan on any other day. I do not mention this asshowing, in my estimation, his anti-Christian chamber,so much as the here fact of being a slaveholder,and not a hundredth part so much as trying to kidnapthis woman; but, in the minds of the community, itwill weigh infinitely more. have no foundation. Great senses bear more weight with the multitude,than the several principles of God's government. Sogood a man as Washington is enough to sanctify warand slavery; but where is the evidence of his goodness?This woman is yet a slave. If Washingtoncould base got her and her child, they were constitutionallyhis; and if Mrs. Washington's heirs werenow to claim her, and take her before Judge Woodbury,and prove their title, he would be found, uponhis oath, to deliver her up to them. Again—Langdonwas guilty of a moral violation of the Constitution, isgiving this woman notice of the agent being afterher. It was frustrating the design, the intent of theConstitution, and he was equally guilty, morally, asthose who would overthrow it. Great morally Mrs. Stains was given verbally, if not legally, byMrs. Washington, to Elias Cautis, her grand-daughter. These women live in rather an obscure place, andin a poor. 'cold house, and speak well of their neighbors,and are probably treated with as much kindnessand sympathy as people are generally in their circumstances;but not with half so much as it is theduty and interest of people, in better outward circumstances,to treat them. interest I greatly enjoyed any visit to them, and shouldrather have the benediction they pronounced uponme at parting, than the benediction of all the D. D.'sin Christendom. BENJAMIN CHASE. Aubura, N.H. Dec. 1846. 

 This mighty and expensive organization will, wefear, prove very much like the mountain in labor.There was something powerfully imposing in theproject of uniting Christians of different meets together,in the bonds of holy brotherhood and affection.To have softened down the asperity ofsectarian feeling, to have removed coldness, jealousy,and prejudice, and to have infused amongstall denominations, a spirit of mutual confidence,respect, and kindness, and to do this without anycompromise of principle, was surely a work which,if accomplished, would, we are persuaded, havebeen ultimately productive of highly important andbeneficial results. By a free and friendly interchangeof thought, on the points of difference,there might in time have been on all sides a nearerapproximation to each other, and to the great standardof truth and duty. But the Conference,which was convened for the purposes of union,became the arena of fierce debate, and, if all betrue that is said, the contention was sharper thanwas consistent with Christian meekness and dignity.The question of admitting American slave-holders,became, we grieve to say, the elements ofdiscord. After passing, on the Saturday evening,a resolution 'drawn up in a very mean-nothing,milk-and-water sort of spirit. but professedly excludingthose who were slaveholders 'by their ownfault,' the Conference was induced on the Mondayfollowing to stultify itself, by rescinding the resolution.This was in consequence of the irresistibleappeal of those powerful advocates of libertyand equality, the American brethren. Such conductas this will not suit the people of Old England.It is not congenial with the views whichEnglishmen entertain of freedom and philanthropy,nor will it find sympathy in the hearts of BritishChristians. To interchange the assurances ofChristian esteem and affection, with men who areorthodox in doctrine, but who buy and sell theirfellow-men, like cattle in the market, is an inconsistencywhich will not be tolerated in this land ofroyalty and aristocracy, however lovely and expedientit may appear in the Republic of America.The Alliance now holds a position which, we fear,will greatly weaken its moral influence, and insureits dissolution. And whether these gatherings andthese results are, after all, worth the immense expenditurewhich they involve, may, we think, bequestioned. The thousands of pounds which thelate Conference cost might have been, in our humblejudgment, much more usefully appropriated.Christian Union will be most effectually promoted,by Christians associating together in their respectivelocalities. How appropriately may this bedone, in the observance of a Monthly MissionaryPrayer Meeting, formed of the various evangelicaldenominations that may exist in a town or neighborhood—held alternately in each other's chapels,with an address delivered by a minister not connectedwith the denomination to which the chapelmay belong! And, if Evangelical ministers of differentsects would regularly meet together, andconsult as to the best means of promoting theirindividual and collective usefulness, and discusssuch questions as may have a bearing on the educationof the people, and on their social and religiousimprovement, there would then be co-operationwithout jealousy, and there would be unionwithout compromise. MOBOCRACY IN KENTUCKY.—A new case of excitementhas recently spring up in a portion ofKentucky, the latest accounts from which lead usto apprehend a bloody tragedy before the end ofit. The circumstances are briefly as follows: Aslave woman was put on trial, at Brandenburg, formurder, in stabbing her master in self-defence,while he was beating her with a stick of wood.A Dr. H.P. Byram, who had recently settled therefrom the North, and had got into a good professionalbusiness, was  as a juror on the trial.He objected to service, on the ground that he wasopposed to capital punishment; but his objectionwas overpowered, and he was compelled to serva.He however refused to assent to a verdict of guiltyof murder, believing that the right of self-defencebelonged to slaves as well as others. This refusalto agree to a verdict of guilty, was the originalcause of the excitement. The Doctor was immediatelybranded with the name of abolitionist, andordered out of the county. OBOCRACY IN ENTUCKY.  ☞ public meeting of the mobocratic citizensof Brandenburg was subsequently held, and measureswere taken for the expulsion of Dr. Byramfrom that town. In giving an account of the affair,and of the principal actors in it, through the mediumof the Cincinnati Herald, Dr. Byram says— Now, that you may have some idea of the characterof the parties interested in the above proceedings,I will state that Dr. Hicks, J. Atwell, A.J. Alexander and N.D. Anderson are all memberof the M.E. Church. The latter an ex-memberof the Legislature, and has been a magistrate,and four others, now magistrates, took part in themeeting. B.W. Shacklett represented that countyin the Legislature winter before last, and is oneof a notorious mob which was fined some thousandor more dollars for violation of law. Now the suspension of the trial of the negro,through my influence, has metamorphosed me intothat monster described in the resolutions, inwhich there can be found no remedy in the rigidlaws of the Legislature of Kentucky of last winter.I have also committed the unpardonable sinof reading the Herald, and sending it immediatelyout of the State, and refusing to vote for HenryClay, at the last election. suspension Since my residence in this State, I have regardedit my duty to submit to the laws as they exist,acknowledging the right of citizens to hold propertyin slaves, and regard any interference withsuch, as no better than highway robbery. Yet Ihave ever claimed the right, and have exercisedit when an opportunity offered, of casting my votein that way that might aim at the overthrow ofslavery. I am now in this city, waiting the return of agentleman from St. Louis, with whom I have business,and shall return to Brandenburg as soon asI see him. What the result will be I cannot tell,but if the honorable leaders of the 'Anti-AbolitionSociety,' will meet me at my house, with theintention of carrying into exeention their resolution,I am there. But it would be too great a sacrificeto fall in the defence of my rights by thehands of such as no doubt will be put in the lead.My wife is there with two other females, and remainat my request. Let the world see how farKentucky 'chivalry' will go. Anti-AbolitionSociety Very respectfully your ob't, servant, H.P. BYRAM. In relation to the foregoing the Cincinnati Heraldsays: 'We also learn that 200 men from BreckenridgeCounty are to be present at the meeting appointedby the mob, for carrying out their resolution,and that Mr. Byram intends presenting a petitionto the Governor of Kentucky, praying his protectionagainst the threatened violence of the mob.It remains to be seen whether the State of Kentuckyis able and willing to protect her citizensand uphold her law, or whether, in her determinationto perpetuate the slavery of the black, shealso intends to rivet claims upon the freedom ofthe white man. If her constitution is not morewaste paper, her bill of rights a mockery, andthere remained in the hearts of her people any reverencefor the rights of man, these respectablegentlemen, class-leaders and magistrates, will betaught that the majesty of the law is not to be invadedwith impunity. We wait with interest, thefurther developments of this plot.' 

 BRO. GARRISON: RO. ARRISON The Worcester Co. North Division Anti-SlaverySociety held its annual meeting at the Unitarianvestry, in Hubbardston, on Wednesday, Dec. 9, at 2o'clock, P. M. Geo. Miles in the chair. LoringMoody, A. K. Foster, H. W. Carter, J. G. Clark,and Sam'l Gay, were appointed business committee.During their absence, S.S. Foster made some remarkson organization, showing its useful so as ameans for carrying on anti-slavery work, when madea servant for that purpose. He then went on togive a brief account of the progress of the campaignsat the West, particularly in northern Ohio, where, incompany with Mrs. F., he labored with most encouragingsuccess. The business committee reported the followingresolutions, which were ably discussed and unanimouslyadopted: Whereas, by the annexation of Texas, and the consequentmurderous expedition against Mexico by thiscountry, the constitutional Union, formed by our fathersin 1787, the Union which all the voters underthis government have sworn to protect and support,is dissolved; therefore, Resolved, That all who lend their support to thepresent government, are perjured before God andman, and are disunionists, not in the good and holysense of that term, but disunionists for the purposeof perpetuating the slave system, even beyond thelimits of the Constitution when they have trampledunder foot for that purpose. Resolved, That is the present was against Mexico,this government is wholly in the wrong; that it iswaged for no other purpose than the spread of slavery;that it is almost, if not wholly, unparalleled inatrocity; and we cannot but regard all who lend ittheir sanction, or in any way apologise for it, asguilty of a fearful crime. Whereas, the Constitution of the United States isa bond for the security of slavery; and whereas, thefederal government, in the legitimate exercise ofpowers derived from the Constitution, has from thebeginning till now, legislated for the benefit of slavery,to the total neglect of the interests of freedom;and whereas, the government, in its seal for the extensionand perpetuation of this system, has plungedthe nation into a most strocious and bloody war;therefore. Resolved, That the time has fully come for theformal separation of Massachusetts from this slaveholdingconfederacy. That the time has fully come for theformal separation of Massachusetts from this slaveholdingconfederacy. The following resolution was offered by Mrs. C.S.Brown, but too late to be pressed, as it ought to havebeen, on the hearts and consciences of those namedin it: Resolved, That women, as wives, mothers, sisters,daughters, abolitionists, should make every possibleeffort to prevent all participation in the presentwar against Mexico. It being the annual meeting of the Society, thecommittee raised for the purpose repeated the followingpersons as officers for the ensuing year: President, J.T. Everett, of Princeton. President, J.T. Everett, of Princeton. Vice Presidents, Measrs. Geo. Mules, of Westminster,Jesus G. Clark and H.W. Eaton, of Hubbardstion,Mr. Kimball, of Farnburgh, Doct. Geo. Hoyt,of Athol, Feel G. Cowee and Thomas E. Glasher ofGardner, James M. Eveleth and Noah Humphrey ofPrinceton. Vice Presidents Disectors, John A. Waite, of Hubbardston, JosephRaymond and Mrs. C.S. Brown; of do, Wm.B. Stone, of Gardner, Albert G. Howe, of Princeton,Mrs. John White, Mrs. Geo. Miles, Mr. Alfred Wyman,of Westminster, Joel Smith of Lecminster,Mrs. Kimball, of Fitchburgh, Mrs. Gov. Hoyt, ofAthol. Disectors Treasuror, Benson Bigslow, of Westminster. Treasuror Cor. and Rec. Sac., T.P. Locke, of Westminster. Cor. and Rec. Sac. It would be utterly in vain to attempt to give anoutline of the speeches, remarks and appeals madeby our visiting friends, the Foster, and our brotherMoody. Suffice it to say, that the boldness of theirpositions, backed by the irreferable suture of theirargument—their startling development of the pre-slaverycharacter of all such as participate in thegovernment, either by holding officer or voting wihtother of the parties, and thereby agreeing that themajority shall rule, however pre-slavery—have hadthe effect to stir up the community in this region, asit has not been moved of late. Already have theybeen reported to the press, and duly noticed. Abolitionists among us have been much revived,shared, animated, and edified, and we hope willgive substantial evidence of a growth in anti-slaverygrace T.P. LOCKE, Sec'ry. Sec'ry. 

 We publish on our first page this week the answerof Frederick Douglass to Dr. Cox. of Brooklyn,N.Y. We did so because of our own interest init, and because we believe that all our readers willregard it as a valuable document in relation to theprogress of mind in the 19th century. The letterof Dr. Cox, to which Mr. Douglass replies, as alsothe conduct of the American delegates on the stageat the World's Temperance Convention, is disgracefulto themselves, and a reproach to America.Every one can see, by reading the speech of Mr.Donglass as he has reported it, which is doubtlesssubstantially correct, that it was a highly appropriatespeech for him on that occasion, consideringthe relation in which he stands to a numerous classof the world's denizens, against whose moral elevationso many hindrances are interposed. He wouldhave appeared a mean-spirited parasite, to haverisen up, by the call of the multitude, before thatWorld's Convention, and there, to please the delegatesfrom 'freedom's land,' 'avoided all referenceto his peculiar people.' freedom's land But he has sustained himself nobly in the letterwhich we now give our readers, and no candid mindthat reads can hesitate as to the true answer to thequestion, which is the greater man, Frederick Douglass,the fugitive slave, or Sam'l H. Cox, Doctor of Dicinity'.? which is the greater man, Frederick Douglass,the fugitive slave, or Sam'l H. Cox, Doctor of Dicinity'.? 

 A quarterly meeting of this Society will be holderin North Bridgewater on SATURDAY and SUNDAY,day and evening, January 2d and 3d, 1847,communicating at half past 2 o'clock, A.M. on each day. We trust our friends in the Old Colony will so arrangematters, as to be present at the meeting. Wedo hope to see a full and large collection on this Occasion.An interesting meeting is expected. TheSociety will meet on Saturday in the Hall of EdwardE. Bennett; and on Sunday, The Universalizes'Society have hindty offered to us the use of theirhouse, in which to hold the Convention. ☞ Stephen S. Foster, Parker Pillsbury and LoringMoudy will be at the meeting. H.H. BRIGHAM, Secretary. 

 A few weeks since, the New York Evangelistpublished a letter from Dr. Cox, then in London,which contained an ungentlemanly and ill-temperedattack upon Frederick Douglass, for the part hetook in the 'World's Temperance Convention.'This letter was widely copied by the political andreligions press of the country. The last Liberatorgives Douglass's reply. It is a triumphant vindicationof his course, and if Dr. Cox does not keenlyfeel its honest and faithful rebukes, he must befar less sensitive and irritable than when he pennedhis unfortunate letter. We are much mistakenif the Dr. does not mourn the day that he grappledwith the strong-handed fugitive. Had he kept behindthe bulwark of the pulpit, he would have beensafer. After a few more encounters like this andthat of Dr. Smyth of South Carolina, the pro-slaverydivines will learn the man too well to exposethemselves to his arm again. Let them sneerat him, and taunt him for his impertinence in assumingto be a man, or pronounce their religiouswoes upon him, within the safe enclosure of theirpulpits, if they will, but as they value their owncase and comfort, let them avoid grappling withhim, either with the pen or in debate. man Read Douglass's letter. Will those papers, whichso eagerly copied Cox's philippic, have the justiceto publish his reply? We shall see. FREEDERICK DOUGLASS AND DR. COX Many ofour readers doubtless remember a letter written byRev. Dr. Cox to the New-York Evangelist, duringhis recent visit to England, animadverting in verysevere terms upon the course pursued by FREDERICKDOUGLASS, the Fugitive Slave, in the World'sTemperance Convention. The letter was extensivelycopied by the press, and excited considerablefeeling. Douglass has felt called upon to reply,and we must confess, that, on the score of ability,style, temper and logic, his communication willnot suffer in comparison with that of his learnedand popular antagonist. We hope that the journals,which were so eager to give currency to theDoctor's assault, will do the runaway the justice topublish his reply, or at least the essential portionsof it. We have taken, and shall take no part inthe controversy, any farther than to see that thecolored man has fair play. The learned divine hastroops of friends and easy access to the popularear, while the negro suffers under the bitter prejudicesso universally charished against his racs.—New-York Tribune. REEDERICK OUGLASS R. OX REDERICK OUGLASS New-York Tribune. DR. COX AND FREDERICK DOUGLASS. The conocrvativereligious papers copied with great satisfactiona letter from Rev. Dr. Cox in regard to the conductof Frederick Douglass, the runaway slave, inthe World's Temperance Convention. Mr. Douglasshas replied. Whether they will copy this replyremains to be seen. They are very slow about it.Yet good judges do say that on the score of ability,style, temper and logic, the runaway has decidedlythe better of the learned Doctor of Divinity.—Chrenotype. R. OX REDERICK OUGLASS. conocrvative do Chrenotype. 

 The 7th issues before the Association will be deliveredon Monday evening next, Jan. 4th, at Marlboro'Chapel, by Hon. WM. STURGIS; subject, 'Indiansof the North West Coast.' The public are invitedto attend. T.H. RIXGGOLD,Sec'ry. Sec'ry. 

 Under this head the Inquirer of the 17th inst.publishes the paper confided to the hands of Mr.Garrison, shortly before his death. It is entitled'Hints for the American People in the event of aDissolution of the Union,' and is, as Mr. Thompsonstated on Saturday, in entire accordance with Mr.Garrison's views. The institution of slavery, saysthe deceased philanthropist, has given birth inAmerica to notions and opinions leading to downrightatheism. The Bible has been falsified to suitthe purposes of slaveholders. It has been deniedthat God made of one blood all nations of the earthto dwell therein. The notion has been inculcatedthat there are different races of men springing fromdifferent stocks, and that the negroes are an inferiorrace—a link between man and brute—and may beclassed with property, as cattle, sheep, and even inanimatethings. The clergy have encouraged thisperversion of the Scriptures to please the planters,and glossed over the borrows of the slave system;and not only has the public mind been corruptedand demoralized on the subject of slavery, but thestapdard of morals generally has been lowered byBibls perversion. The very air of the country hasbecome infected with infidelity and atheism. Thefree States, which are involved in the maintenanceof slavery, are tainted by the connection; and Mr.Clarkson comes to the conclusion that a division ofthe Union is desirable, and should be demandedThus, then, the 'last thoughts' of the great abolitionistjustify the policy of the American Anti-SlaverySociety, and come to the same conclusion asMr. Garrison in regard to the 'religion' of the slave-holdersand their abettors.—Galeshead (Eng.) Observer, Galeshead (Eng.) Observer A GOOD SION. At the August conference of thedenomination known as 'Bible Christians' held atNew-Alexandria, this county, was passed the followingresolutions : OOD ION. Resolved, That while we as a body are enemiesof ecclesiastical and spiritual oppression, we believeit also to be our duty to solemnly protest againstthe system of American Slavery, as being opposedto the principles of Christianity; and that the practiceof enslaving any of the human race ought tobe shandoned.' Resolved Resolved, That as the followers of the Prince ofPeace, we are opposed to the harbarous practiceof war—and, as a body, will use our infruence infavor of peace principles.' Resolved 

 PARKER PILLSBURY will lecture in Table  Table  The meeting at Walpole may common at 1o'clock, P. M. if desirable. Friends of Freedom in these towns are requested tomake every secretary arrangement for the meeting,in order that the visits of our friend may be productiveof the greatest amount of good. LORING MOODY, Gen. Ag't Mass. A. S. Sec. Gen. Ag't Mass. A. S. Sec. 

 Now that the annexation of Texas and its consequencesare so clearly before the country as Democraticmeasures, and are avowed and defended assuch by the Democratic papers in all parts of thecountry, it is not a little curious to revert to theopinions expressed by some of those papers beforethe Baltimore Convention had issued its dictates.A brief series of extracts on this subject has beencollected by the Washington correspondent of theNew-York Express, which we subjoin. The presenttone of the papers quoted, is too well known tomake any quotation from their recent articlesnecessary, and the inconsistency is too striking torequire remark. The Washington Spectator, Mr. Calhoun's organ,while lauding Com. Stewart's letter in favor ofthe immediate annexation of Texas, alludes tothe probability of a war with Mexico, in a tone oflevity, if not of joy! It would be well for such politiciansto remember, that wars are not as popularas in former times. People begin to reflect andcompare its results, before they plunge into itsmiseries. It is perceived that wars undertaken forextension of dominion, exact the leaders and managers,while they crush and impoverish the masses.The trappings of the war-horse, and the glitter ofarmed legions, tickle the fancy and please the eye,but the people see that they place a leaden weightupon the hand of honest labor. It is for this reasonthat true statesmen regard wars, undertaken forsuch selfish purposes, as one of the greatest evilsthat can afflict a country. Nor ought the annexation to be made without theconsent of Mexico, on her recognition of her successfullyrevolted province. We must avoid eventhe appearance of evil. It is not enough that wemay be abundantly certain that Mexico can neveragain even hope to shake the established independenceof Texas. The nominal, theoretical right, isstill asserted, which e cannot disregard withoutincurring a just liability to a declaration of war byMexico. The Atlas is beating the air about the admissionof Texas into the Union. The Cabinet at Washington,and all the folks this way, are opposed tosuch a measure. Mr. Preston, Mr. Wise, and a fewopposition members of Congress, are in favor ofit; but they have not strength enough to do anyharm. Slavery and the defence of slavery form the controllingconsideration urged in favor of the treaty[of annexation] by those who have been engaged inits negotiation. To these doctrines, we can neversubscribe, and whenever they are offensively urgedupon the frees States, they deserve to be pointedlyrebuked. The evils that will be entailed upon the North bythe admission of Texas into the Union, are incalculable,great, vast—beyond all human comprehension.The object and design throughout isas black as ink—as bitter as hell. No other reasonon earth can be assigned for this southern movement,than a determination to perpetuate that accursedinstitution, which, as a matter of compromise,was acceded to by the North at the time ofthe adoption of the articles of confederation. If theSouth persist in forcing Texas upon us, the resultis inevitable to all The consequences are multifarious—to say nothing of their ruin. May Providenceavert this calamity—and save our Republicfrom disunion, misery and destruction. The most wicket, vile, God-abandoned place ofwhich we have any knowledge—its history wouldmake the very savage blush with very shame. Someof its lynchers and marauders have perpetrated theircrimes within the United States and upon Americancitizens, some of whom they have murdered incold blood, in the most inhuman manner. Yetthere are some who desire to effect a union between,Texas and this country, as if we had not enough,guilt and crime already upon out shoulders. Wewish rather that we could fix an impassable gulfbetween us and its borders, that its breath of pestilencemight never reach out shores. Heaven saveus from a union with Texas.   It is matter of deep regret that our Southernfriends intend to agitate, in the next Congress, thequestion of the annexation of Texas to our Union.It is understood that this is a favorite project withMr. Calhoun. But as its accomplishment mightprove fatal to our free institutions, it will be asolemn duty of the Northern Democracy to opposeit. We shall admit all communication that goagainst annexation. The Democratic papers of Mains and N. Hampshireare already out in tones of thunder againstthe project. The Democracy of New-England will go in asolid body against annexation. The absurd and fallacious doctrines of 'Aristides,'in the New-Hampshire Gazette, do not take withthe Northern Democracy. He writes with someability, but after sifting all his arguments, the onlysubstance is, that we want Texas for a great slavemart. 'Aristides' advocate the annexation of Texas,knowing that the object is to open a great slavemart there, and as one of the inevitable results, toentail the curse upon ourselves and our posterity.Yes, the annexation would be as full of evils as aPandora's box. 'Aristides' more than intimates that Englandwishes to again Texas, in order to destroy the peculiardomestic institutions of the South. —a black and inglorious scheme. 

 The Fifteenth Annual Meeting of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society will be held in Boston, onWEDNESDAY, January 27th, and will probablycontinue in session three days. In view of the alarmingstride of despotism—the prosecution of a warof invasion and conquest, for the purpose of extendingthe boundaries of Slavery, and rendering theaway of the Slave Power absolute over the country—and the exigencies of our great enterprise—all themembers and friends of the Society, and all auxiliarysocieties, are earnestly called upon to make theapproaching meeting the most numerous and themost effective of say that has yet been hold in thisCommon wealth. FRANCIS JACKSON, President. President. EDMUND QUINCY, Sec. DMUND UINCY Sec. ☞ Charles Spear will preach on the Duty of Societytoward Criminals, in the Rev. Caleb Stetson'sChurch in Meford, on the second Sabbath in January,at the regular services in the afternoon. MARRIED—In Roxbury, on Thursday evening,Dec. 24th, by the Rev. Mr. Fay, of this city, Mr.FRANKLIE WILLIAMS to MISS MARY ELISABETM SEAVER.[A generous slice of the wedding cake accompaniedthis notice ] RANKLIE ILLIAMS ISS ARY LISABETM EAVER. DIED—In Easton, on the 9th inst. Mrs. TamatCordner, aged 88. Mrs. Cordner was held a slave in the family ofJesse Howard, West Bridgewater, seventeen years,at which time she led from them, and ever after retainedher freedom. 

 Nothing is more true, or more extensively known,than that TEXAS WAS WRESTED FROMMEXICO, and her independence established, throughthe instrumentality of the 'United States.'—[Martin VanBuren's letter to a member of the Baltimore Convention,1844.] and her independence established, throughthe instrumentality of the 'United States. 'THE PRESENT WAR WITH MEXICO ISBUT A CONTINUATION OF THE TEXANWAR.'—[Gen. Houston, Texas Senator in U. S.Congress. 'Least of all was it (the United States government)ignorant of the anxiety of other powers to induceMexico to enter into terms of reconciliationwith Texas, which, affecting the DOMESTIC INSTITUTIONof Texas, would operate most injuriouslyupon the United States, and might most seriouslythreaten the existence of this happy Union. Norcould it be unacquainted with the fact, that, althoughforeign governments might disavow all designto disturb the relations which exist under theConstitution between these States; yet that one,the most powerful amongst them, had not failed todeclare its marked and decided hostility to theCHIEF of these relations.'—[Tyler's Message toCongress, April 22d, 1844.] 'A movement of this kind cannot be contemplatedby as in silence. Such an attempt upon anyneighboring country would necessarily be viewedwith very deep concern; but when it is made upona nation whose territories join the slaveholdingStates of our Union, it awakens a still more solemninterest. It cannot be permitted to succeed, withoutthe most strenuous efforts on our part to arresta calamity so serious to every part of our country'—[Secretary Upshur to Murphy, Aug. 8, 1843.] the slaveholdingStates of our Union 'But there is another view of this subject, stillmore important to us, and scarcely less importantto Texas herself. The establishment in the verymidst of our slaveholding States, of an independentgovernment, forbidding the existence of slavery,and by a people born, for the most part, among us,reared up in our habits, and speaking our language,could not fail to produce the most unhappy effectsupon both parties. If Texas were in that condition,her territory would afford a refuge for the fugitiveslaves of Louisiana and Arkansas, and would holdout to them an encouragement to run away, whichno municipal regulation of ours could possiblycounteract. Even if this government should interposefor the protection of the slaveholder, it wouldbe very difficult so to strange the subject us toavoid disputes and collisions. slaveholding States The States immediately interested would bemost likely to take the subject into their own hand.They would perceive that there could not be any securityfor that species of property, if the mere crossingof a geographical line could give freedom to theslave; they would perceive that the protection thusoffered to the slave would remove from his mindthat dread of consequences which restrains himfrom the commissions of the worst crimes; theywould fear that the safety of themselves and theirfamilies was endangered; that they would live incontinual uneasiness and alarm, and in the constantexercise of a painful and harassing watchfulness.It is not to be supposed that a people, consciousof the power to protect themselves, wouldlong submit to such a state of things. They wouldassume to reclaim their slaves by force; and forthat purpose, would invade the territory of Taxes.It is not difficult to see that quarrels and war wouldsoon grow out of this state of things. If this governmentshould make itself a party in asserting therights of the slaveholder, the result could not fill tobe unfavorable to Taxes. If this governmentshould refuse to become a party, it would feel itselfunder an obligation to interpose for the purpose ofchecking and controlling its own citizens. It isnot probable that such an interposition would beeffectual against the vital interest, the commonrights, and the exasperated feelings of those Statesof the Union. there could not be any securityfor that species of property I leave it to your reflection, air, to suggestto you the effect of such a state of things upon theharmony of our Union.'—[Ibid.] 'I am very desirous, sir, to impress this subject uponyour attention; and for that reason, I have presentedit to you in some of the strong lights inwhich it has struck my own mind. It is worthy,therefore, of your most vigilant care. Few calamitiescould befal this country, more to be deploredthan the establishment of a predominant Britishinfluence, and the abolition of domestic slavery inTexas.'—[Ibid.] 'The Constitution of Texas secures to the masterthe PERPETUAL RIGHT TO HIS SLAVE, and prohibitsthe introduction of slaves into Texas from any otherquarter than the Untied States. If the United States preserves and secures toTexas the possession of her Constitution and presentfrom of government, then have we gained allwe can desire, and also all that Texas asks or wishes'.—[Murphy to Upshur, Sept. 24, 1843.] 'Pardon me if I am too solicitous on this subject.I feel the deep interest at stake. Our whole southerninterests are involved in this negotiation, andwith it the interests of the Union itself. The greatblow to our civil institutions is to be struck here,and it will be a fatal blow, if not timely arrested. civil institutions England is anxious to get rid of the Constitutionof Texas, because it secures, in the most nervousand clear language, the rights of the master to hisslave and it also prohibits the introduction ofslaves into Texas from any other nation or quarterthan the United States. Now, all the United States has to do is, to aidthe people of Texas in sustaining their Constitution,which, while it effectually secures the rightsof the master, secures to the people the blessingsof civil, political, and religious liberty.'—[Murphyto Upshur, Sept. 23, 1843.] 'So far as this Government is concerned, it hasevery desire to come to the aid of Texas, in themost prompt and effectual manner. How far weshall be supported by the people, I regret to say issomewhat doubtful. There is no reason to fearthat there will be any difference of opinion amongthe slaveholding States; and there is a large numberin the non-slaveholding with views sufficientlyliberal to embrace a policy absolutely necessary tothe salvation of the south, although, in some respects,objectionable to themselves.—[Upshur toMurphy, Sept. 23, 1843.] It is impossible to be too watchful or too diligeutin a matter which involves such momentous consequences,not only to our country, but to thewhole civilized world. The view which the governmenttakes of it excludes every idea of meresectional interest. We regard it as involving thesecurity of the south; and the strength and prosperityof every part of the Union.'—[Upshur toMurphy, Nov. 21, 1843.] 'But this is not all. If Texas should refuse tocome into our Union, measures will instantly betaken to fill her territory with emigrants from Europe.Extensive arrangements for this have alreadybeen made, and they will be carried into effectas soon as the decision of Texas shall be known. These emigrants will bring with them Europeanfeelings and European opinions. Emigration fromthe United States will cease; at all events, the peopleof the southern States will not run the hazardof subjecting their slave property to the control ofa population who are anxious to abolish slavery. Texas will soon cease to be an American State.Her population, her polities and her manners willstamp her as European. This fact alone will destroythe sympathy which now exists between thatcountry and this. But the first measure of the new emigrants, assoon as they shall have sufficient strength, will be,to destroy that grand domestic institution, uponwhich so much of the prosperity of our frontiercountry depends. To this, England will stimulatethem, and she will also furnish the menus of accomplishingit.—I have commented upon this topicin a dispatch to Mr. Everett. I will add, thatif Texas should not be attached to the United States,she cannot maintain that institution ten years, andprobably not half that time.'—[Upshur to Murphy,Jan. 16, 1844.] domestic institution if Texas should not be attached to the United States,she cannot maintain that institution ten years, andprobably not half that time. It is with still deeper concern that the Presidentregards the avowal of Lord Aberdeen, of thedesire of Great British to ace slavery abolished inTexas: and, as be infers, is endeavoring throughher diplomacy, to accomplish it, by making theabolition of slavery one of the conditions onwhich Mexico should acknowledge her independence.—Under this conviction, it is felt to be theimperious duty of the Federal Government, thecommon representative and protector of thesestates of the Union, to adopt, in self-defence, themost effectual measures to defeat it. ace slavery abolished inTexas most effectual measures to defeat it. Acting in obedience to this obligation, on whichour federal system of government rests, the Presidentdesires me to inform you that a treaty hasbeen concluded between the United States andTexas, for the annexation of the latter to the former, as a part of its territory, which will be submitted, without delay, to the Senate, for its approval.This step has been taken as the most effectual,if not the only means, of guarding againstthe threatened danger, and securing the permanentpeace and welfare.'—[Calhoun to Pakenham, BritishMinister, Ap. 18, 1844.] ' The step was forced on the United States, inself-defence, in consequence of the policy adoptedby Great British in reference to the abolition ofslavery in Texas. It is impossible for the UnitedStates to witness, with indifference, the efforts ofGreat Britain to abolish slavery there. They couldnot but see that she had the means in her power,in the actual condition of Texas, to accomplish theobjects of her policy, unless prevented by themost efficient measures; and that, if accomplished,it would lead to a state of things dangerous in theextreme to the adjacent States, and the Union itself.Seeing this, the government has been compelled,by the necessity of the case, and a regardto its constitutional obligations, to take the step ithas, as the only certain and effectual means ofpreventing it.'—[Culboun to Green, Minister toMexico, Ap. 19, 1844.] ' Mr. Calhoun, at the same time, announces tothe undersigned, by direction of the President, thata treaty has been concluded between the UnitedStates and Texas, for the annexation of Texas tothis country as a part of its territory; which treatywill be submitted without delay to the Senate forits approval. Mr. Calhoun further takes occasionto enter into explanation as to the motives whichhave induced the government of the United Statesto adopt their present policy in regard to Texas;and he concludes by presenting certain remarks,founded on statistical information, in defence ofthe institution of slavery as now established in aportion of this republic, and in proof of the necessityof taking measures for its preservation.'—[Pakenham to Calhoun, Ap. 19, 1844.] 'The United States, in concluding the treaty ofannexation with Texas, are not disposed to shunany responsibility which may fairly attach to themon account of the transaction. The measure wasadopted by the mutual consent, and for the mutualand permanent welfare of the two countries interested.It was made necessary, in order to preservedomestic, institutions placed under the guarantyof their respective constitutions, and deemed essentialto their safety and prosperity.'—[Calboun toPakenham, Ap. 27, 1844.] preservedomestic, institutions 

 NOTICE is hereby given that the subscribers havebeen duly appointed executors of the will ofHENRY CHAPMAN, late of Boston, in the countyof Suffolk, merchant, deceased, and have taken uponthemselves that trust, by giving bond as the lawdirects. And all persons having demands upon theestate of said deceased, are required to exhibits thesame; and all persons indebted to the said estate arecalled upon to make payment to OTICE MARY G. CHAPMAN, Executors. ARY HAPMAN Executors. MARIA W. CHAPMAN, Executors. ARIA HAPMAN Executors. WENDELL PHILLIPS, Executors. ENDELL HILLIPS Executors. Boston, Dec. 28, 1846. 

 After reading what Mr. President Polk has tosay about giving Mexico no provocation, and aboutthe justice of his claims to the Rio Grands as aboundary line, we invite the reader to what Col.Benton said on the subject, in his speech in theU.S. Senate on the question of the Annexation ofTexas. no provocation justice 'I wash my hands (said Col. Benton) of all attemptsto dismember the Mexican Republic, by seizingher dominions in New Mexico, Chihuahua, Coabuilaand Tamautipas. The Treaty, IN ALLTHAT RELATES TO THE BOUNDARY OFTHE RIO GRANDE, IS AN ACT OF UNPARALLELED OTRAGE ON MAXICO.IT IS THE SEIZURE OF TWO THOUSANDMILES OF HER ERRITORY, without a wordof explanation with her, and by virtue of a Treatyof Texas to which she is no party. Our Secretaryof state, in his letter to the United States Chargoin Mexico, and seven days after the Treaty wassigned, and after the Mexican Minister had withdrawnfrom our seat of Government, shows fullwell that he was conscious of THE ENORMITYOF THIS OUTRAGE; know it was War; andproffered volunteer apologies to avert the consequenceswhich be knew he had provoked'. to dismember the Mexican Republic, by seizingher dominions in New Mexico, Chihuahua, Coabuilaand Tamautipas. The Treaty without a wordof explanation with her, and by virtue of a Treatyof Texas to which she is no party. he was conscious of 

 Combining Literary Entertainment and Instructivewith an effort to promote the Union of thoroughSelf-Impressment with every Departmentof Industry. Combining Literary Entertainment and Instructivewith an effort to promote the Union of thoroughSelf-Impressment with every Departmentof Industry. Published by-monthly—price $1 20 a year. Twocopies to one address, $2. One copy for twoyears, $8 Six copies $5. Thirteen copies, $10.All payments in advance. THEleading purpose of this Magazine is, to a more general interest in SELF-IMPROVEMENT—Physical, Moral, Intellectual, Industrialand Prudential; and to meet the wants ofthose who are more or less engaged in that noblework. But while it will aim to embody in its pages—by means of original contributions, and carefulselections and compilations from able writers—agood share of the best self-educational spirit and talentof the age, no effort will be wanting to make anentertaining and useful MISCELLANY OF PROXY ANDPORTRY for the general reader. HE  ISCELLANY OF ROXY ORTRY It will seek to impress deeply upon the minds ofall persons engaged in the practical pursuits of lifethe importance, the duty, and the practicability ofEDUCATINO THRMSKLVES, in a manner worthy of beingscreated in the image of God, and provided withillimitable means of improvement. DUCATINO HRMSKLVES It will endeavor to disseminate correct views ofthe kind of education best suited to Republican offinonein general, and to each of the Practical closesof Society in particular; and to point out the bestcourse to be pursued in its acquirement. kind We believe it will be able to demonstrate that theUseful Avocations of Life, instead of constitutingany obstacle is the best kind of Self-Education, mayand should be so regulated as to contribute eminently—as Providence doubtless designed they should—in the highest Intellectual and Moral, as well asI'hysical, interests of those engaged in them. It will therefore repudiate the notion, that trueelevation of condition requires the quitting of anyuseful employment; and do what it can to breakdown the foolish, not to say wicked prejudice againsthealthful Labor, which still so extensively prevalls,as well as to check the ever-weening veneration forProfessional life, so common among all clames. Recognizing the cardinal Christian doctrine ofHuman Brotherhood, its whole spirit will be opposedto Oppression and Depression in all their forms,whether their vistins be at any case or of any color.It will show that sound policy, no less than duty,calls sternly upon the more prosperous classes totake the most generous interest in the elevation ofevery branch of Society. In all this, it professes so novelty Taking itsstand upon those two grand principles of AmericanInstitutions, the Right of the People to Self Governmentin the State, and to Private Judgment isReligion, it will show that these principles notbe put aside as mere rhetorical flourish. They notonly mean but command something. They involvethe doctrins, that all classes of the community (whenin a condition to exert their powers) are CAPABLEOF FITTING THESELVES TO JUDGE WISELY UPONTHE HIGH AFFAIRS OF STATE, AND THE DEEP THINGSOF RELIGION. This is true—let temporaland spiritnaldespols sneer at it as they will—and so one canneglect the responsibility this truth faster uponhim, without proving false to be country and to theKingdom of God. The life of Liberty depends uponacknowledging and living up to it. TATE ELIGION. The social means now in operation for the elevationof the mass of Society, together with such newso homes of improvement as may be proposed to thecommunity from time to time, will receive the mostserious, and we trust candid consideration. Specialattention will of course be devoted to Lyceums, MechanicInstitutions, and other popular educationalSocieties. As to the attention we shall devote to Literatureand Science in general—as well as some other matterswhich there is not room here to discuss—weneed only say that we should be guided mainly by theleading design of the Magazine. We have onlyaimed in this place to explain the pecuhar featuresof our plan; and it is the less necessary to go furtherinto particulars, as the work has begun to speakfor itself. pecuhar The Editor has devoted considerable time, duringseveral years post, to the collection and preparationof materials for a work of this kind; and having securedthe aid of several writers of superior ability,besides engaging to the work with his whole heart,he is not without confidence that he will be able toexecute his plan with some good degree of efficiency. ☞ Published by GEO IV. LIGHT, 3 CORNHILL,BOSTON, and sold by Booksellers and PeriodicalAgents throughout the United States. ORNHILL 

 'Besides, every battle fought in Mexico, andevery dollar spent there, but insures the acquisitionof Territory which must widen the field of Southernenterprise and power in the future' and the final resultwill be to readjust the whole balance of powerin the confederacy, so as to give us control over theoperations of the government in all time to come.If the South be true to themselves, the day of ourdepression is gone, and gone forever.'—CharlestonCourier. gone, and gone forever. This is from the communication of a writer inthe Courier, written with a good deal of energy andstrength. He is, beyond doubt, one of those whobelong to the Southern party, by excellence. Withoutdesiring to exaggerate the importance of suchan article, we call the reader's attention to what ishere stated distinetly, by one portion of the "democracy," as the objects of Mexican conquest. "Itis," says the writer, "to re-adjust the whole balanceof power"—to "control the operations of Governmentin all time to come." Now, let the readerobserve, if Mexico be conquered, and its territoryannexed to the United States, and if also it bemade a Slave Territory, this OBJECT of CONTROLINGthe Government, by Slave power, will be accomplished. Mexican conquest. control the operations of Governmentin all time to come. will be accomplished. The writer in the Charleston Courier is neithermad nor a fool. He is looking far ahead, and calculatingchances coolly and carefully. Start not,reader! Hear him further: 'This is perceived in other quarters, and the dangernow is, from such a combination at the North asmay overawe the Administration and Congress.A combination may be made upon the principle ofopposition to the Mexican war upon anti-slaveryfeeling, and in favor of restoring the high tariffunder a pretext to meet the increased expendituresof Government. It is this that has swept Pennsylvaniaand Ohio in the recent elections, and it maydo the same in New York and Maine. If the Democraticparty br overthrown in those States, it willbring into power a strong combination deeply hostileto the south. The first development will be a movementto prohibit the introduction of Slavery intoany territory to be acquired in Mexico, and then torestore, to a great extent, the high duties that havebeen recently abolished. These two points are wellcalculated to rally the most powerful interests againstus, and to give to agitators and demagogues theirbrightest prospects of triumph.' The writer sees for more clearly than his shortsightedcolleagues, who write for the NorthernDemocratic Press, what is the true cause of theirdefeat in the North. He apprehended the result inNew York, and feared the consequences on hisdarling scheme of CONTROL. What does he fear?He fears that there 'will be a movement to prohibitthe introduction of slavery into any Territory to beacquired in Mexico.' Now, we beg no reader willstart, as if he saw a snake in the way. It isnecessary to look truth in the face. This writerassumes two plain positions, in regard to the Conquestof Mexico. 1st. He assumes that this is awar of conquest, and that Territory there is to beconquered and annexed. 2nd. He assumes thatSlavery is to be introduced (not maintained) intoMexico, where it does not now exist! Introduced isthe right word. And what does he fear? Hefears that the overthrow of the Party in the Northwill cause a prohibition of this introduction! fears introduction of slavery acquired in Mexico. conquest introduced does not now exist! Introduced fear The writer says : 'If they succeed in restricting Slavery one inchbelow the Missouri compromise,then if we submit toit, we shall deserve our degraded destiny. Whenthis issue is tendered us, let the consequences bewhat they may, we must meet it as becomes menand freemen. It will be no time to argue. Not thatwe should care to reserve acquired territory merelyas a habitation for slaves, but if they succeed in fixingrestrictions against that institution specially, itwill be a moral degradation and insult to us, which,if we bear in peace, will make us the fit subjects ofdespotism.' one inchbelow the Missouri compromise What is the line of Missouri Compromise? Itis the latitude of 36 30. And where is Mexico?Almost all its population and wealth are below thatline. If we conquer Mexico, then, we are to makewhat is now a free country, a land of slaves, or weare to take Nullification and threatened Disunion!Let no man turn his face from this picture. It isthe truth. For this, our army has marched onforeign land. For this, the blood of the brave hasbeen spilled around the walls of Monterey. Forthis, have the bones of those who died in Hospitalsmanured the barren soil of the Rio Grande! Forthis, has victory crowned the gallant actions of thesolider! For this, are the people accumulating aDebt for Posterity to pay! For this, is all our Glory,and all the green Laurels which may adorn thebrows of Warrious or Statesmen!—that we maybuild up new slave states to 'CONTROL the operationsof the Government in all time to come'!! Almost all its population and wealth are below thatline. this this this this this this that we maybuild up new slave states 

 Swords are into ploughshares turning,Reaping-hooks have banished spears;Silent is War's voice of mourning,Dried the source of battle-tears.Angel-hymns in heaven are singing,Earth repeats their harmonies;Once again God's message bringing:Peace! delightful tidings! Peace!        Brighter days await the nations—Burst the barriers, break the ban!Freedom pours her gratulations,Man is reconciled to man.Commerce, through the world progressing,Quickens myriads at her call,Universalizes blessing,And makes each the friend of all.        'Midst the joy, one sad emotionHaunts and harasses the breast;There's a cloud across the ocean!There's a plague-spot in the West!Men! whom we would love and honor,As ye love your country's fame,Cleanse the shame-stain resting on her,—Slavery is that stain of shame.     would    Bowrington, near Bndgend,Glamorganshire, Sept 4, 1846. 

 ☞ The following communication appeared inthe Boston Atlas on Monday. The letter sufficientlyexplains the circumstances which drew itforth, and deserves a place among the records ofthe times. MR. EDITOR:—In the morning papers, I observemy name as one of a committee appointed at a'War Meeting,' held in Faneuil Hall, last Thursdayevening, to 'solicit funds to aid the Regimentof Volunteers for the Mexican War.' R. DITOR I should not have been more surprised had I beennamed as one of a committee to set fire to mydwelling-house, or to solicit men to become traitorsto their country, and its constitution. I was not atthe meeting, neither did I sympathize with thosewho called it, nor can I with those, who, by a recklessdisregard of the great principle of humanityand right, have by their profligate course, furnishedan opportunity for such a meeting to be called. Ifthe present was a National War, brought upon thecountry by constitutional authority, to vindicatenational honor and national rights, there wouldthen be no necessity, I apprehend, in Massachusetts,of appointing a committee for any such purpose.It is not, however, for either of those purposes, itis a war of different origin, for other and quite differentobjects. It is not only to extend and perpematethe abominable institution of Negro Slavery,but to forgave additional chains and fetters forthe POLITICAL SLAVERY OF THE FREESTATES— putting off the day to an indefinite period,when they would, otherwise, have becomefree and emancipates from the miserable policy,and the corrupt and dictatorial power of the SlaveStates. Does it promote the interests, the honor,and the glory of this FREE country, to extend andperpetuate Nigro Slavery? Are there no otherobjects worthy of the powers and valor of ourarmy and navy, but to make slaves of a portion ofthe human family? Every victory which Gen.Taylor may gain over the Mexicans strengthens theslave power, and subjects the Free States to its intolerantand abusive domination. either strengthens If the Massachusetts Regiment, which is aboutto be raised, were going to Mexico for the purposeof escorting our army back to the United States, Ishould feel very much inclined to serve on theCommittee. It would then be engaged in a goodand noble cause, in promoting the suhstantial 'honorand glory' of the country, and suhserving thehighest principles of humanity. escorting our army back to the United States Having been nominated as a member of the abovenamed committee, without my knowledge orconsent, at a public meeting, I thus, as publicly,deeline serving. WM. DENTON. Saturday Morning, 19th Dec, 1846. 

 ' They that be wise shall shine as the brightness ofthe firmament; and they that turn many to right.cousness as the stars for ever and ever.' Thus, faithful one, to thee be givenThe meed of glory th no!Thy spirit, like the stars of heaven,Forevermore shall shine.    For thou the hearts of men hast bentTo righteousness and truth;For this thy green old age hast spent,Thy manhood and thy youth.    Nor 'stoned urn,' nor carved stone,To Clarkson need we raise,For wheresoe'er thy name is known,There dwells thy deathless praise.    Nor nobler tribute couldst thou ask,To grace thy honored grave,Than this— the story of thy task—;Friend of the helpless slave.'    We mourn thee not! our hearts rejoiceThat thy great soul is free;It cheers us like a spirit's voice,But to remember thee!    Cambridge, U.S. 

 From a desire to acquiesce in the views ofmany sabacribers, and in the hope of extendingmore widely the circulation of the LIBERATOR, theFinancial Committee have concluded to make trialof the experiment of reading the pries, the assumingyear, to TWO DOLLARS, payable in advance. Ifpayment be delayed till the expiration of six months,the price will be two dollars and fifty cents. IBERATOR the assumingyear, To meet the loss of this reduction, and have thepaper eustained as its present footing, an increaseof six hundred subecribers will be requisite. It is,therefore, hoped, and earnestly requested, that everysubscriber will interest himself in extending thesubscription list; which can readily be increased todouble its present number, if each subscriber willprocure the addition of one more.  The paper being unsustained by the subscribers,even at the present price, and having no aid fromany Anti-Slavery Society, the deficiency has hithertobeen annually supplied by the private donationof a few individuals. If, in reducing theprice, this defect can be avoided, or even preventedfrom augmenting, by an increased subecription, theCommittee will feel highly granted in the anticipationthat much good must result from this increasedcirculation. unsustained For the Committee, SAMUEL PHILBRICK. Brookline, Dec. 26, 1846. 

 'Another star gone out in Freedom's sky'?No! 'tis the meteor-lights of earth that fles:'Another star gone up,' to burn on high,A star of faith, and hope, and liberty!    He is not lost— he hath not passed away—Clouds— earths— may pass— but stars shine calmlyon;And he who doth the will of God, for eyeAbideth, when the earth and heavens are gone.     He is not gone from us,— but nearer yetTo freemen's hearts he dwells than e'er before:O! say not— feel not— that a star is set!—A star is risen, to cheer us evermore! from us    He is not dead,— for this corruptible, now,Hath put on incorruption, and the eyeWhose earthly light is quenched to all below,Beams with the light of immortality.    Thy seed, O! man, is quickened when it dies—Nor yields its perfect fruit till that same hour;So, while in dust, his body mouldering lies,His risen soul shall work with quickening power.   his  It lives e'en here— it works e'en now— and they—Thousands— on whom his look, his voice, ne'erfell—Catch from his dying face a kindling ray,And feel new thrills of life the bosom swell.     He walked all day with God in love and fear—At eve God took him— and he was not there:Now in God's omnipresence he is near—Near thee, O, slave! O, freeman! in thy prayer!    thee Alas' that such a heart is in the grave!Thanks for the life that now shall never end!Weep, and rejoice, thou terror-hunted slave!That hast both last and found so great a friend!Newport, U.S.     

 It will be seen, by the notice of the Financial Committee,that the terms of the Liberator have been reducedfor the ensuing year, as a matter of experiment;and we trust it will be the means, not onlyof retaining all whose names are now on our subscriptionlist, but also of increasing the circulationof the paper to a much greater extent than at present.As this paper is not, and never has been, theorgan of any Society, it has consequently had to dependupon its subscribers and the good will of itsfriends to keep it afloat amid the storm of the anti-slaveryconflict. We make no promises for the future,but shall strive, as hitherto, to make the Liberator'a terror to evil-doers, and a praise to themthat do well' —refreshing to the spirit of its readers,salutary in its influence, and conspicuous for itsfreedom and independence. To-day is the commencement of the new year.We proffer our cordial greetings and best wishes toour numerous friends on both sides of the Atlantic,gratefully acknowledging our deep indebtedness tothem for their faithful co-operation with us in thesacred canse of liberty and humanity, and renewingto them our pledge of unswerving fidelity to thatcause, through whatever obstacles that remain to besurmounted, or whatever trials we may be called toexperience. Probably this will be the most eventfulyear in the history of this country during thelast half century. 

 Talk not of kindness to thy slave! The chainthat galls his body, oft must in his earForever clank: the whip, resounding near,Oft on his back descending, driven amain,Hath, in his quivering flesh, left bloody stain.How then can he thy tones of kindness hear,Who knowns not justice? But, kind laster! stripThy body to the task, and herd with thoseWho toil, for others' gain, beneath the whip,And share with them the kindness Slavery shows:So may'st thou judge aright of favors, shownBy power to weakness, where no rights are known.Such lordly kindness gilds the bitter pill;But leaves unchanged its deadly venom still.New Hampshire, U.S.               

 We give below a table of the contents of this elegantand useful annual, which will amply suffice tosatisfy every friend of humanity, and every admirerof choice literature, that it is pregnant with interest,and deserving of a rapid sale:— The Liberty Bell, by R. Madden,— The Fugitive,by Edmund Jackson— To our American Brethren, byJohn Bowing— Disunion, by Wendell Phillips— Tothe Abolitionists, by William P. Atkinson—Extractsfrom a Speech in Faneuil Hall, by Stephen C. Phillips— Paul Fleming's Sonnet to Himself, by CharlesFollen— An English Child's Notion, (anonymous)—Lecture on Slavery, by Rev. George Armstrong, ofBristol, Esq.— On hearing of the Death of Character,by Eliza Lee Follen— An Illustration of Character,by Warren Burton— Voices from the Old World tothe New, by an English Lady— Letter, by GeorgeCombe, of Edinburgh— Kindness to Slaves, by WilliamPlummer, Jr.— Effects of Emancipation in Barbadoes,by John Davy— From an Unfinished Manuscript,by John Quincy Adams— The True Pioture,by Susan C. Cabot— Justice and Mercy, by LouiseP. Hall— Death of Toussaint L' Ouverture, by JohnWeiss— Lines on Thomas Clarkson's Death, byCharles T. Brooks— An Equation, by Thomas T.Stone— Resolution and Templation, by James FreemanClarke— A Sketch from Maryland Life, by CarolineW.H. Dall— Why Stand Ye Idle, by BenjaminS. Jones— Mount Verney, by Edmund Quiney—Lines to Andrew J. Stevenson, by James Hurnard—Prayer to God for the Planters, by Joseph Magzini— Extreme Unction, by james Russell Lowell— TheChildless Mother, by J.E. Snodgrass— The LastWords of Marie Roland, by Jules— A true Tale ofthe South, by Jane Elizabeth Jones— Poem on Barid'sPicture of a Slave-Mart, by Sarah Sanford—TheDestiny of the Nation, by Parker Pillsbury— A TwilightVision, by Maria Lowell— A Pocket Piece, byDavid Lee Child— Edward S. Abdy, by Maria WestonChapman— Last Thoughts of Thomas Clarkson. The volume contains upwards of 300 pages, and isprinted in a manner highly creditable to Andrews &Prentiss. Those who intend to possess a copy of it,must purchase without delay, as only a limited numberis offered for sale. Apply at the Book Table atFaneuil Hall Bazaar. It was intended that a portraitof FRANCIS JACKSON should accompany it, butthe engraver was not able to complete it in season.A more steadfast, disinterested, generous friend ofthe anti-slavery movement does not exist; and thedisappointment we feel, at this omission , will be feltby thousands, who would be highly gratified to see animage of one so nobly deserving the admiration andapplause of the free and good in every land. RANCIS ACKSON N. B. In the short but excellent letter of GeorgeCombe, Esq., the distinguished phrenologist of Edinburgh,addressed to Mrs. Chapman, we find the followingearnest and truthful declaration:—'If thereis a living being in the United States, who does notlament and shudder as this scourge of humanity—SLAVERY— he is dead, not only to the voice of conscienceand of patriotism, but to the sense of shame,and the honor of his country.' Alas! how manysuch there are in this guilty land— chaining at thesame time to be the purest patriots, the stanchestrepublication, and the most exemplary Christians! 

 The bell! the bell! the glorious bellWhose merry chimes delight the ear!As ever cheering tale they tell,That all true men exult to hear.    Oh for a glorious peal at lastOf the true bell of Liberty!To rend the air and strike aghastThe monster might of Slavery.    Oh for a swing of that great tongue,to shake the proud oppressor's throneWhere'er it's set: with one ding-dongTo bring the potent despot down.    Oh for a burst of that deep bellOf Mafra's tower, to fright awayThe people's foes, and ring the knellOf giant Mammon's godless away:    To smite with fear the fiends who tradeIn human flesh and blood,— the knavesWho give the gold to make the raid,And rail at those who vend the slaves;   raid  To save the land that holds the gravesOf Franklin, Washington, and Penn,From laws that make her millions slaves,—And, worse than brutes, of Christian men.Ireland.     Ireland. 

 I hail the appearance of 'THE ANGLO SAXON,' thefirst number of which is before me, and which is tobe 'devoted to the diffusion of knowledge and news,through the medium of Phonotypy, or the true systemof spelling words— that is, just as they are prenounced.'It is published in the form of a newspaper,and its terms are $2 per annum, in advance.The publishers are Messrs. Andrews and Boyle, ofthis city, who, for the last two years, have devotedthemselves to the mighty task of effecting an entirerevolution in the spelling, writing and printing ofthe English language, by substituting the phonographicand phonotypic characters invested by thecelebrated ISAAC PITMAN, of Bath, England, andhaving for every sound, a definite and unalterablesign. The utility and importance of this reformation,though as yet understood by comparatively few,I am convinced cannot easily be exaggerated, nortoo frequently nor too earnestly urged upon the attentionof all who deplore the frightful prevalenceof ignorance in this and other lands, who desire torank among the benefactors of the human race, whobelieve that' what ought to be done, can be done.'I have not yet seen the person, who has candidly examinedit for the purpose of forming a just estimateof its value, who does not regard it with as interest,in many instances bordering on enthusiasm. Noopponent has yet appeared, capable of disproving itsexcellence, or of defending the present incoherent,aboard and monstrous method of spelling the Englishlanguage. The objections made to it, which Ihave sometimes heard, have seemed to me quite asfrivolous and unreasonable as any that are urgedagainst the temperance, peace and anti-slavery reformsof the age. It is very easy to cry 'humbug!''fanaticism!' 'disorganization!' —and a fool or ahypocrite can do so as readily as a philosopher or asaint. But what is demonstrated to be true, exact,simple, beneficial, cannot be coughed down orlaughed to scorn, but must triumph at last, be theopposition to it what it may. HE NGLO AXON just as they are prenounced. SAAC ITMAN 

 Should be sought with untiring and ceaseless energyby every friend of God and man, for the followingUNANSWERABLE reasons: The army and navy practically and necessarilyabolish Christianity, and dethrone the Deity; sinceGod commands us to pursue one course of conducttowards our enemies, whilst the army and navypractically command us to pursue the opposite. practically and necessarily God says, Thou shalt not kill. The army andnavy say, You may and shall kill. God says, Resist not evil. The army and navysay, You may and shall resist evil. God says, If any man smite thee on thy rightcheek, turn to him the other also. The army andnavy say, Turn not the other cheek; its is cowardlyand infamous to do so. God says, Love your enemies. The army andnavy say, Hate your enemies. Love Hate God says, Bless those who curse you—bless andcurse not. The army and navy say, Curse thosewho curse you—curse, and bless not. God says, Pray for those who despitefully useyou and persecute you. The army and navy say,Pray for and seek the destruction of those who despitefullyuse you and persecute you. God enjoins forgiveness, and forbids revenge.The army and navy scorn forgiveness, and enjoinrevenge. forgiveness revenge. God says, see that none render evil for evil toany man. The army and navy my, See that yourender evil for evil to all who injure you. God says, Overcome evil with good. The armyand navy say, Overcome evil with evil. God says, If you enemies hunger, feed them; ifthey thirst, give them drink. The army and navysay, If you do, you shall be hung or shot as a traitor. God says, Avenge not yourselves. The armyand navy say, Avenge yourselves. God says, Obey God rather than man. The armyand navy say, Obey man rather than God. God says, Do good to all men. The army andnavy say, Do all the evil you can to your enemies God says, Beat your swords into plough-shares,and your spears into pruning-books. The armyand navy say, Make swords and spears, and learnwar. God says, Wars and fightings come from men'slusts that war in their members. The army andnavy say, Wars and fightings may originate in loveand forgiveness. God says, Cursed is he that trusteth in an arm offlesh. The army and navy say, Blessed is he thattrusteth in an arm of flesh. God says, Blessed is he that trusteth in the Lord.The army and navy say, Cursed and foolish and fanaticalis he that trusteth in the Lord; but wise,honorable and safe is he that trusteth in swordsand guns. God says, They that take the sword shall perishby the sword. The army and navy say. They thattake the sword shall be saved by the sword. perish saved God says to the human family, My children, loveone another. The army and navy say to the humanfamily, Hate and kill one another. Hate God says, I am your common Father, ye are allmy children, ye are all brethren. The army andnavy say, God is not our common Father; all arenot his children; all are not brethren, but are made,like beasts, to kill and devour one another. The army and navy, instead of being the gallantand heroic defenders, are the mean, cowardly andsavage destroyers of property, liberty, and life.Destruction and DEATH are their aim and end. The army and navy are nurseries of robbers, assassins,pirates, slaveholders, and tyrants. The maintenance and employment of their armyand navy caused the English debt of EICHT HUNDREDMILLIONS OF POUNDS STERLING,and takes from the nation—chiefly from the laboringand producing classes—more than twenty five millionsof pounds sterling per year, to pay the interestof the debt. twenty five millionsof pounds sterling per year The army and navy throughout the world,swallow up about one-third of all the world's industryin current expenses. The army and navy enable oppressors and tyrantsto inflict upon the starving people, whateverunjust and bloody wars they chose to undertake. The army and navy are the irreconcilable foes ofthe peace and good order of society, and the greatestobstacle to the universal establishment on earthof the peaceful kingdom of the Son of God. Thus the existence of the army and navy is apractical abolition of Christianity, and of humanbrotherhood—a practical dethronement of God, andthe deadliest enemy of human life and human liberty.Therefore, THE ARMY AND NAVYOUGHT TO BE IMMEDIATELY AND FOREVERABOLISHED. practical HENRY C. WRIGHT. ENRY RIGHT. 

 The town of Worcester has long been familiarlycalled, on account of its local position, 'the heart ofthe Commonwealth;' but, though a good deal ofanti-slavery labor has been expended upon it, at varioustimes, no special impression has been madeupon it until recently. Within a few weeks, however,—owing to the powerful efforts of S. S. and A.K. Foster, Parker Pillsbury, and others,—a very considerableinterest has been excited, the meetings arenumerously and respectably attended, a town antislaverysociety has been organized, and the cause ofthe slave is summoning to its aid such as are evidentlydetermined to do what in them lies to help italong. For a few Sundays past, meetings in the afternoonand evening have been regularly held, remarkablywell attended, and ably addressed by various speakers.It is intended to continue them for some time tocome. The day cannot possibly be consecrated to ahigher or holier purpose. On Saturday and Sunday last, the annual meetingof the Worcester County South Division Anti-SlaverySociety was held in Worcester,—the worthy President,SAMUEL MAY, presiding on the occasion. Theinterest excited was of the most gratifying character.The principal speakers were Wendell Phillips, LoringMoody, J.T. Everett, and W.L. Garrison. All thereligious and political aspects of our cause were ablyexamined, and the remedy for our great national discasepointed out. On Sunday evening, the spacioustown-hall was thronged by a most attentive assembly,when the following resolutions were unanimouslyadopted: AMUEL AY 1. Resolved, That our cause not having yet triumphed,and our work not being yet finished, weproceed to inflict new wounds upon the monsterSlavery, that his existence may be speedily terminated,and our land and the world delivered from hisfrightful presence. 2. Whereas, by the Constitution of the UnitedStates, adopted in 1787, the citizens of each State areentitled to all the rights and immunities of citizens ofthe several States; and whereas, so power leas hasthat instrument long since become, to guard the personalliberty of those who are entitled to its protection,that citizens of this Commonwealth may notventure to travel south of Mason &Dixon's line, excepton pain of fine and imprisonment, and even atthe risk of being sold at public v endue as slaves;therefore, Resolved, That for Massachusetts to remain as apartner in a Union, in which her people are deprivedof every constitutional right, and continually subjectedto the most atrocious insults and outrages, is tomake herself a willing bond slave, traitorous to thecause of human liberty, and responsible for every actof usurpation which has stained the Federal Governmentwith pollution and blood. 3. Resolved, That fidelity to the cause of our enslavedfellow-countrymen still calls for the condemnationof the American churches and theological institutionsas the bulwarks of slavery, and demandsthat they should be held up to the abhorrence and indignationof every real friend of God and man,throughout the world. 4. Resolved, That slavery will cease to curse andpollute our soil whenever slaveholders are universallydenied the name and character of Christians—for itis solely by the religious sanctions which are thrownaround it, that this impious system is perpetuatedwithin our borders. 5. Resolved, That in view of the religious andpolitical professions of the American people—the agein which we live—the light which has been given tothis nation, and resisted by it—the present war withMexico is without a parallel in the history of theworld, for moral turpitude and blood-guiltiness; itbeing not only a war of invasion, but waged for theunutterably horrible purpose of conquering a free andindependent nation, which will not tolerate a slave-holderor a slave on its soil, and because it will not doso; conquering it to extend the regions of slavery, toperpetuate and enlarge the traffic in human flesh, toprevent the triumph of Christianity, and to obstructthe progress of liberty throughout the world. and because it will not doso 6. Resolved, Therefore, that those who justify thiswar, or attempt to hide its enormity, or connive at itsprosecution, are to be sternly and openly rehuked,and classed among those who, in all ages, have gonewith the multitude to do evil, and associated themselveswith bloody and deceitful men. 7. Resolved, That the country has no claims uponany of the people to violate the laws of God, thecause of justice and mercy, the instincts of humanity,or the claims of universal brotherhood, in order todefend it in a wrong course; but it becomes the imperativeduty of every citizen as freely to condemnthe country when it is in the wrong, as to commendit when it is in the right. 8. Resolved, That steeped in criminality as is theparty which impudently declares this war to be a justand honorable war on the part of the United States,far more guilty in the sight of God is that otherparty, which, while it brands this as a war waged fordiabolical purposes, proclaims its readiness to votefor all the supplies that may be needed to insure victoryto the American invaders of Mexico. 9. Resolved, That though the President of theUnited States, in his recent message to Congress, hasdared to assume absolute dictatorship over the con-scieacesof the people, and to insinuate that moralopposition to this war is a treasonable act, yet he willsucceed in convicting as traitors to the country, onlyhimself and his land-stealing, slave-breeding associates. 10. Resolved, That those of our citizens who areopposed to the Mexican war, ought publicly and immediatelyto manifest that opposition in a manner notto be misconstrued or mistaken; and to that end,public meetings ought to be notified and held with-outfurther delay, in order that the professions of oppositionto the war may not pass for hypocriticalknavery. 

 Of a Committee on the subject of inhaling vapor ofsulphuric ether to prepare patients for surgical operations. Of a Committee on the subject of inhaling vapor ofsulphuric ether to prepare patients for surgical operations. At a meeting of Dentists of this city, held at thehouse of J.F. Flagg, Dec. 4th, when this matterwas fully discussed, a committee was appointed toreport at an adjourned meeting some expression ofopinion, which they could lay before the public,concerning the adoption of the above-mentionedagent in Dental practice. At a second meeting on the 7th, at the house ofDr. Dana, the committee made a partial report, thesubject of which was freely discussed for severalhours, and the meeting adjourned to meet on the10th. The meeting assembled according to adjournment.The committee made the following report,which was unanimously accepted, and a resolutionpassed to publish the same, with the signatures ofall present: We, the undersigned, Surgeon Dentists of thecity of Ho ton, members of the MassachusettsMedical Society, have beard, with much interest,within the last few weeks, of the extraordinary resultsof a discovery, which promises to be of importantservice in diminishing the amount of humansuffering usually endured in severe surgicaloperations. From all which we have heard, seenand proved by experiment concerning it, we areled to hail it as a messenger of glad tidings tomany of our diseased and suffering fellow-beings.We refer to the discovery that, the vapor of sulphuricether inhaled into the lungs for a few minutesonly, will, in a majority of cases, produce sucha degree of inebriation or stupor as will allowgreat violence to be done to the body, without anyor but slight consciousness of pain at the time, orrecollection of it after the restoration of the senses. We have diligently sought for the facts in relationto the authorship of this discovery, and fromthe direct information, which we have been able toobtain, we are satisfied that society is indebted forit, be it more or leas valuable, solely to our veryworthy fellow citizen and professional brother, Dr.C.T. Jackson. By the superior talents, deep learningand indefatigable industry and research of thisgentleman, important public interests, not only oour city, but of our State, and of our country, havebeen advanced. solely If the advantages, which this discovery nowpromises, should be but in part realized, (for we aceand know that it is not about to do all the goodwhich ardent minds anticipate, as we shall presentlyshow,) it will still be, beyond doubt, a blessingto mankind, and we shall feel that he has givento the world a boon, which, ethereal though it bewill outweigh all the treasures he has brought tolight from the deep and teeming bowels of theearth. And the blessed result of that singlethought, which has applied his discovery to thepractice of operative surgery, will be rememberedwith gratitude by tons of thousands when all himachievements in the mine and the laboratory shallbe in a measure forgotten, and lost in the voluminousrecords of similar labors. But we have not tested the effects of the inhalationof ether sufficiently to pass an unqualified decisionin favor of its use; for although it promisesgreat and most happy results, it is not without deleteriouseffects. Although we have been desirousto use it and have been determined to do so, as weshould become satisfied of its utility, still we knowthe power of the agent, and we know that in manyinstances, its operation would be uncontrollable.We have not felt warranted in using it withoutgreat caution in regard to the age, temperament,health, and habits of our patients. A fair trial of it has hardly been commenced.There have been some half docent experimentwith it at the Massachusetts General Hospital: perhapsas many more in the private practice of theSurgeons of that Institution. Some of these wehave seem, and asks some of the caps, which haveoccurred at Mr. Morton's room, where some of ushave attended by invitation, and at the request ofour friends, who wished to be subject of the experimentat his hands. From those sources and from some patientswhom we have visited since they have left his operatingroom, we have made up the followingopinion, and present the following unfavorable cases.Several favorable ones are widely spread beforethe public, and we are satisfied of their correctness: The symptoms manifested by the presence ofthis argent are striking, remarkable, sometimesalarming. Inhaling its fumes but a few minutes,induces, in some persons, agitation of the system,violent coughing, determination of blood to thebrain and eyes, dilation of the pupils and distortionof the features: followed by general prostration,laborious breathing, anxiety, sighing, groaning,fright and delirium. It must, therefore, he apparent that the drug inquestion in possessed of energies peculiarly potent,and for this reason it cannot be doubled, that itsadministration in certain conditions on constitutions,lions, especially where there is a predisposition toapoplexy, to morbid vascular derangement, tosudden impressions or congestion of the censorium,to diseases of the heart, and to all pulmonary orbronchial affections, must, consequently be in somedecree prejudicial to the health and safety of thepatient. In relation. therefore, to its practical utility inour particular branch of surgery, we are inclinedto the opinion, that when its operations shall bemore thoroughly tested, it may not so entirely meetthe public favor, as now anticipated by a largemajority of those, who have only heard reports ofits favorable results. We feel, therefore, that this whole matter, be itof greater or less value in surgical practice, shouldbe in the hands of those only who are in somegood degree physiologists and pathologists—ofthose who have testimonials from some one of ourmedical colleges, that they are worthy of beingtrusted with the health and life of their fellowcitizens. A few brief cases will serve to show that weare not unduly cautions in our admonitory remarks. A young lady, a patient of one of the subscribers,was accompanied by him to Mr. Morton'sas she wished to have the operation performedunder the influence of the sulphuric ether. Before the inhalation, being much excited, herpulse rose to 130. After the inhalation, pulse 70,eves injected. (blood shot.) respiration stertorous,slight frothing at the mouth, general appearancelike one going into a state of epilepsy. Severalminutes elapsed before restoration to the naturalstate, for some time much confused. Several hoursafter the operation, she said: I felt when the toothwas coming out, as if I was having a horrid dream.[She gave a scream during the operation.] Before the lady was operated upon, a young mansubmitted to the operation. He appeared to havemuch suffering, throwing his body almost from thechair, pulse rose to 150 while inhaling, action ofthe temporal artery very strong. Eyes injected,more than in the case of the lady, respiration laborious.Every indication of great cerebral excitement. Miss A.D., aged twenty, slender constitution,nervous temperament, went to Mr. Morton's roomson Monday, Dec. 7th, took the ether, and had atooth extracted. She lost consciousness in threeor four minutes after inhaling, felt no pain; butwhen senses returned, felt aching of head anddizziness for a few minutes, and a trembling of thewhole frame. Her friend, Miss J.R., near the same age, inhaled the ether and had a tooth extracted at thesame time. She became very much excited, andtalked strangely: felt but little pain from the operation.They both left Mr. Morton's rooms togetherat about 12 o'clock, went to a shop, andwhile there, Miss J. R. was seized with delirium,and was curried home in that state. She remainedso, except short intervals, for three days,—friendsafraid to leave her. She complained of sicknessand distress of stomach. Miss A.D. became delirious about an hour afterthey got home. This lasted all night. On Tuesdaymorning she raised blood from the lungs, it wassupposed about a pint; bleeding soon ceased, butshe was ill and much dejected on Wednesday evening. We have authentic accounts of other similarcases, more or less grave in their character, but theabove are sufficient. Names are withheld, at therequest of the individuals. We have not felt authorized to suppress these details,while our objects has been to present the truth.Yet we would state distinctly, that we do not knowof any permanently serious effects of the etherealvapor, which ought to prevent its use in severe surgicalcases, where the operators shall deem it advisableto apply it. In order then to have this important matterfairly investigated, and brought before the medicalworld and the public as it deserves to be, wewould propose that, as is done in similar cases bythe learned societies in Europe, the whole subjectshould be intrusted to a competent committeeappointed by the Massachusetts Medical Society,or if it can be done more conveniently and expeditiously,by the Boston Association of Physiciansand Surgeons, who shall collect information fromall sources which can be relied upon, and afterthey shall have made a full and scientific investigationof the matter, report at such times, and insuch a manner as they shall deer proper. But there is a dark side to this subject, which wewould gladly have been spared from presenting,and which, if allowed to remain, will throw ashade over all the truths which are yet to be learnedconcerning it. This discovery is one of interestto the whole civilized world. It may be applicableto the wants of millions of sufferers, andshould be a free offering to those who can be relievedby it. Yet how is this thing as it now stands before thepublic? It has to be sure, been introduced, in amanner which we do not clearly understand, tothe free use of the surgeons of the MassachusettsGeneral Hospital, for the benefit of that institution;but from all else, an attempt is made to shroud itby secrecy—by the mottled mantle of 'etherealcompound' and 'anodyne vapor,' and to exclude itby what we believe, from abundant legal authority,to be an unwarrantable and invalid patent.all this aim at exclusiveness we deprecate as unworthy of all regular and honorable physicians,surgeons and dentists: and we will not in any waygive countenance to efforts for depriving the unfortunateand suffering portion of our fellow beings,from the full and free advantage of thatwhich appears to us to their inherent right. Though it might have been pecuniary benefitto each and all of us to have complied with theexorbitant and otherwise unreasonable demands,which we are informed have been made for theright to use the vapor of ether, by the 'proprietor'of the said patent, we heartily protest againstholding the right to use it on such tenure, or asa secret medicine. And we have good reasons forsaying, that we believe, relying on the well knowncharacter of Dr. Jackson, that from whatevercause his name has appeared in the specificationfor a patent, it could not have been in conformitywith his own original design, nor in accordancewith his own noble and generous feelings as alwaysheretofore manifested, to keep the discoverya secret, or exclude it from free and general use. believe But, the question is asked, should there not besecured to the discover some reward or compensation?We answer yes; and if our hope shallbe in any considerable degree realized in the benefitof the discovery to mankind, the consciousnessof having made it, will be reward enough forany time philanthropic spirit; and if a more substantialrecompense shall be due, there is a high,honorable, and generous way for the public to doit, that will be of more value than all the patentsin the world. In the case before us, is there any new invention,or manufacture of instrument or apparatusby which the other is administered? No; for wehave seen an attested copy of the specificationfurnished from the Patent Office at Washington.The apparatus used by Dr. Morton, (and now, aswe learn, by many others who dare to use thelong known manufactured article—pure sulphuricother,) was contrived and manufactured by aningenious philosophical instrument maker, Mr. N.B. , in School street, and we havehis certificate to this effect.  We now close by saying, that we have presentedthis subject in the manner above expressed,in reply to the numerous questions and demandsof our fellow-citizens who desire to know whatthey have a right to know about it; and we haveendeavored to discharge the duty which our positionrequires, by assuming them. If we havesucceeded in this attempt to advance the cause ofscience and truth, we shall be content. J.F. FLAGG,JOSHUA TUCKER,THOS. GRAY, JR.D.M. PARKER.ELISHA G. TUCKER,FRANCIS DANA,A.L. WEYMOUTH,W.W. CODMAN,E.G. KELLEY,CHAS F. BARNARD,CHAS EASTHAM,JOHN CLOUGH. R. From the Hampshire Herald. ☞ THE NORTHANPTON WATER-CURE ESTABLISHMENTis now completed, and is a spaciousand conveniently arraigned edifice, 36 by 70 feet,two and a half stories high, with a piazza on theSouth side, 8 by 50, supported by seven Doric columns,and a portico on the West end. There areseparate parlors for ladies and gentlemen, alsobathing and dressing rooms. It was built byFrederick B Colemau, Esq. of Nantucket. Thoughthis is a plain edifice, its appearance shows thebuilder to be an accomplished and faithful mechanic.The house is neatly and conveniently furnished;and all the baths are well supplied with anabundance of pure spring water. HE ORTHANPTON ATER URE STABLISHMENT Mr. Ruggles is partially blind, and by his acutesense of touch has discovered that the skin is attendedwith electricity, the presence of which,in connection with some other symptons indicatethe character of diseases. His successful practicehas earned for him the reputation of a skilful Hydropathicpractitioner; also public confidence,and the means of enlarging his establishment.Mr. R. has found it to be a safe practice to drivehumors from the trunk of the body to the limbsand expel them from the ankles and feet. It is his opinion that when water of 70 to 76 degreesFahrenheit, if applied to an incurable case oflong complaint, dyspepsia, electric symptoms, willentirely subside. If this symptom continues afterten minutes half bath, the patient may havereason to hope for relief. The terms for board and treatment at the establishmentare £5 per week. 

 A letter from that ingenuous and estimable man,RICMARD D. WEBB, of Dublin, to Mrs. CHAPMAN,respecting certain untruthful and malicious assertionsmade by Mr. John R. French, in his account of thesickness and death of Mr. Rogers, may be found onthe first page. It is characterized by great tendernesstowards the deceased, but places Mr. French inthe unenviable position of a wholesale fabricator offalsehood, and a base libeller, in regard to Mrs. Chapman. ICMARD EBB HAPMAN 

 An Interesting Incident —Yesterday Dr. Hawkesofficiated in Christ Church, after an absence of severalmonths. During the reading of the service, aprayer was introduced on behalf of one who desiredto render thanks to God, for his escape from the perilsof the sea. On turning round, we discoveredCommodore Sloat most devoutly pouring forth histhanksgivings. The old veteran was not ashamedto confess before men his deep obligations to 'Himwho rides on the whirlwind and directs the storm.'May our country be forever blessed with commanderswho 'fear the Lord' —N.O. Jeffersonian. An Interesting Incident N.O. Jeffersonian. ☞ If the 'old veteran' truly 'feared the Lord,'he would not, a la mode the church, insult him bypresumptuously calling on is name, while, at thesame time, he stands ready, at the command of atyrannical and blood-thirsty government, to slay hisfellow-men. He would, on the contrary, immediatelythrow up his commission, 'beat his sword into aploughshare, and learn war no more.' Horrid and Brutal Murder—The Louisville Journalgives an account of a murder which, for fiendishbrutality, is without a parallel. It appears that aman named Samuel Chase, of Patriot, Indiana, startedlately on a trading expedition, accompanied byhis wife and two young men. Mrs. Chase was about19 years of age, and had been married two years.Chase, after leaving home, whipped his wife so unmercifullywith a cowhide as to leave the marks ofblood in her footsteps. Mrs. C. succeeded in escapingto Mill's Point. Chase then employed two personsto persuade her to return, which she did, andsent one of the young men to her father's on an errand. Horrid and Brutal Murder Chase then started down the river, accompaniedonly by his wife and the boy, and then commencedmurdering her by inches. Her person was cut andmangled in a most horrid manner with the raw hideand a bowie knife, both of which were found in herbed, covered with blood. Many wounds had the appearanceof having been caused by holding heragainst a hot cooking-stove. She was literally cutto pieces from her neck to her feet—both lengthwiseand across the body. Her neck had the apearanceof his having held her by the throat. He wasabout four days in accomplishing the murder. Herclothes were found in the boat, which he had takenoff from time to time, covered with blood, and cutand torn to pieces. On the arrival of the boat atJames's bayou, the young man that had been sent toher father's returned, and came on board the boaton the morning of the 29th of November. He sawMrs. Chase in bed in this situation, and immediatelygave the alarm. The neighbors came died in a shorttime after. Chase was secured, and after an examinationbefore a court of inquiry, was taken with thecorpse on board the boat to New Madrid, Mo., 25miles below, and lodged in jail, heavily boned.Chase offered no excuse for the inhuman act, andnone can be conjectured, unless it was a ruisunder-standingthat occurred between him and her parentsin some business transaction. The inhabitants ofNew Madrid were so enraged, that it was with difficultythey could be kept from executing him instantly;but law and order prevailed, and they havesent on a petition for a special court, to be held immediately,for his trial. The New Orleans Picayune tells the followingstory of a horrid murder committed at Bringier, La.,on the 25th ult., thy which Mr. Emile Dichary wassuddenly hurried into eternity. The murderers werea man and woman, both runaway slaves, and the circumstancesare told as follows. Mr. Dichary was out hunting, when he encounteredthe two runaways. He attempted to arrestthem, when the man advanced upon him in a menacingmanner. Dichary thereupon took aim at him,intending to shoot him, but both barrels of his gunraised fire. The negro then rushed upon him, andwounded him with a knite. Mr. Dichary attemptedto regain his horse which he had left in the edge ofthe woods, but the negross, seizing the gun whichhe had dropped, rushed upon him, and beat him oliverthe head with it. The two blucks were too muchfor him, and beat him till they supposed him dead.After some moments he revived, succeeded in mountinghis horse, and reached the plantation of Mr. Jacob.He there told the incidents of the affair, anddied in a few hours, leaving a wife and two children.His funeral took place the following day, attendedby a large concourse of his neighbors. A generalturn out of the inhabitants was determined upon forthe 27th, to hunt down the murderers. From the Couner of last evening, we learn that themurderers were pursued in the swamp, and after anobstinate resistance, the negro was killed. Beforehe fell, he shot two balls through the hat of his master,Mr. Colomb. The negro woman was taken, andconfessed the crime. A recent recount says, that after our fleet had accomplishedits object in visiting Tobacco, as the vesselsretired down the river, as they successively passedthe ends of the streets next the water, they firedtheir guns, charged with grape and canister shotup the streets, raking them their whole length,sweeping down and destroying every having thing! To keep alive the enthusiasm which has beenaroused throughout Mexico, and thereby forward theorganization of the National Guard, Gen. Sales, thenominal head of the Government, has allowed himselfto be named colonel of a new battalion raisedin Mexico. Murder.—An awful murder was committed in asmall town called William-sport, Pa, by an Irishmannamed Lawrence Turney, who best his wife to deathand then roasted her body by a slow fire. Murder. A Wodding on the Sound.—A loving couple, namesunknown, were united in the hands of wedlock yesterday,in the after cabin of the stream—boat Traveller,on her passage from New-Haven to this city. Theceremony was performed by one of the passengers,a highly respectable clergy man.—New York Sun. A Wodding on the Sound. respectable clergy man.—New York Sun. Loans of the Boston. The U. S. sloop Boston,Commander Geo F. Pearson, was totally wreakedoff Eletheura Island, Nov. 15. The crew all saved,205 in number. Loans of the Boston. Defence of Slavery—Dr. Eates of Montfomery,Alabama, has just issued a work entitled 'Defenceof Negro Slavery.' The Mobile Herald speaks of itas being likely to prove a valuable coastributian tothe literature of that saction of the Union. Defence of Slavery that saction An English writer states that the timber of thebridge lesson the Danube, bault by the Euperer Trojan,was found to be sound when taken up, thoughimmersed in water for sixters hanged years. Thepiles of the London bridge were slaves foured around after600 years use. The Transmission Alliance Crumbling.—Dr. SamuelDavidson, of Lancashire Independent College, haswithdrawn from the Alliance. From the first thatwe saw of the management of that Alliance, we haveviewed it as a death-struggle of Christiasized Paganison,which will expedise its agrees from theChristians Church. The Transmission Alliance Crumbling. Records of Future.—A man, named John Henry,recently died in the poor house of Trenton, N. J.,who once owned one third of the acres upon whichTrenton now stands.' Records of Future. Mrs. Susan Hard, of Statron, Maise, in the absenceof her husband and several of her eldestchildren, was engaged in some work up stairs; apart of the floor gave way, and precipitated her upona chair below, when a knife, which she was holdingin her hand, entered her side, so as to cause herinstant death. Abent eighteen months sicne, James W. Moorsonkilled a man named Neil in Western Missourn,and then made his escape. Morman was lately arrested,and while being conducted to jail, got hold ofa pistol, and blew his brains out. A Load of Butter.—The Albany Journal says thatsixty degree;-three and one-half tons of butter where unloadedfrom one canal boat at the Western Railroad Depot,oine day last week. The boat was from Rome, Oasidacounty. A Load of Butter. sixty degree;-three and one-half tons Another Magars.—a cataract has been discoveredon the river St. Louis, where it falls into the westernextremity of Lake Superior, which has never beendescribed by any geographer. It is said to be secondonly to Niagara. The volume of water is verygreat, and the perpendicular height of the fall onehundred and fifty feet. Another Magars. An Excution in Spain.—Jose Clavero, a notoriousbrigand, was executed in Spain on the 25th ult. Hechattered and joked with the utmost levity on hisway to the scaffold; and when the garotts was apphed, he called to the executor, with his dyingvoice, 'Screw tight' Screw tight' 'Era du volante'(he's a brave fellow) was the general remark,as the immense crowd, chiefly women, departed fromthe 'show'. An Excution in Spain. garotts Era du volante A Long Bridge.—A bridge is now nearly completed,which extend across the Delaware river, atNarrowburg, Pa., a distance of two hundred andsixty feet, by a single span, and without support ofcheck braces at the ends. This bridge is constructedon the plan invented by Mr. G. W. Thaver, of Springfield, Mass, and which has in many places taken thepreference over other kinds of timber bridges. It is25 feet wide, with 20 feet posts; its entire elevatorabove the water is 55 feet—constructed of whilehemlock timber, and is the longest span of bridge inthe United States A Long Bridge. two hundred andsixty feet Counterfeit half dollars.—The are a great manyof these afloat, of the beautifult Federal devices,and lettered on the edge. The metal stands aquafortiswell, but is duller in the sound than silver,though nearly as hard to cut. It is particularly tobe detected by a feel and look of greatness. Counterfeit half dollars. Cooling of The Hampden Guards, of Westfield,Mass. who volunteered for the Mexican war lastsummer, but were notified that their services wernot needed, havoing recently been notified that theywould be welcomed into the new regument nowbeing organized in this State, have had a meeting,and decided by a vote, almost two to one, that theywon't go. Cooling of Quick Passage.—The packet ship, Joshua Bates,arrived at Liverpool 7th ult. from this port, after apassage of only 15 1-2 days Quick Passage. Albany, Dec 4—On Friday, 20th November, thebrig Scotsman, from Montreal for Liverpool, waswrecked in a gale on Bic Island, and immediatleysunk in deep water. The crew, nine in number,took the boats, and were all lost except one man, whowas washed on Barnby Island and picked up by theinhabitants from the main land. Albany, Dec Light Houses, &c. There are 238 light houses, and30 floating hights in the United States, which costyearly $402,325 80. Light Houses In Morning—Hill's Patriot publishes, with hugeblack lines around it, what the editor calls the 'blackWhig disunion act, being a law passed by the lastLegislature of New Hampshire, similar to the onepassed by our Legislature, forbidding State officers,judges, justices, sheriffs, constables, jailors, &c., toarrest or detain persons claimed as fugitive slaves,under a penalty of fine or imprisonment. Was theEx-Governor intending to establish an angency forthe return of furgitives to their maters'—LowellCourier. In Morning LowellCourier. 

 The 'minute men' of Freedom, is the old BayState, are notified that the Fifteenth Annual Meetingof the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society will beheld in Boston, on the 4th Wednesday of January,(27th,) 1847; and they are expected to rally on thatoccasion with all that seal, readiness and determination,which the present crisis demands. The womenof the Commonwealth will not be outdone in co-operativeeffort on the secession. 

 Office, No. 266, opposite No. 307, Washington-st. corner of Avon Place, Boston. Office, No. opposite No. Washington-st. corner of Avon Place, Boston. FOR the purpose of introducing more extensivelyin many important respects, an entire new modeof preparing and mounting Mineral Teeth on Plate,the merits of which, it is confidently believed, will befounds to greatly exceed the usual method of preparingthem, the subscriber has been induced to offer suchterms, for a limited time, as will not only give to thepublic generally an opportunity of testing the practicalvalue of his theory, but will offer a rate opportunityfor the poorer classes, whose measure too lumtedto pay the usual price demanded. The new principleis not only applicable to small cases of two ormore teeth, but is peculiarly and especially adaptedto whole or half sets, where the alveolar or dentalridge has become uneven and irregular, by the absorbed,it will be readily seen by an examination ofthe jaw, that carved work in blocks, prepared expresslyfor each case, in necessary, for restoring that whichhas been removed by absorption, and for bringing outthe cheeks and lips to their uatural and unform fulness.The difficulties to be overcome in whole orhalf sets, so far as the proper form is concerned, arthusfully met by this mode, and it is not possible toaccomplish it so fully by any other means. It is thewant of this ingenious aly wrought block work to remedythe effects aove referred to, that so many areunsuccessful in giving satisfaction in their plate work—especially in whole and half sets. Another advantageof carved work, and one of great importance too,is its cleanliness. Unless the teeth are moulded tofit the plate in the most perfect manner, the finer particlesof masticated food, with the liquors of the mouth,will, as a matter of course, pass between the teethand the plate; and being retained there a few days,it being impossible to remove them, will invariablybecome offensive and taint the breath. Another advantageof paramount importance which the carvedwork has over that of single teeth, is its perfect articulation.Each tooth should meet its opposite in themost exact manner of masticating food; otherwisethe whole work will prove a source of continual annoyance, by its istability, falling down and other inconveniences only known to those who have wornthem. There are other advantages in this style ofwork that can only be understood and appreciated byan examination of the specimens that may be seen atthe subscriber's officer—which the public are respectfullyinvited to examine for themselves. They consistof whole and half sets; and a variety of eases ofsiualler magnite, where great difficulty in executionis to be overcome. They cannot fail to exciteadmiration from all who are pleased with close imitationsof nature, and would inspire a confidence intheir merits that the wearing of them would tend tostrengthen. OR terms especially carved Up to January 1, 1847, the following terms willbe strictly observed for all cases of plate work, froma single tooth to a whole set, viz: when a fit and fineeach of the work are produced to the satisfaction of theperson for whom they are, the charge will besimply the cost of the materials used in their constructoin,which will be less than one half the price usuallypaid; and after wearing them six months, if perfect satisfaction is not given, the teeth may be returned,and the amongst paid for them will be refunded.Old plate work that has been worn with muchinconvenience, will be exchanged for new on payinga small difference. All other branches of Demonstry,such as Filling, Setting as Pivot, CleaningPolishing, Regulating, Killing Nerves, Extracting,&c., will be attended to in the most thorough andscientific manner, and on the following terms, viz:For filling commons sized cavities with gold, $1: forother kinds of Filling, from 56 cents to $1; Extrating25 cents. Examination and advice gratis. Alloperations warranted. Carved work in block for whole or half sets will begot up for other Dentists on reasonable terms. S. STOCKING, Surgeon Dentist. Aug. 28 60. 

 We have inserted the prospectus of this Magazinein another column, that our readers may be fully andaccurately informed of its objects. The first numberis before us, and combines taste and genius with thespirit of universal reform. Mr. Light is well knownfor his past labors, and deserves liberal encourage-ment; especially as his Maguire is something newand valuable is its purpose and scope. 

 Attorney and Counsellor at Law, and Solicitor inChancery, Attorney and Counsellor at Law, and Solicitor inChancery FRANKLIN, PORTAGE CO., OHIO. RANKLIN ORTAGE O. HIO. PRACTICES in the courts of Portage and adjoining counties. Collections promptly attended toOffice No. 5 Bridge street, second story. RACTICES 

 This little anti-slavery journal has always been areal gem among the larger newspapers of the day.It has combined tact and talent, is a rare manner,and been deserving of a wide circulation. By thefollowing announcement in the last number, it ap-pears that the volume, for the current year, is topresent uncommon attractions. 'In the first place, the paper is to be enlarged. Itis to be printed, from the commencement of the newyear, on what is called a super-royal sheet: this willadmit one more column to each page, in its breadth,beside adding proportionally to its length. In the next place, the paper is to be improved inits external appearance. This will be done by usinga superior quality of paper, and the employment of a new font of type. In the third place, the internal quality and valueof the Freeman is to be enhanced by able editorialassistance. The Committees have partly completedarrangements, which will secure to the editorial col-umas of the paper, regular weekly contributions ofhigh literary merit and practical slavery effi-ciency. Although the adoption of these measures of im-bereavement will add not less than 33 per cent. to thepresent cost of getting out the paper, there will be noincrease in the price of subscripts One dollar perannum in advance will still be the terms. Our relli-ance for means to meet the additional cost of publi-cation will be upon an increase in the number of oursubscribers, and our hopes in this respect are basedupon the presumed willingness of those who alreadytake the paper, to make adequate efforts to add newnames to our list.' there will be noincrease in the price of subscripts THE BOSTON ALMANAC. This beautiful and high-ly useful annual, for 1847, by Mr. S.N. Dickinsonshows that 'Excelsior' is still his motto,. It wouldbe high praise to say that it is equal to any of theseries; but it is really the best and most valuable. Itcontains nearly 200 pages, 40 of which are devotedto engravings of nearly all the Railroads divergingfrom Boston, including Long Island, with a compro-hensive sketch of the various towns any villagedirectly in the lime of these roads. It has also a veryexcellent map of this most crooked and intricate ofall American cities. The business directoryfull and complete. The chronicle of events in Bos-ton during the year 1846, and also throughout thiscountry, will be considerable historical interest toa new generation. It appears that, with a populationof only 120,000, there are published in Bostonnot less than 76 newspapers; of these 15 are issueddaily! This number far exceeds, we believe, thatpublished in London, with its two millions of inhabi-tants! HE OSTON LMANAC. This Almanac, with all its store of information, itsmaps, &c., is still sold at the low rate of 25 centscopy. It can be afforded for this sum only by obtain-ing a very large sale, which it uaually does, in allparts of New-England. We shall purchase a numberof copies to send to some of our friends in the oldworld. NEW WORK. Gould, Kendall and Lincoln, 50Washington-street, have just published, in a verycompact and sally printed volume. 'The Pre-Adamits Earth: Contribution to Theological Science. ByJohn Harris, D.D., author of the 'Great Teacher,''Great Commission,' 'Mammon,' &c. We have notyet had time to examine it; but, from the rare abilityand great celebrity of Dr. Harris, we have no doubtit is full of profound thought and vigorous reasonings.To those who have read his other works, the mereannouncement of the appearance of this work willamply suffice to induce them to become acquaintedwith its contents. EW ORK. ANOTHER VERDICT. At the recent spirited Anti-Slavery Convention in Philadelphia, the followingamong other resolution were adopted. NOTHER ERDICT. Resolved, That the self-styled Evangelical Alli-ance, by its virtual endorsement of the Christiancharacter of slaveholders, and the Free ChurchScotland, by its consenting to receive the money ofslaveholders, for its religious uses, have proved them-selves fit buttresses for the 'Bulwarks of AmericanSlavery,' and to be in one condemnation with theslaveholding and pro-slavery church of U. States. Resolved, That we headily approve of the con-tent and unfaltering course of our friends, G. Thomp-son, Frederick Douglas, and H.C. Wright, in thedenunciation and exposure of these pro-slaver of British religionists, and the fidelity of their generalanti-slavery testimony.  Resolved, That we cordially rejoice at the safe re-turn of our beloved friend, W. Lloyd Garrison, fromhis mission to the British Islands, which we believeto be eminently benefice to the anti-slavery enter-prise and the cause of universal humanity, and thatwe warmly welcome him back to the post he had solong occupied in the forefront of the anti-slaverybattle. ANTI SLAVERY SPIRIT OF ENGLAND. The folow-ing advertisement, which appears in the SouthCarolina newspapers, strikingly exhibits the slavery spirit which animates the people and govern-ment of England, and contains a strong rebuke toour boasted national liberty and equality. NTI LAVERY PIRIT NGLAND.  NOTICE TO BRITISH SUBJECTS—The designed has received instructions to publish thethe information of all British subjects, thejesty's Government have come to the determinationof prohibiting all British functions , residing inslaveholding gountres, from administering to theestates of deceased persons, in cases which Slavesform part of the property of the deceased.    CHARLES DUNKIN WAKE. H.B.M. Console for S and N. CarolinaDecember 10, 1846. READ AND PRESERVE:—We have devoted thesecolumns of this page to the placing again on recordthe views of the leading democrat papers, respect-ing the annexation of Texas, before that crime ofcrimes was committed, and the bold avowals of Cal-houn and Upshot, as Secretaries of State, and otherSouthern men, as to the object of annexationand the present war with Mexico. EAD RESERVE 

 'The evil that men do, lives after them;The good is of interred with their bones.'  Seidom, or never, perhaps, is justice done to a re-former, while living; and when he dies, his cotem-poraries are reluctant to award to him the esteemwhich is actually his due. As attempt is not oftenmade to call is question the correctness of the prin-ciples be embraced and inculcated; not is it deniedthat he labored assiduously, with great self-denialand apparent disinterestedress, to render society bet-ter and happier, and to reclain men from sin and suf-fering, by introducing them to become sincere lovers ofGod and one another. But his motives are suspectedand impugned, the measures which he pursued arecondemned as unwise and improper, and an error ortwo of jugment into which he may chance to havefallen, is magnified and constantly presented in a distorted form, to the public mind, and is made to coun-terbalance, and even throw into utter forgetfulness,the good which he was instrumental of accomplish-ing. Such is the treatment, which, hitherto, in hislife-time, the reformer has always received, at thehands of a censorious and ungrateful world. Andthe generation who survive him, and for whose wel-fare he has toiled, with weariness and painfulness,never properly estimate his character. His faultsthey remember, and often speak of; but his virtuesthey forget, and bury the good he has done, with himin the grave. measures He been led into this train of thought, by re-flecting upon the life and death of my friend andbrother, whose name stands at the head of this arti-cle. He died suddenly of bilious chill fever, atSharon, Ohio, on the 30th of Sept. I am promptedby a sense of duty to say a few words respecting him,now he has gone to another world. I have knownhim intimately and familiarly, from childhood. Forseveral years, my house was his home—and it wasunder my roof he received his first abiding seriousimpressions and was emancipated, as he hoped, fromthe bondage of sin, and brought into the light andliberty of a redeemed son of God. In his naturaldisposition, he was ardent, generous, affectionate andkind. In his moral deportment, he was always unex-ceptionable. In obtaining his education, he encoun-tered and overcame difficulties, that, to ordinary per-sons would have been insurmountably. But by in-vincible  perserverance and untiring effort, he succeed-ed in graduating at Bowman College, with a goodreputation as a scholar, and the confidence andesteem of his instructors and associates, in the classof 1833. He acquired knowledge easily and rapidly,was eminently successful as a teacher of youth, andwas uniformly beloved and respected by his pupils.  As a preacher of the gospel, he always commandedattention, and, while engaged in the ministry, de-voted himself to its duties, with exemplary diligenceand fidelity. In every great moral and religiousenterprise, he engaged with characteristic ardor offeeling and determination of purpose. He was thewarm friend of the temperance reformation, and la-bored, indefatigably, for its extension and promotion.he was a thorough-going peace man, and viewed allwars and fightings as afferently repugnant to the teach-ings and spirit of the gospel of Jesus Christ. In thesituation of the wronged and bleeding slaves of ourcountry, he took a lively interest, early espousedtheir cause, and fearlessly opened his mouth in theirbehalf. The apostolic injunction, 'Remember themthat are in bonds, as bound with them,' without hes-itation he obeyed; but in obeying it, he was compel-led to encounter coldness and bitter opposition fromthose, of whom he had right to expect sympathyamd assistance. It was the heart-sickening sorrow he found, that,not only in his immediate vicinity, but in the countrygenerally, the ministry, and church, under theirtuition, had, as a body, no bowels of compassion forthe enslaved; their feelings were on the side of theoppressor, and against the oppressed. Whilst theyaffected great piety and concern at the deplorablecondition of heathen abroad, they were utterly indif-ferent and callous to the much more deplorable con-dition of millions of heathen at home; made such,by the current religion and laws of a professedlychristian and republican nation. Inconsistency so glaring, hypocrisy so barefaced,Mr. Beach could not fail of perceiving, or refrainfrom rebuking, openly, with meted severity. Hewas thus brought into collision with professedly re-ligious teachers and religious men, who, failing to or overcome him by truth and argument, re- at length to the very common indeed, yetmean, disgraceful and wicked expedients of calumnyand misrepresentation, for the accomplishment oftheir object. Conscious of his own integrity, and ofbeing on the side of humanity and of God, it is nomarvel that a man of his temperament should bedeeply grieved and incensed at the treatment he re- and induced, perhaps precipitately and to renounce the ministry, and abandon thechurch, and even to imbibe opinions on some sub-juects, and do some things, which both sound reasonand revelation condemn.       

