 S.H. Our fair friend, for such we judge her tobe form her chirography, is thanked for the interestshe takes in our spiritual welfare. As to the questionshe proposes, 'how many years it will be beforewe shall erase to mention the Transfer of the Emancipator?'it is one to which we cannot give a categoricalanswer. We would say, however, by wayof approximation, that we are in excellent health, ofwhich we take the best of care, with an eye to thisvery matter; and that we come of very long-livedfamilies, eighty being a usual age on our father'sside, and very few on our mother's ever thinking itworth their while to the much before a hundred.We think, therefore, we shall not be much out ofthe way, if we should say is reply to her interrogatory,—'Fifty Years!' Fifty Years!' As to the other subject of her letter, we can assureher that she is entirely mistakes. Our coursein the matter to which she alludes has met with thewarm and unanimous approbation, of all whose approbationwe think worth having. Indeed, we havenever heard or seen a word lisped against it, exceptingby those who wore themselves condemned bywhat we said. G.W. MCC., of Nottingham, Eng. This cordialletter shall have a speedy insertion. We cannotdoubt that Mr. Garrison will be most happy ofhis occasional communications. C J.B., of Fairhaven. We are much pleased tohave such good accounts of his town. We hopethat Mr. Brown's labors will be actively followed up. M.E.C., Salem. The invitation to Mr. Garrisonto lecture before the S. F. A. S. Society, is received,and will be found by him on his return. H.C.W. His letter is received and appreciated.'DOWN EAS.' Our Correspondent under thissignature will perceive that we have taken the libertyto change it, for one of the letters of his same.We hope he will excuse it. OWN AS.  

 To the question, why has art so rarely enlistedon the side of truth, and wrought for the service ofhumanity?—there has hitherto appeared an obviousanswer, namely, Man cannot live on art alone; andthough virtue is its own reward, and a rich one, it isa reward not easily convertible into bread. Theyoung artist who, destitute of means to cultivatehis talent, is aided by his neighbors to visit the treasuresof painting and sculpture in the old world, findshimself sufficiently removed from those friends bythe elevated taste, and the heightened perception ofexternal beauty and proportion which this tuitionhas given him without widening the breach by takingthe unpopular side in other disputed points.The painting or the status which has cost him yearsof toil remains unpurchased in his studio, becausein idea and execution it is far above the standard ofAmerican taste; and he can ill afford to give it theadditional odium of being an eloquent dennuciationof American slavery. taste A better day, however, we hope, is coming. Itsdown already in the obviously enlarging circleof the literature of humanity. The noblest powersof eloquence, the highest range of literary talent, havelong been exercised in the Anti-Slavery cause; buthaving been exercised by few, and in most cases byobscure persons, against an immense disparity ofnumbers and an overwhelming weight of political,social and theological influence, the progress theymade was long unseen, and their labors, like thoseof Noah, were derided by the prejudiced or unthinkingmultitude. Now the seed they planted amidstbetter discouragement in stony places is springingup, and fruit, thirty-fold, sixty-fold, a hundred-fold,begins to appear from it. As the visible product ofthe labor gives hope, new laborers also appear, andnot is the Anti-Slavery department only, but invarious other districts of the broad field of humanity,many are speaking, writing, striving by wit, sarcasm,pathos, argument, persuasion of every sort, to advancethe great cause of human improvement.Peace, temperance, the elevation of the ignorant,the reformation of the prisoner and the dischargedconvict, the improvement in the condition of thepoor, were never made the objects of such active exertionas at present. long There is therefore encouragement for art, whichshould ever be the handmaid of truth, to take hershare in this great work. The Greek slave, a representationof the past, has commanded the attentionand moved the sympathies of hundreds of thousands.When shall painting and sculpture do what theyought for the American slave, whose chains newclack in our ears, whose blood moistens our soil,whose cry constantly ascends to heaven for deliverance?The pictorial representations of slavery,however faithful in delineating its moral aspect,here hitherto failed of such artistic merit as wouldcreate a demand for them, and attract the attentionof persons of cultivated taste through the form tothe reality. But why should not this subject nowreceive the attention of artists who are able worthilyto illustrate it? No department of human life couldfurnish subjects or more thrilling interest, or situationsmore fertile in all the varieties of action andperson. Think what a picture might be made, byone who can faithfully copy from nature, of the saleof a family of human bodies and souls, 'in lots tonot pure hsers.' Can such a transaction need accessorycircumstances to heighten its interest?You have them. The scene is the capital of republicanAmerica, whose stars and stripes, proudly floatingover her Senate-House, in full view of this foulestand meanest act of tyranny exercised by thestrong over the weak, impudently declare thiscountry to be the land of the free and the home ofthe braze. The purchaser, who is about to tear awife from her husband and children, and who a fewyears ago voted in an ecclesiastical convention thatthe marriage lie, under such circumstances, becomesnull and void, is a clergyman, who declares himselfand is considered by others a minister of the gospel.The seller, a church member, in good and regularstanding, is respected by the community aroundhim as an honest and honorable man. And the spectators,who stand gazing at this scene or taking partis it as an ordinary business transaction, are staunchrepublicans, ready to pledge their lives, their fortunesand their sacred honor (against any one butas abolitionist) that all men are born free, with asinalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit ofhappiness. American new  free of the gospel. We want this picture, and many more which thesubject furnishes, illustrated by the pencil as wellto the pen; we want artists who shall not only refuseto paint 'battle-pieces,' but who shall volunteerto paint that which will best subserve the causeof human redemption; and we believe the time hascome when the man who does this work well willnot starve because of it. Oh! for a Retzsch to showslavery as it is, to those who have their eyes yetclosed.—C.K.W. volunteer 

 MESSRS. EDITORS—Will you permit me, throughthe columns of your paper, to address a few linesto my numerous friends, at the North, on one ofthe most delicate and exciting questions of theday? What I have to say shall be said kindly. ESSRS. DITORS On a question of such magnitude as Slavery—involvingas it does the interests of millions, and itmay be, the destiny of two continents, I shouldnot presume to lift a pen were it not that my opportunitiesof a personal and intimate acquaintancewith the subject have been somewhat peculiar. Slavery Being a native of New England, and imbibingas I did at an early age, an utter at horrence of thesystem—resisting afterwards nearly twenty yearsin different slave State—travelling frequently andextensively in the every State in the Union, where slaveryexists—addressing large and popular assembliesof both colors—aiding in the promotion ofSabbath Schools and Bible classes among theblacks—conversing freely with muster and slave,meeting the relation they sustain to each other,and the feelings of mutual dependence and attachmentsbetween them—together with seven years'residence abroad, listening to the most exciting debateson the subject, in Exeter Hall, London, andelsewhere—and now a resident of New York,where every variety of opinion is freely discussedand, though last not least, never having had anypecuniary interests whatever involved in the question,may, perhaps, entitle my remarks to as muchconsideration as those of many others who havenever travelled south of Mason's and Dixon's line. The object of this letter is simply to correctsome erroneous impressions, as to the real characterof slavery in this country. The prevailing impression at the North is, thatthe cruel treatment of the slave, and his consequentsufferings, are such as to demand his immediateemancipation. This is one of the most cogentreasons urged, why we should take no timeto consult the future good and interests, either ofthe master or the slave. And to deepen the impression,the most frightful pictures of sufferingsand cruelty have been drawn, and held up to theimagination, till the heart has become sick, andevery name of slave is associated in the mindwith all the horrors of the 'middle passage,' andthe racks and tortures of the inquisition. Now,with all due respect to the opinions of others, I do knowthat such impressions are not in accordancewith facts. slave opinions I do know On this subject the Southern character is eithernot understood, or grossly, though I would hopeunintentionally misrepresented. Bold and chivalrousas is a Son hern man in a contest with hisequals, nothing is more despicable in his eyes thana petty tyrant, who exhibits his prowess only ininflicting wrongs and injuries upon the helplessand unprotected. Naturally high-minded, nobleand generous in feelings and sentiments, he isfound magnanimous and kind in spirit towards hisdependants. As a general fact, I doubt whether there can befound a class of people in the world that sufferless, mentally or physically, than the colored populationof the South. None, who have fewer caresand troubles; who wear happier faces; are morejovial and merry—and who sing louder and sweeterthan they. For the truth of this, I appeal to everyman who has visited the South, and examined thissubject for himself, with an unprejudiced and animpartial mind. Exceptions I know there are,but these no more prove the general truth on thissubject, than do the convicts in the penitentiariesof New England prove that all the old Puritans ofit land of steady habits are grinding in the prison house.Hence, when a Northern man entersthe Southern States for the first time, and witnessesfamiliarity and kindness between master andservant, he exclaims with wonder, 'where are thelong whips, the scourges, the groans and tears, ofwhich I have heard so much?' And often have Iseen the tear start in the stranger's eye, at beholdingthe ecstacy of joy, with which these dependinggather round their master, on his return froma long absence, seizing his hand, and seeming tovie with each other in manifesting their love andattachment to him. And while writing the foregoingsentence, I have had to lay aside my pen, toin to a touching incident, that illustrates thestrength of this attachment, and has drawn tearsfrom my own eyes. In old colored matron, the mother of seventeen children,on learning my name, and rememberingthat I was a warm friend to the colored people,came to see me, and wished to know, 'if I had notbeen to her old master's house, more than twentyyears ago?' On reminding me who he was, I answeredin the affirmative, and then inquired of hishealth and that of her mistress. She burst intotears, and after struggling with her feelings forsame time, she replied,' My dear old master andmistress are both in heaven, and it is only aboutthree months since my poor mistress died—and oh!I shall never forget the day she was buried; whenI returned from the grave, I thought my heartwould break—yes,' said she, 'for more than thirtyyears, we had bowed the knee together in prayerevery day, but we shall pray no more together onearth—but thank the Lord,' she exclaimed, 'I shallmeet them in heaven!' On inquiring who herpresent mistress was, 'Oh, I live with my youngmistress now, and dear creature, she is like one ofmy own children,' added she, 'for I have nursedher from an infant, and bless God she is a Christiantoo! 'Yes,' continued she,' the Lord be praised,I think all my own children are Christians too—one of my sons is a preacher, and we are all tryto follow the good advice of our dew old mastermistress, that we may; meet them in heaven.'In order to test the strength of her attachment tofamily. I asked her, if she would not like to befree. 'No freer than I am,' said she, 'it is my mis-tress' pleasure to please me, and my pleasure to pleaseher—I stay with her in the city in thewinter, and go to the plantation, and stay with mychildren in the summer—and hear my sonpreach, and do as I please—and what more can Iwant in this world?' When this old Christianmother left me, I asked myself, whether it wouldkindness to tear her away from all her attachmentsand early associations, and run her off toCanada to die in want and penury under the mistakenidea that the enjoyment of unrestrained libertywould be ample compensation for all the foodraiment, the care and affection she now enjoys, and in which she is so perfectly contentedhappy?. And whatever may be the opinionsthere I was satisfied in giving to her Paul'sadvice, 'obey your master in the Lord, for that isright; persevere? in well doing; pray for your children,that God may prepare them for still richerblessings, which I believe be has in store for yournation and your people.' seventeen children, unrestrained liberty Another erroneous impression at the North is,the Southern slaves are pushed, and driven,over-worked; but the truth is that one whitelaborer at the North performs more labor than anytwo slaves at the South. And this accounts, forthe fact, that runaway slaves are never known tothe field, and work shoulder to shoulder withwhite man. He knows full well that theamount of labor that satisfied his Southern master,never satisfy the close, calculating man of theNorth. Hence, the should these idlers thatswarm about the outskirts of our Northern cities,a few of whom become cutlers, barbers, hack-driversand the like, while the majority plungeinto the deepest dens of pollution sod vice, becomevagrants, and live and die a curse to themselvesand society. The purlieus of New York, andSouthwark of Philadelphia furnish ample testimonyto this fact. And the plain incontrovertibletruth on this subject is, that the slaves of the Southas a class, are better provided for, enjoy more comforts,are more temperate and virtuous, 'come moreIn contact with religious truth, are more susceptibleof its influences, sot more contented and happy,than the free colored population in any part ofour country. And many are the instances, knownto me, of runaway slaves writing and beggingpermission of their maser to return home, declaringthey have been deceived, and in some cases,where their seducers have left them to utter destitutionand wretchedness, their masters, rather thanreceive then back, sand them money to supplytheir wants. Now, this by no means proves slaveryto be right, it only proves that immediate, indiscriminate,and unconditional emancipation,without any regard to the future good of the slave,is radically wrong—it is an injustice to the slave.But, if in sympathizing with the suffering slave,our minds can find any relief by contrasts, wechallenge a comparison of his condition in thisland of ease and plenty, with that of the ignorant,vicious, famishing millions of the lower classes allover the papal world, and in every point of view,whether we regard their temporal comforts, theirreligious instruction, or the standard of moralityamong them—our slaves are vastly their superiors.And if we go still farther, and draw a comparisonbetween the African here, though slaves, andtheir brethren in their native land, in all their cruelbarbarism and beastly degradation, we see almostan infinite advance in their character and condition,and to the eye of faith, it is toe harbinger of stillricher blessings. pushed driven,over-worked In a word, the history of the world does notfurnish an instance of a people that have emergedfrom a stale of perfect barbarism into that of comparativecivilization, more steadily and rapidly,than have the African slaves that have been transportedto this country; and their present condition,whether it relates to the comforts of thislife, or to the hopes of that which is to come, isinfinitely better, more tolerable, and more desirablethan that of three-fourths of the imputation of theglobe. But what does all this prove?—that slaveryis right? Not at all—it only proves that many atender heart has been made to bleed over miseriesthat have had no existence—they have been weepingin despair, while they should rejoice in hope.They have been ready to curse God and die, whilethey should bless Him, and live, trust in Him, andpray. It proves, that in this wretched world, thereis misery enough to satisfy the most morbid appetitewithout the aid of the imagination, and thatthe true friend of the slave is he, who regards hisfuture good, and by patient perseverance is endeavoringto prepare him for freedom, and preparehim a place to enjoy it. In further confirmation ofthis, we shall furnish a few facts in our next. Yours, &c, E.N. SAWTELL, 

 NOTICE TO READERS. The paragraph in lastweek's paper, relative to the Hollis Street Society,and their late minister, was writer for the paper ofthe week before. This will account for its incorrectannouncement of the Farewell discourses. Wemuch regret the occurrence of any such mistake. OTICE TO EADERS. We regret also various typographical rrors inthe last paper. In the article, headed PostageStamps, for wide system, read wise system. Others,more likely to be corrected by readers, aced not bementioned.  wide system wise system. The spirited article on the Barnstable CountryConvention was from the pen of our faithful friendLORING MOR, at present Financial Agent of theMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. ORING OR  A correspondent of the Worcester Spy, writingform Syracuse, N. Y., thus speaks of an old andfaithful friend to the Anti-Slavery cause:— Among the Clergyman here is our friend and formercitizen, Rev. SAMUEL J. MAY. He was settledover the Unitarian Society about two years since,and here, as in Massachusetts, he nobly acquitshimself If as a man and a Christian in all the relationsof life. The influence of his pure character islike the leaven which was hid in the meal. He notonly fulfils his mission to preach the Gospel, butlike Him whom representative he is, be goes aboutdoing good. His sympathies are with the wretchedand the outcast, and his kind words and generousdeeds give consolation to the weary and heavy-laden.He is not merely an Abolitionist; he is a true Philanthropist.For the slave, whether of vice, or ofthe law, he has sympathy and regard, and he wouldhave all men AMUEL AY. 'Be free—not only from iron chain,But from the one which passion forges'  He is fearless in denouncing oppression and wrong,and nothing finds favor in his sight on the groundof expediency. The people of his charge are devotedlyattached to him: and esteem themselves peculiarlyfortunate that they have been able to secureto their community the life-wrestle and eminentexample of a man they regard as imbued withso much true Christian spirit. May be live long tobless those among whom he has cast his lot. Wherehe is, Humanity will never weep the want of a friend. 

 Thus speaks the Southern Baptist: The fact in most glaringly palpable that a crisiin the history of southern Christians ,which renders it the imperious duly of all SouthernChristian patriots to meet promptly and energetically.All the indications are that the time isat hand when Christians at the South must assumehigher responsibilities There is not publishedbeyond the limits of the South, a book, pamphlet,review, magazine, tract, periodical, or newspaper,whether religious, political or commercial, whichis not tinged more or less, if it be possible to introducethe subject, with something bearing directlyor remotely against the Southern Social System.The poisonous influence of such insidious infusionof principles, antagonistic to our institutions, intothe popular mind, and especially if instilled intothe mind of the rising generation, will eventuallyhe felt. The principles of our institutions havebeen demonstrated most ably to be scriptural andpolitically constitutional; but there is a more powerfulinfluence exerted upon the sentimentality ofa people, which undermines gradually, almost imperceptibly,but not lens certainly, the foundationsof public opinion. We feel too secure. We arenot adequately sensible of our dangers. Dangersthere are—it must not he disguised; and it behovesSouthern Christians not only ecclesiastically andreligiously to prepare themselves for self-protection,but politically to maintain that balance ofpower which is now, more than ever, in our politicalhistory, dangerously jeopardized. We are normists, and yet a note of alarm cannot be toosoon or too loudly sounded throughout the wholeslaveholding territory. Enemies are in our midst—they belong to all nations—they are untiring andmo t subtle. Some are fanatical, some are political,some religious, some infidel, some unprincipled,but a more dangerous and most numerousclass are learned, conscientious, and most politicand ingenious, and are doing the mischief. Lotus prepare for the worst.    FIRST RAPTIST CHURCH IN CHARLESTON.—Thischurch has secured the pastoral services of ourbrother, Rev. Timothy G. Freeman, as a supplyuntil next autumn. Brother F. comes to us fromMassachusetts, the old Bay State, professing to adoptex animo, in the fullest sense, without equivocationor mental reservation, the propositions on the subjectof southern slavery so ably defended and triumphantlymaintained by Rev. R. Fuller, D.D.,in his discussion with Francis Wayland, D.D.So far, his tabors have been highly appreciated bythe ministers and members of both the Baptistchurches in this city, and he will enter immediatelyupon a systematic and energetic, and, we trust,a true and faithful performance of the duties of apro tempore, in pulpit preparations and efforts, andmore especially in strictly pastoral visitations—Charleston paper. IRST APTIST HURCH IN HARLESTON. as a supply ex animo pro tempore Charleston paper. 'No little fuss has been made 'down East,' becausetwo slaves, takes en execution of the UnitedStates, were recently sold at Washington—and yetin every one of the New England States white menand women may be and are sold or leased at auction.It is a very common thing in New England to bringpaupers into the shambles and knees, these off underthe hammer.' white The above was clipped out of some paper, namenot recollected. The hit is a good one. Despicableas was the act of the U.S. Government, thecustom of New England, above mentioned, isscarcely less so. These infernal practices speakloudly for National Reform.—Young American. Young American. 

 The following Statement will be read with deepinterest by all who know the lamented Mr. Young,of whose death we made mention in our last paper.There are some inaccuracies in the statement as tosome of the minor particulars, but in the make it incorrect.  A few months ago a slave, named—Brown,belonging to a Mr. Somerville, of Maryland, wasmurdered by his master. Some time after, themaster himself was murdered, and a brother ofthe murdered slave was taken up end tried for theoffence. Not the smallest evidence could be madeout against him, and be was acquitted. An acquittalor a colored man in such a region of the worldmust be held as a most convincing proof of hisinnocence. But the relatives of the deceased soldBrown into the desolating bondage of she South.He made his escape from New Orleans and reachedPhiladelphia, where be expected to live in safety.But the man-stealer was on his track. Brown hada wife and seven children in Maryland, whom hewas desirous of rescuing from bondage. He hadassumed the name of Russell, but a correspondencewas commenced from Philadelphia in his realname; the letter reached the slave-owners, andthey determined to he revenged still farther. The thieves of Maryland had no longer any controlover his body as property, for they had madeit over to the thieves of New Orleans; but two ofthem appeared at Philadelphia, claiming Brown asa murderer!! This is a favorite and hackneyedmode of seizing a victim. The applicants knewwell that they had no right to claim the persecutedman as a murderer, for he had been tried and acquitted,and could not be tried again. But, if theyhad him once in their possession they could easilydo privately what they could not do judicially, andat least, they could punish him severely for runningaway, and restore him to chains and bondage.Two bloodhounds appeared at the Magistrate'soffice in Philadelphia, claiming their victim. Hewas clapped into prison, but the warrant woe informal,and on that ground he was released. Seizingthe favorable moment, before the informalitycould be remedied. Brown made tracks for Canada,passing through New York. Rev. Mr. Young ofthat city kindly agreed to accompany the persecutedman to Canada. Without the loss of a moment, they proceededto Montreal, and laid the case before Lord Elgin,claiming that protection which it is the glory ofBritish law to give to the innocent. Proofs of thetrial and acquittal, which, with other particulars,had been published in pamphlet form, were laidbefore the Governor General, who gave his unqualifiedassurance that the hunted man would notbe surrendered to his persecutors. The appealwas not too soon. Next day the two blood-seekerspresented themselves before the Governor General,demanding the surrender of Brown, and, it is almostunnecessary to say, they met with a pointedrefusal. And now, this injured man, with his wifeand seven children, who had also escaped, are inCanada, safe from the hands of the man-stealer.Some Magistrate, from ignorance of the facts, maypossibly give him up on a charge of murder, althoughthis is not likely. However, to prevent it,we have to request our contemporaries, as an actof justice and humanity, to hand around this noteof warning. Let it never be said that there is asingle Magistrate in the length and readth ofBritish North America so ignorant or no indifferentas to surrender a fellow-man into the hands ofthe relentless slaveholder.—Toronto Banner, Sept.17.  Toronto Banner, Sept. 

 It is well known that we have a party or sectamong us, who renounce the sacredness of the Sabbath.This party during the last week held inHarwich a meeting which was notified through thepublic papers and called an 'Anti-Slavery Convention,'This meeting was continued throughthe Sabbath, and brought together boats of peopleof all ages sad sects, but mostly of the young andthoughtless. The day was spent in all respects asa public holiday, in riding in every direction, frommorning to night, together with other amusements.Tents were erected for selling all kinds or articleswhich are usually sold at places of merriment, notexcepting spirituous liquors. No pretence was setup of its being a religious meeting, but merely fordiscussion of Garrisonian principles. The haranguesby their leading speakers, Pillsbury,Moody, &c., were scandalous sod abusive, dressedout in low,  blackguardism. spirituous liquors. Garrisonian principles.  The Christian community are called upon to expresstheir views upon this subject—to decidewhether such violations of the sacred Sabbath,against the laws of God and man, shall pass byunnoticed, and such a pernicious example be setfor the rising generation. A FRIEND OF THE SABBATH. ANTY-SLAVERY CONVENTION IN HARWICK. Welearn that the speeches made at this Conventionwere of a most violent and abusive character. Arantipole abolitionist, by the name of Pillsbury,made himself peculiarly conspicuous by the mostoutrageous attacks on public men, the clergy, thegovernment, and in fact every body and everything wiser and better then himself. According tohis theory, what little virtue and morality there isin the country is monopolized by himself and hiscoadjutors. If these men suppose that by callinghard names and indulging in low, dirty blackguardism,they are helping the cause of abolitionism ormorality, they greatly mistake the character andintelligence of our citizens.—Yarmouth Register. NTY LAVERY ONVENTION IN ARWICK. Yarmouth Register. GEORGE THOMPSON, the ranting abolitionist, hasbeen elected to the House of Commons. Thecapital he employed to get into Parliament willcarry any man then, viz: an intense hatredtowards, and calumnious abuse of, the people ofthe United States.—Olive Branch. EORGE HOMPSON Olive Branch. 

 In an account of a large and very interesting Anti-SlaveryConvention in Salem, Ohio, the Bugleremarks:— The meeting here exceeded our expectations.'The big lent' was well filled, and the audience asquiet and attentive as so large an audience couldwell be. Our friends Garrison and Douglass,though somewhat fatigued with their incessant laborfor the past month, were in good health, andspirits, We have heard it said that this was thelargest anti-slavery gathering ever convened in thecounty, nor do we suppose that the Whigs or Democratsof Columbiana can point to any of theirassemblies which were equal to it in point of numbers.Town's people and country people, thosenear by and those from afar, gathered in crowdsto the eminence upon which the tent stood Theprevious discussions in the Friends' Yearly Meetingheld at this place, had aided in preparing theway for an interest g convention. Anti-Slaveryfeeling had been aroused, and the sympathies ofat least a portion of the people had been awakened. Right glad were we to see on the platform atthe anti-slavery meeting, Joseph A. Dugdale andLucretia Mott, who had been the most prominentagitators of the subject in the Quaker meeting. Ithas been a subject of much remark of late amonga certain class of Quakers, who claim a right tothe name of Abolitionism without possessing itsspirit or power,' We don't like you Garrisonian;Lucretia Mott is the right kind of an abolitionist.'Such will probably sing a different tune now, forshe gave the people clearly to understand that shewas identified with the Garrisonian movement, asit is called, was in fact a part of the movementherself. She took her stand on the platform besideDouglass, Garrison, Foster and other laborersin the cause, and gave evidence to the assembledthousands that she was one with them upon thegreat question of slavery, although she differedfrom some upon the Free Labor a object which sheregarded as a more important branch of the enterprisethan some others. She also bore a similartestimony in the Yearly Meeting, and much to theastonishment of the voting Quakers, as welt perhaps,as of some others, denounced the Constitutionof the United States as a pro-slavery document.On Sunday morning lost, there wore some whoforsook the anti-slavery meeting for that of theFriends, expecting that Lucretia Mott would bethere and probably preach. In this, however, theywere mistaken, for instead of going to the place ofsectarian worship, she was in' the big taut,' preachingpractical righteous. has   

 WM. LLOYD GARRISSON: M. LOYD ARRISSON DEAR FRIEND—By this post I have sent you aNon-Conformist newspaper, in which yon will seean account of one of the most remarkable triumphsfor the principles of anti- slavery, peace, &c., thathas been achieved for away years, viz., the electionof ear friend George Thompson for the Tower Hamlets.This is amongst the largest constituencies inEngland, there being upwards of 16,000 electors;and considering this, and also that the late memberswere strong supporters of government, and thereforewould have their influence and support, and besideskeeping in view that George Thompson createdmany enemies to himself by his stern advocacyof the rights of man, and by the bold and uncompromisingmanner in which he opposed the FreeChurch party for their late disgraceful conduct; andindeed the manner which be takes be expose everyparty who do not set consistently, the tremendousmajority which he obtained above his opponent inthe poll, (being upwards of 4000,) points out theelection of the Tower Hamlets to be the greatesttriumph for sound principles that has been achievedthroughout the country. It will carry with it amoral weight that will strike terror into the enemiesof our principles, and will be a powerful meansof advancing the principles of universal liberty. Noone can doubt that George Thompson will prove abright star in the next Parliament, and the sides of the oppressors. All honor to the TowerHamlets; the electors deserve the thanks of Britain,indeed of the world; they will no doubt get theuniversal thanks of the poor slaves throughout theworld, but especially those of America. EAR RIEND  There are at present two men from Virginia, U.S., lecturing throughout Scotland en 'ChristianUnion' and 'Primitive Christianity.' Their namesare Alexander Campbell and J. Henshall, whomight have done much good here, bad their 'ChristianUnion' principles bees sound; but it has beendiscovered that they held principles on the questionof slavery directly the reverse of these held by thegreat majority or the people of Scotland, and thereforeactive measures are being used to undeceive thepeople as to the principles of these men. Thefriends in Edinburgh ware the first to find out theirreal principles, and they immediately issued placardswarning the public against them. Campbell andHenshall assert that slavery is sanctioned both inthe Old and New Testament Scriptures, and thatJesus Christ and his apostles admitted the right ofman to bold property in his fellow-man. Theymoreover admit, that in, theirs churches the negro pewsystem is carried out in all its baseness. Inconsequence of those assertions and admissions, ofwhich they appeared quite confident, and were willingto take up any man upon their accuracy, ourfriend James Robertson, Secretary of the ScottishAnti-Slavery Society, challenged Campbell (he beingconsidered the most talented of the two), to apublic discussion in the following terms—viz:— S. negro pew 'The opinions you hold in America as the leaderof a sect—the opinions which yen have published isreference to slaveholding—the fact that you havebeen a slaveholder yourself, and did not relinquish itbecause of its sinfulness, but for other reasons—andthe fact that you bold religious fellowship with slaveholders,appear to me to reader it necessary thatyou shall not be permitted to quit the capital ofScotland without receiving a public challenge tovindicate, in the city of Edinburgh, and before aScottish audience, the position which you occupy inregard to American slavery. public challenge That challenge I hereby bag respectfully to present:to you, and declare that I am prepared to maintainthat your position and opinions on the questionof Americas slavery, and slaveholding, ass at onesungodly, unchristian, and inhuman.' ungodly, unchristian, and inhuman.' Campbell held a meeting m Edinburgh last Fridayevening, to explain his views on the subject ofslavery; and of this meeting the Edinburgh Postthus speaks: 'We are glad that this parson will, however, notreturn to America without at least at inkling of thereal state of public feeling on the question of negroslavery. The Rev. James Robertson of Portsburghchapel, has challenged him to a public discussionupon the subject; but with more prudence thancourage he has declined to meet an antagonist onthe arena of a public meeting, and proposes to makethe controversy a 'paper war.' Last night Mr.Campbell gave a lecture on American Slavery inthe Waterloo Rooms, which were crowded to hearhim. On this occasion he confined himself to thereading of extracts from periodicals in support of hisviews. At the close of the lecture, the Rev. Mr.Robertson stood forward, and requested leave asquestion him. This, however, be declined to allow.The meeting throughout his lecture expressed theirdisapprobation of the doctrines and opinions broughtforward, and at the close they gave three groans forthe lecturer, end three cheers for Mr. Robertson.On the point of excluding the negro from the communiontable, Mr. Campbell gave as its justification,the intolerable odor of the negro in hot weather.' Both of these persons have been  inKirkldy, and the friends have, as soon as theyknew their opinions upon the question of slaveryissued a , of which the  is :—-      

 'It is easier to preach than to practice.'—OldMaxim. OldMaxim. ILLUSTRATION..—' Beneath its benign away peaceand prosperity prevail.' Freed from the' burdensand miseries of war,' our trade and intercourse haveextended the world. Mind no longer leakedin devising means to accomplish or resistschemes of ambition,  or conquest, is devotingitself to man's true interests, is developinghis inculties and powers and the on ity of natureto minister  his enjoyments.'—James K Plk'sgural Address, March 4,1845. LLUSTRATION.. ambition,  or conquest    James K Plk'sgural Address   

 Mr. A. CAMPBELL, and his colleague Mr. JHENSHALL, from Virginia. U.S., are at presentlecturing throughout Scotland on Christian Union;and, as the people of this country ought to be verycautious in entering into Christian Union with personswhose general principles are Unknown tothem, they are hereby warned against holdingChristian fellowship with these gentlemen, untilthey have ascertained from them their views uponthe all-important question of SLAVERY! Christian Union; Mr. CAMPBELL asserts that Slavery, consideredin itself, is not sinful—is not opposed to theprinciples and spirit of Christianity—and that theSaviour and his Apostles sanctioned the practiceof man holding property in man; and he admitsthat he is in religious fellowship with Slaveholders—that the Churches with which be is connectedin America receive some of these INHUMANTYRANTS into Communion—and, further, that inthese Churches the Black and White Members d,not sit together—that, in fact, the NEGRO PEWSystem is rigidly adhered to. Here is one of the laws of Virginia, the Statefrom which these gentlemen come a— 'All meetings of Slaves at any meeting house, orat any school or schools, for learning to READ orwrite, in the day or night, shall be deemed an unlawfulmeeting.'—Virginia Code of 1819. write, in the day or night Virginia Code of What have these men done to get these Infamouslaws abolished? What haws they done toloose the bends of wickedness—to undo the heavyburdens—to let its oppressed go free? For the sake of suffering humanity—for the sakeof the THREE MILLIONS OF YOUR FELLOW-CREATURESgroaning under the cruelbondage of Amor Slavery—People of Scotland,see that you do not in any way countenance thatabominable system; beware lest yon, in any degree,sacrifice year well-known Anti-Slavery principles,by apparently assenting to the absurd opinionof these men en this matter. Pretest againsttheir pro-slavery vows—tell them that you canhave no connection with them, until they go homeand urge upon their Slaveholding brethren to ceaseto do evil, to learn to do well, to seek judgment, andto EMANCIPATE ALL THEIR SLAVES!  People of Scotland ceaseto do evil, to learn to do well, to seek judgment, andto Kirkcaldy, August 13, 1847. What an insult to the people of Scotland for mento cross the Atlantic to teach them and Christianity andyet so very ignorant of the first principles of it, viz.,'Douanto others as ye would wish others to do untoyou!' Let them go back to Virginia, and unite withthe abolitionists of the North in endeavoring to strikethe fetters from the poor downtrodden slave and thenthey will be in a position to lecture upon 'Christianunion,' bat not till then. They very much mistakethe character of the people of Scotland, if theythink that they will be gulled by. sophistry intotheir views upon slavery. The people of this countryare a free-living free-thinking people; andCampbell &c Co. may rest assured that no cant, nosophistical reasoning, no Jesuitical humbugging, willdeter then from their purpose, or alter in the slightestdegree thor well founded, views upon -stealingThey hold the opinion that every individual human beings, or holds one againsthis will, is a man-thief, and guilty most infamoussins that it is possible to commit, andtherefore on worthy of any countenance, supportor Christian fellowship. -stealing    Yours, faithfully, in the cause of the shave, L. 

 The growth of Ohio is a modern wonder. Mr.Cist, the intelligent statistician, has just publishedsome tables, which show the population thus:— Table  Table  He estimates that, at the same rate, Ohio will,in 1860, contain a population of 3,190,234. Andthis is but one of the many States of the West. 

 DEAR FRIEND: EAR RIEND: Scotland his arisen in its anti-slavery might; theRev. Alexander Campbell, of Virginia, U.S., haslanded on our shores to indoctrinate us with his peculiartheological views. Unluckily for him, butluckily for the cause of freedom, he made Edinburghthe place of his first preaching in Scotland. Hardly ha he made his presence known, whenthe following placard was posted up over the' wholecity:  The Rev. Alexander Campbell, Virginia, U.S.America, has been a slaveholder, himself, and is stillthe defender of manstealers!' slaveholder, himself defender of manstealers! The following is an extract from the 'MillennialHarbinger' for April, 185, of which Mr. Campbellacknowledges himself the author:  'Is the simple relation of master and slave necessarilyand essentially immoral and unchristian—asthat, for example, of the adulterer and adulteress?We are clearly and satisfactorily convinced it is not.It would be, in our most calm and deliberate Judgment,a sin against every dispensation of religion—Patriarchil, Jewish, and Christian—to suppose thatthe relationship of master and slave was in its verynature and being a sin against both God and man.' We are clearly and satisfactorily convinced it is not. In May of the same year, he declares further,'There is not one, verse, in the Bible inhibiting it,but many regulating it. It is not, then, we conclude,immoral' These were followed by other quotations from Mr.Campbell's works, strongly pro-slavery in their tone,Which so insert would but needlessly trespass onyour space. your space. In the evening of the day the above appeared,Campbell held one of his devotional meetings, and,during his discourse, told the audience, that the placardwas a tissue of falsehoods. Now it so happensthat, before the placard was printed. James Robertson,the Secretary of the Anti-Slavery Society,along with two friends, called on A. Campbell, andread over to him the extracts that were afterwardsprinted. The American Divine frankly admitted thesentiments to be his. devotional A. American Divine James Robertson, immediately, on being informedof Campbell's charge of false hood, issued anotherplacard, exposing the lying cunning of Dr. Campbell,along with a challenge to him, to defend hisposition with regard slavery. Alas! the vacated of Robert Owen quailed before the anti-slaverypower of Edinburgh. He did set meetRobertson, but delivered a lecture on slavery, defendingit from the Bible. The audience listenedimpatiently to his blasphemy, for upwards of twohours, and he made his exit  groans of abhorrenceand disgust.   The Anti-Slavery Society has been informed ofhis intended route through Scotland, and has sentforward the 'Beware' placard to the towns and villageswhich he is to visit, He is sure of a warm reception.He will return to America, and tell hisbrother divines that Scotland loathes the apologistfor slavery, and regards him as a moral .  The Commission of the Free Church (a churchCourt having equal authority with the General Assembly)has just risen. Net one word has been saidabout slavery, not a single allusion made to the letterfrom America; but  how eloquent, how movingwre she speeches that denounced travelling onSunday! Oh! how the Commission rejoiced, wheninformed that two Railway Companies had resolvednot to carry out the pale mechanic and the piningseamstress from the smoky city, to look for once inseven days on the  of God's heavens, and onthe flowers with which He hath begemmed the fields.Much they eared for the violation of a formal observance;nothing for the imbruting of their millionsisters and brothers. Free    nothing Cunningham has seen crested Principal of theFree Church Collage, and Candlis joint Professorof Theology! What a pair of D.D.'s!! TheTheology of the former is, that 'Anti-Slavery is ofthe Devil'! of the latter, that, 'God has placed men insuch circumstance where it would be a sin to emancipatetheir slaves'!!  'Anti-Slavery is ofthe Devil'! God has placed men insuch circumstance where it would be a sin to emancipatetheir slaves'!! Before this letter reaches you, Henry C. Wrightwill be on his homeward voyage. Calm was andprosperous gales be with him, and a happy meetingwith his beloved friends. Your for oppressed Humanity, RICHARD THURROW. 

 INDIPENDENT MAILS.— The U. S. Governmenthave taken up the subject of independent mails onbehalf of the Post Office Department, with a determinationto put a stop to them and to enforce thelaw against those who have been engaged in thetransmission of mailable letters. NDIPENDENT AILS. A Grand Jury having been summoned by the DistrictCourt of Connectiet, met at Hartford Tuesdayto enquire into the facts connected with the two independentmail lines which have recently been establishedbetween New York and Boston.  In pursuance of this object the Deputy Marshalvisited this city yesterday, and summoned a of witnesses to appear before the Grand Jury atHartford at 9 o'clock this morning. In the numberwere included the editors of all the papers, theagents for the Express Lines, and all who have receivedletters to be conveyed by Express. In additionto the above we learn that the gentleman whotook a package of letters to Hartford, Tuesday, forBoyd's Express, was arrested on his arrival.  We have no hesitation in saying, that those personswho have acted as agents for the transmissionof letters from this city, have done so in the beliefthat they were justified, in consequence of the lettersbeing sent free of charge. At least, on far aswe can learn, no one was aware of having violatedany law in the matter. We believe all of them havegives notice that their agencies are discontinued. The Palladium says— The Grand Jury have found true bills againstthree individuals for violation of the P. O. law, butwho they are has not yet been divulged. 

 We find in the Winyan Intelligencer, publishedat Georgetown, South Carolina, the following notice: 'The poor laborers on Black River, and in thatneighborhood, are in a state of starvation, many ofthem being without corn or meal, and none of themhaving meat. The occasion calls for the aid of thecharitable, and efforts will he made to obtain relieffor them.' Who are those 'poor laborers?' There is a chum of poor whites in the Carolinas,and most of the Southern States, peculiar in character,and unknown generally to the country. Theyare called Sand-hillers. They are so called becausethey cluster together in the poorest regions, andthere live by hunting, fishing, raising a little stock,making tar and charcoal, and attending to poultry.They are very ignorant. Not one out of fiftycan read or write; and what is worse, they changenot, as time winnows down the old and suppliestheir places with the young. As is the sire, so isthe son. Sand-hillers. And these Sand-hillers are as peculiar in dressand look, as they are in character. You know themwhenever you see them. They are marked in anycrowd. Dressed always in the plainest homespun,homemade, and widely cut often without shoes,but when using them wearing the coarsest kind,with slouched hats of cheapest texture, having noblood in their cheeks, their eyes black, and theirhair lank, they are as distinct a race as the Indian.In some respects they are not unlike them. Theylove to roam the woods, and be free there: to gettogether for frolic or fun; to fish and hunt; tochase wild cattle; but here the similarity ends;for they are wanting in personal daring, and inthat energy of character that makes a men. Wedo not know one of them who ever gained stationin society, or became distinguished by his deeds.And it is this class to whom the Georgetown Intelligenceralludes, we conclude, when it speaks ofthe 'Door laborers' on Black River, and neighborhood. marked How came they in their present condition? Their history is quickly told. It is a and one,and we can never think of it without sorrow. In the early settlement of the Carolinas, everybody pressed upon the water-courses. Poor aswell as rich made lodgment upon, or near theirbank. There were, at first, very few negroes; consequentlythe latter needed the labor of the formerto house their crops and clear their lands. All gotalong well, then. But the slave-traffic, with its accursedills, began soon after, and, by and by, plantershad their places stocked with slaves. As theseslaves increased, the poor began to feel their degradation.A bitter hatred grew up between theseclasses. It led often to open violence. The largerplanters, in consequence, began to buy up thepoor men's hand, and the poor men, in turn, becameanxious to sell. And they did so. Butwhere were they to go? South of Carolina wasa wilderness; the good lands on the water-coursesin the State, were in possession of rich planters.They had no alternative left, is they thought, butto herd together on the Sand-hills, where they andtheirs still live. Their choice of piece is significant enough oftheir feeling, and of the cause of their removal.They made their location in neighborhoods whereneither large nor small planters could molest them.They get where they could five without being disturbed,or worried by the continued sight of slaves.Now and then yon will find n few of the moredebased sort gathered dose by towns; but generallythey are some ten, or fifteen, or twenty mileshack. What the hind would yield which they calltheir own—for often they 'squat,' as the phrase is,on the State's or other's property—it is difficult tosay. But the best of it on an average would not returnten bushels of corn to the acre; the most ofit not five. They grew sweet potatoes melons, alittle cotton for home use, and now and then a bag,or half a bag for market. But things we wherethey are, and as they are, because slavery, withits biting social evils, heat them away from thericher soil, end keeps them hopelessly down anddebased on the barren hills. cause What are their peculiarities of mind? The fact that they left the neighborhood of large,plantations, and sought a sort of wild-wood libertyshows that they have some notions of personal freedom.They have. But they are very crude, itwas their condition which induced us to think firston the subject of slavery, and we endeavored inconjunction with the lamented Grimke, to hitupon some plan by which we could improve this.We sought them out in their hovel-homes. Weendeavored to win their regard, and secure theirconfidence. We succeeded in this, but we failedwholly, In every effort to induce them to changetheir mode of life. The ruling ides uppermost intheir minds seemed to be, hatred of labor, under theconviction that it degraded them, because it putthem on an equality with the slaves. An dotewill illustrate this feeling. hatred of labor  One of their number had a fine, intelligent boy.He was one that would have attracted notice inany boyhood garnering. We proposed so the fatherthat he should be educated. 'Let him go withus to town,' said we, 'and we will send him toschool and see what can be done with him' 'Andwhat then?' asked he, eyeing us, as if suspiciousthat something wrong was to follow. 'Why,' wecontinued, 'when he has been educated, we cansend him to the carriage maker, Mr. C., and lethim learn a trade. 'Never.!; he quickly, almostfiercely, rejoined, with a harsh oath. 'My sonshall never work by the side of year negroes, andMr. —'s negroes, (calling certain planters'names whose slaves were being taught the trade)and be ordered about by Mr. C. as he ordered themshout.' He was fixed. No argument, entreaty,appeal to  could move him. The idea uppermostin his mind was the idea of his class—thatlabor was degrading; and he would rather his sonshould be free in the forest, If ignorant, than debasedin the city, though educated, by a .   What hope is there for them? We are none. Nothing, certainly, but the removalof slavery  induce them to change theirpresent condition. They will not labor in the fieldwhile they think it degrading; nor become artisansor mechanics white slaves are such. As foreducating them, scattered as they are, the effortseems almost hopeless! Up and down the riverwhere these 'poor laborers,' that the South Carolinapaper talks of, live, and all around Georgetown,there are large rice and cotton estates. Manyof the owners of them ore very wealthy; a majorityrich. Yet there is no sort of connection, or sympathybetween these planters and the Sand-hillers!They are as far apart as two races ll can be.We speak now of social separation; for we aresure the moment they beard the 'poor laborers'were starving, these planters did what was necessary,and more, to relieve their wants. But, wefear coming time will find them as they are now—alone, Ignorant, degraded; tho victims of a blightingcurse'   The condition of these Sand-hillers illustratesthe effect of slavery in its extreme, or when pushedto its farthest limit Take one town, near the contreof South Carolina, and make a line for tenmiles south of it along the river on one side, lookingthree miles back, and we question whetheryou will find over ten planters! They have suchfrom one hundred to two, three, four or five hundredslaves! Many of these slaves too, are mechanics!Necessarily, therefore, the towns wane, the poorerclasses emigrate, as well as the young and enterprising;and the ignorant, or Sand-hill class, escapeto the barrens for freedom! according to theirnotion of it. So much for the a poor laborers' of Black Riverand its neighborhood! for the unfortunate Sand-hillersof the Carolinas! 

 Women's Rights.—On the last Sixth-day eveningwe had the pleasure of listening to a very able discoursefrom Lucretia Matt, of Philadelphia, on thesubject of Women's Rights Lucretia is a memberof the Hicksits division of Friends, and attendedtheir Yearly Meeting, which was hold in this placelast week. She is a remarkable woman, possessinggreat mental powers and withal a great deal of moralhonesty and independence, in coming out as shedoes, against so many of the popular evils of theday, and overstepping the prescribed limits in whichmembers of her society usually move.—Salem (O.)Register, 8th. Women's Rights. Salem (O.)Register, 8th. A Lost Book of Liy Found.— A  valuablediscovery has just been made at Berlin. The Rev.Dr. Heine has lately returned from Spain, where hespent a considerable time in exploring its librariesfor the purpose of Ecclesiastical history Amongthe treasures be acquired were several rolls of parchment,purchased from a bookseller, and generouslypresented to the Royal Library. One of these rollswas found to be a Palimpsest, which, after beingcarefully cleaned and examined by the principal librarianMr. Perts, proved to be a fragment of thelost books of Livy, probably of book 8. The Academyof sciences, which, at the request of Mr. Perts,made a minute investigation into the subject, haveresolved to publish an engraved  simile of thismost interesting addition to Roman History. Tanwriting bears evidence of the highest antiquity,probably of the first century, and consequently cotemporarywith the age in which Livy flourished. A Lost Book of Liy Found.     Fotal and Unfortunate Occurrence.— At a movingfrolic in the neighborhood of the Quaker Settlement,a quarrel occurred between two men, JacobHays and Green Cooper. The latter having attackedHays with a knife, it was knocked out ofhis hand by Mr. John Person, who was standingnear, which incensed Hays to such a degree, thathe immediately seized the scythe and attacked Mr.Pierson, exclaiming,' I will cut your head off!' andliterally cut and hacked him to pieces, woundinghim in the soak, severing one of his arms, and cuttinghim in the abdomen so that his entrails protruded,from the effects of which Pierson died on Sundaylast. Hays is a desperate man, and is, we learn,in prison.—Sussex (N.J.) Herald. Fotal and Unfortunate Occurrence. Sussex (N.J.) Herald. Careless and death.— A young man, by thename of Michael Burns, employed in one of thelath maclines at Milltown, was killed on Tuesdaylast, in the following manner:—Ha went downamongst the machinery for the purpose of clearingout the chips and rubbish that had accumulatedabout the buckets and retarded that machinery, andleft a person above to see that no person hoisted theflood  white he was down below. This personwent off to get a drink of water, and while ha wasgone, two persons, who were sawing laths with asaw putin motion by the same power, not knowingthat Burns was down below, came into the mill,hoisted the gate and wont to work, and sawed a numberof ts before the person who had been left towatch returned. When he arrived he asked forBurns, and was told he had not been area. Themachinery was stopped instantly, and he was foundbruised in a meet shocking manner. He was takeneat and lived about twenty-four hours.— Calais Advertiser. Careless and death.    Calais Advertiser. Railroad Collision.— The up and down train camein countt night before last, about nine miles rest ofSyracuse. The collision was revere, but no onewas estously injured. Two of the firemen werethrown form car, and one had his breast bonesome what bruised; but medical attendance was athand, and the persons injured were able to walkabout it a few hours. The engines were injured,and swral of the cars more or less broken. Thepassengers were detained over one train.— Alb. Evs.Journal. Railroad Collision.    Alb. Evs.Journal. Serious Difficulty — An altercation occurred betweenMessrs. Sherrod Sanders, William A. Sanders,Jr, and James Clifton, of the country, on Fridaylast, says the Marion (Ala) News, of Fridaythe 10th instant, which resulted in Mr. Clifton'sbeing severely wounded in the side by Mr. Sanders,Jr. The ball struck a rib, and did not penetratewithin the cavity of the chest. We understand thatthe wounded man is at present convalescent. Weforbear comments, as the case is to be investigatedat an early day.—N O. Delta, Sept. 16. Serious Difficulty N O. Delta, Sept. 16. A Mormon Patriarch Fallen.— The editor of theMormon paper, printed at Vores, says: It becomesour paitul duty to give public notice that WilliamSmith, the patriarch, has been some time since suspended,pending a trail on a charge of gross immorality. A Mormon Patriarch Fallen.  ☞ The following notice has been received fromthe New Haven Bank, in relation to ten dollar billsof that Bank now in circulation: 'The public are hereby notified that a parcel of tendollar notes, of the plate of the New Haven Bank,have been taken from the printer's office and putinto circulation with forged signatures The numberingand dates, and the names of the persons towhom they are payable, are very easily detested,while the signatures of H. Denison, President, andA. Townsend, Jan., Cashier, are very good imitations.So far as they have been ones, they are payableto T. Bishop, Z. Bradley, I. H. Townsend, andS. A. Foote, and are dated 1st Feb. and 1st Dec1845, and 1st Jan., 1st Nov., and 1st Dec. 1846.the Bank has issued no ten dollar notes dated1845, and those issued in 1847 are all signed H. Sanford,President.' Shocking Accident.—Mrs. Stead, an English lady,form Yorkshire, in company with her son-in-law,two daughters, two grand-children and a servant,came in upon the Eastern emigrant train which arriveda few minutes before two o'clock. The son-inlaw left the females in the car, and went to thedepot to make some inquiries about going West.While he was absent, the person who sweeps thecars went into the one occupied by Mrs. Stead andher daughters, and told them to hurry and get uponthe other cars. The daughters stepped out, andwhile Mrs. S. was stepping from the platform, theengineer started the cars backward, the sudden motionof which threw her across the track betweenthe cars, and before she could rise, two wheels passedover her, crashing her body and left area is amost shocking manner, and causing her death almostinstantly. Shocking Accident. The remains of Mrs. Stead were removed to Barnard'sHotel, to be enclosed in a leaden , herdaughters wishing to bury her where they expect tosettle at the West. We understand her age in 48years. No blame is attributed to the engineer. —Rh. Dom.   NEWSPAPERS.— These are at the present timeor were in April last, in existence and being publishedthroughout England, Ireland, Scotland,Wales and the British Isles, for hundred and fifty-fivejournals, including dailies, tri-weeklies, semi-weeklies,weeklies, semi-monthlies and monthlies.The great majority of these are, of course, publishedin England. Of this number there were establishedin 1600, one; in 1660, one; in 1655, one; in1680, one; in 1695, one; in 1700, one; in 1709,one; from 1710 to 1720, five; from 1720 to 1730,four; to 1740, six; to 1750 ten; to 1700, six; to1800, sixteen; to 1810, thirty-three; to 1820, twenty-eight;to 1830, seventy; to 1840, one hundredand forty-four; and from 1840 to April, 1847, onehundred and eighty; showing them to increase innumber in proportion as their value is appreciated. EWSPAPERS. for hundred and fifty-fivejournals There are, we believe, something sour two thousanddifferent newspapers published in the UnitedStates, or over three times the number that are issuedin all Great Britain; and it is believed morethan all that are published In all other parts of theworld together. 

 We learn from Cape. Clark, of the brig Romp,arrived at this port on Thursday, from Cayenne,Aug. 5, that great excitement prevailed there whenhe left, in reference to the abolition of slavery.—The facts appear to be as follows, according to documentsfurnished to us by Capt Clark. It is known that, since the Revolution of 1830,the French Colonies have a Representative Assembly,called the Colonial Council, which is electedfor five yearn. This Council votes the local expenses,and expresses opinions upon all questionswhich concern; the Colony end noon these matterswhich can only be determined by the borne government. For some years the great question of the abolitionof slavery has strongly agitated the proprietorsof Guiana, which is a small, weak Colony, althoughpossessing a vast and fertile territory andall the resources which must, one day, make it aflourishing country. The most intelligent of the planters are persuadedthat if is necessary to effect a transformation ofthe' social condition of their laborers by relyingupon the government, no that the end which themother power desires (the freedom of the slaves)many be attained with the least possible agitationand difficulty. Some others of she planters, fewer in number,but whose violence of action compensates for theirweakness, are striving to oppose all idea of anagreement between the pest and the future, andto maintain as long as possible slavery on its ruins. The Colonial Council of Guinea, composed ofsixteen members, reckons a minority of four sup and in all the discussionsfor the Colony, these last voice of the country was far them and not for themajority of the country.    By means of memorials and protests, sent to theFrench Ministry, they have contrived to hinderthe putting into execution of a law which appropriated50,000 francs for elementary instruction inGuiana, necessary to commences, with the concurrenceof the planters, the measures of a reformimpossible to prevent hereafter. In the meantime, the French Chambers and theGovernment have passed new laws, which greatlymodify the ancient servitude—the duties of themaster are heavily augmented, and the obligationsof the slaves considerably reduced. These of theplanters who were yet honestly laboring under anillusion have been enlightened, and the generalelections to renew the Counsel, which took placeon the 28th of July, 1847, have given a brilliantmanifestation of the sentiment of the country. All the opposition members have failed beforethe electors, and their strongest partisans, who aspiredto the Assembly, have met with the samefate. The advocates of wise and reasonable progress,who composed the old majority, have all been reelected,and only one opinion is now found in theColonial representation, it must be hoped thatsome good will result therefrom, both for the prosperityof the Colony and for the realization of theemancipation of the slaves without violent mstres.   The next advices will be looked for with solicitude. 

 During Christmas and New York's West, 1847--8. During Christmas and New York's West The undersigned, the Committee of the FourteenthNational A. S. Bazaar, appeal to all that is goodand true is this nation for which they labor, to aidtheir undertaking. Our object is the abolition of slavery through therenovation of public opinion; and we ask help ofall who feel the impulse of compassion for a sufferingpeople; or the instinct of self-preservation inview of the encroachments of tyranny, and thedangers of sin; or the divine and awful sense ofjustice, moving them to uphold the right; or thehigh sense of honor and religious obligation, impellingthem to choose their lot in this life with theslaves, and not with their oppressors; or shame beneaththe scorn of Christendom justly due to a nationof slaveholders; or disgust at the discrepancybetween American principle and American practice;or responsibility for keeping pure the sources of publicmorals; or desire to lay deep in the national conscience,the foundations of future generations. After a deep and careful examination of waysand means for the peaceable abolition of slavery, ithas been found hopeless, except through the consentof the majority of the whole people. This obtained,the work is done; for the willing can readilyfind a way. Sound judgment in the choice ofmeans, and the best economy is their expenditure,alike forbid us, therefore, to enter into the partisanor sectarian schemes, by which the purposes of anyone of the various political and theological persuasionswill be subserved at the expense of the causeof Freedom, while all others are alienated from it inthe same proportion. When the preliminary questionis put, which every one ought to ask,—' How do youmean to expend the money, which you requireour help to raise?'—our answer is,' it shall be spentwholly and directly in awakening, informingand influencing the public mind on this primarilyimportant question. It shall not be put into the handsof any of the political organizations, to promotethe election of any candidate, but he made to awakenthe love of freedom and the hatred of slavery inall; not in aiding a few fugitives to escape, but tosave them that painful and hazardous experiment byabolishing the system which enslaves them; not insending them to Africa, but in enabling them to becomethe free and happy elements of national strengthand prosperity at home; not in making the propositionso degrading to the morals of our nation, thatthe government should become the tributary of thiswrong, but in efforts for such an elevation of nationalcharacter as shall brand it—CRIME.' This money will, in short, be spent neither in compensation,colonization, nor political partisanship;while a clear-sighted economy will also forbid itsbeing used in the equally benevolent, though lesseffectual, channel of a vigilance committee. It willbe spent in Propagandism:—for we strike openly,boldly, strongly, and successfully too, as our fourteenyears of labor prove, at the root of the system wemean to abolish. and successfully too root Finally, we appeal to our friends and countrymento take part in this holy cause, as to frail and sufferingand short-lived fellow-creatures. It shallstrengthen them in weakness, comfort in affliction,and steel against calamity. It shall save them fromthe sin of living on the side of the oppressor, andthe ignominy bf dying in the silent support of wrongIt shall secure their children from such as inheritanceof grief and shame, as the remembrance thattheir parents were drawn by disgraceful sympathyinto was ranks of the enslavers, when the moral battlewas fought out in the United States for the freedomof a race. Its consolations are proportionate toits renunciations; and in its prosecution, as in thegreat cause of Christianity, of which its principlesform a fundamental part, we are able to assure suchas embrace it, that no man shall lose friends, orhouses, or lands for its sake, but he shall receive anhundred fold of nobler recompense in this world,and a sense of spiritual life besides, to which the indifferentfrivolities of a selfish existence sinks intoinsignificance. By the united efforts of all who ought to co-operateon this occasion, it is proposed to place at the ultimate disposal of the American Anti-SlaverySociety. MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN, ANN T. GREENE PHILLIPS, HELEN E. GARRISON, MARY MAY, ELIZA LEE FOLLEN, HENRIETTA SARGENT, SARAH SHAW RUSSELL, SARAH BLAKE SHAW, MART GRAY CHAPMAN, LOUISA LORING, CAROLINE WESTON, HANNAH TUFTS, MARY YOUNG, ELIZA F. MERIAM, MARY WILLEY, CAROLINE F. WILLIAMS, SUSAN C. CABOT, ANNE WARREN WESTON, EVELINA S. A. SMITH, ABBY SOUTHWICK, MARIA LOWELL, SARAH H. SOUTHWICK, FRANCES MARY ROBBINS, ANN R. BRAMHALL, LYDIA PARKER, HARRIET T. WHITE, HARRIET B. HALL, ABBY FRANCIS, HARRIET M. JACKSON, ANNA R. PHILBRICK. 

 There is a heresy—a moat dangerous and death-dealingheresy—prevalent among both white andcolored people in this land, in regard to the abolitionof slavery. It may be best expressed in thelanguage of its own choice, to wit: 'Slavery willbe abolished just when the Lord shall will its abolition.That white persons, especially pro-slaveryministers, and hypocritical Doctors of Divinity,should use this miserable cant, does not excite mysurprise as much as my indignation; but that coloredpersons should be gulled and lulled into astate of indifference about their rights on such aplea, fills me with unmingled mortification. It isa delusion and a snare, to think that Almighty Godwill undertake for us any farther than we undertakefor ourselves. His work is done; ours aloneremains to be done. God's work is as complete in the moral and intellectualelements of creation as it is in the physicalworks of creation, and we hove as much rightto expect that he will make the corn to grow andgive us an abundant harvest, without effort on ourpart, as to expect that we shall be a free and happypeople, without effort on our part. If there be onething in our people which I abominate more thananother, it is their everlasting preying for blessingswhich they are unwilling to labor for. I remember,when a slave, I used to pray that the Lordwould give me freedom. I preyed thus three years,and was as far from getting: my freedom in thatway the third year as the first; and I might haveprayed in slavery until this time, had I net 'prayedwith my heels.' Our works must be consistent wishour prayers, otherwise they are as abominationsbefore God. We shall redeem the slave at theSouth, and obtain equal rights at the North, just sosoon as we have used faithfully used those means whichGod and Nature have placed within our reach, andnot before. The days of miracles have passed.Truth, Love and Justice are the instruments ofsalvation, and 'he only is free whom the Trashmakes free.' The Almighty will not make theignorant intelligent, the degraded respectable, thedrunken sober, nor the indolent industrious. Inthese respects man is to work out his own salvation,and God will bless him is the effort. prayedwith my heels. 'Let at then be up and doing,With a heart for any fate,Still achieving, still pursuing,Learn to labor and to unit.'    Yours, F  

 It is proposed to bold a Fair to aid the  ofemaciation at the time and place of the next anniversaryof the Western Anti-Slavery Society; andthe object of this circular is to invite all to  inpreparing for that occasion, who are the  of oppression— who desire that our country shall be redeemedfrom the rule of tyrants — who wish to breakthe yoke of the captive, and to repel the aggressionswhich Slavery is making upon our own rights.Whether the contributions shall be worthy of thecause — worthy the high professions of those whostand forth as the friends of liberty, may greatly dependreader upon your efforts. Are you willingto contribute of your abundance or your peaty? areyou willing to stimulate others to do good works, and with them to bring your neighborhood offering,and lay it upon the altar of humanity If you haveneither silver not gold, are you willing to a portion of what you de possess to this cause? Letthe farmer and his wife bring grain and wool, broomsand buckets cloth, and other manufactured articles— 1st the dairy maid come with her  and betterand the miller with his flour — let the batter andti, the meddler and shoe maker, present such things as their several handicrafts can fornish—let the merchant contributes liberally of hisstock, and those who are skilful with the needlebring such ful and  as their  may devise.      de possess        The proceeds of this Fir will be appropriated tothe support of the Anti-Slavery movement in theWest, either by placing them at the disposal of theWestern Anti-Slavery Society, or applying them bydirection of the dowers, to some branch of this reform,in her  with the views of that Society.   Austinburgh,   Lydia Irish, New Lisbon, Lydia Irish, and  others. and  others.  

 A very numerous and respectable meeting of thecitizens of Edinburgh was held on Monday evening,in Brighton Street Church, called by the 'Anti-SlaverySociety, for the purpose of reviewing aspeech delivered by Alexander Campbell, of Virginia,at a public meeting in the Waterloo Rooms,Edinburgh, on the evening of Friday last, and alsoto pass several resolutions in connection with thatgentleman. Councillor Stott was called to the chair, and,having made a few introductory remarks, introducedthe Rev. James Robertson, the Secretary of theAnti-Slavery Society. Mr. Robertson said—The object which I havein view in appearing before you is to state the truepositions and opinions of the Rev. Alexander Campbellof America, in so far as these opinions and thatposition refer to the question of slaveholding. Thegentleman whose position and opinions are to bereviewed is by many years my senior. This I shalltry not to forget, either in the manner or the matterof my statements. Be it known, then, that Mr. Campbellis the founder and the acknowledgedleader of a class of professing Christians. Theadherents of this party, called, I believe, Campbellitesor disciples are most numerous in the Southernand Western States of the Republic. Thereare a few of them in Great Britain and in Ireland,and some of them I believe in Edinburgh. Mr.Campbell, speaking in the Lame of his brethren,declares that they take the Bible, the whole Bible,and nothing but the Bible, as their guide in faithand practice. This party, I believe, are termed essentialBaptists, that is, they hold that a personmust be immersed in water in order to obtain thepardon and forgiveness of their God. (Disapprobation.)Mr. Campbell declares that none can enjoythe peace of God, or the hope of forgiveness,but those who are born of water, or immersed forthe remission of their sins. I quote from theBiblical Repository of 1840, and I believe this isone of the peculiarities of the sect of which Mr.Campbell is the lender. He is come over to Britainfor the purpose of promoting his views upontheological, ecclesiastical, and ritual matters; hehad a right, and is at perfect liberty to do so. Iam asked what right I have to interfere with himin the propagation of his views? My answer is,that he was once a slaveholder, and is at presentthe ally and friend of menstealers. I deem it rightthat the people of Britain should be fully awareof this gentleman in regard to the important questionof American slavery. I took such steps aswould compel Mr. Campbell to divulge his viewsin reference to slavery and slaveholding; and ashe complains bitterly of the treatment which hehas received in Edinburgh, I shall state all I havedone, and shall leave my fellow-citizens to pronouncean opinion on my conduct in this affair.Mr. Robertson then detailed, at great length, theresults of several interviews which he, as the secretaryof the Anti-Slavery Society, had had withMr. Campbell. He had ultimately challengedMr. Campbell to discuss the subject of slavery beforean Edinburgh audience: Mr. Campbell declinedaccepting this challenge, assigning as a reasonhis previous engagements, and stating, at the sametime, that lie was not afraid to avow his opinionsbefore any community, as they were contained inthe word of God. He further stated that, were heto take up the same ground as the Anti-Slavery Society,and declare that slavery was condemned inthe Bible, and that slaveholders ought not to be admittedto the communion of the church, the wholesouth would be up against him, for they were allof the opinion that the Bible sanctioned the relationof slaveholder and slave. Mr. Robertsonthen stated that he asked Mr. Campbell how itcame to pass that they were so very anxious to preventthe slaves from getting bold of the Bible, for,if they were taught to read and understand the Bible,they would certainly submit humbly and peaceablyto slavery, if the Bible sanctioned the relation.Mr. C. answered for himself that he was infavor of abolition on certain terms and incertain conditions. Mr. R. then read the followingextract from an article on slavery,written by the President of the college to whichMr. Campbell belongs, and published in a workEntitled. The Church at it Is, published in Bostonin 1847:—' Thus did Jehovah stereotype his approbationof domestic slavery by incorporating it withthe Jewish religion, the only religion on earththat had the Divine sanction.' Mr. R. then readseveral extracts from the writings of Mr. Campbell,in which he endeavored to point out the necessaryrelation between the slaveholder and the slave; hethen referred to the challenge which he had givento Mr. Campbell, and to the sneaking, shufflingmanner in which he had met it. Mr. R. stated thathe was well, discuss the subject publicly, and notby writing, as he wished to conduct it, but he hadrecourse to a despicable shuffle to alter the wordsof the letter which was sent him. Mr. R. thenread some extracts from a letter received from afriend of Mr. Campbell's, Baptist, concerningMr. Campbell's views on the negro pew system.This letter stated Mr. C. was in favor of the negropew. He stated on the morning of Tuesday last,that he would not on any account sit at meat witha colored man. Mr. R. said, I want this fact to beknown throughout Scotland, England, and Ireland.I have no doubt that certain gentlemen inDublin will not forget it, and I feel quite sure thatmy friend Isaac. Nelson, in Belfast, will take careof him in the north; Ireland will do her duty. Iask this meeting to say whether Mr. Campbell hasbeen misrepresented, or whether anything has beensaid in the quotations given in our previous placard—his own writings being the judge. I wish slaveholdingholding ministers and slaveholding apologists toknow, that if they shall come to this country to enlightenthe public upon any subject, that they shallbe challenged and brought to the bar of publicopinion in regard to slavery, before they are permittedto instruct us upon) anything else. (Greatapplause.) Biblical Repository The Church at it Is Dr. Barby then proposed lbs first resolution.(see advertisement for resolutions.) see advertisement for resolutions. Mr. Hunter then proposed the resolution, regrettingthat Mr. Campbell refused to accept the challenge,as the cause of truth and humanity wouldthereby have been forwarded. Mr. Russell, a young gentleman, said to be a student,came forward, and with much sang froid defendedthe system of slave holding. He read variouspassages from the Bible substantiate his conclusion.Mr. Robertson supplied him with the followingone, which he seemed not to have fallen inwith:— 'He that stealeth a man and selleth him, ifhe he found in his hands, he shall surely be put todeath.' Mr. Russell continued his expositionamidst great disapprobation, arising chiefly from thefact of his reading from a version of the Bibletranslated by Dr. Campbell of Aberdeen, and differingvery much in its phraseology from the authorisedversion. froid Another young man, named Hamilton, rose forthe purpose of expressing his dissent from the resolution.It turned out, however, that he was neitherin favor of one party nor another, and beingcharged by some of the audience with beingan infidel, he wrought himself up into a monstrousfury, and was with difficulty brought to a calm positionby the timely intervention of the chairman. Mr. J.R. Reid proposed the third resolution. Mr. James Gulland seconded the motion, whichwas carried unanimously. The Chairman having made a few remarks, congratulatedthe meeting upon the manner in whichthey had conducted themselves. A vote of thanks having been passed, withgreat acclamation, to the chairman, the proceedingsterminated at 10 minutes to 12 o'clock. 

 The annual meeting of the B.F.A.S. Societywill he held at No. 21 Cornhill, on Wednesday, Oct.13th, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Several interactingcommunications from abroad will be read andother business trcted, which will probably readerthe meeting one of the un$ interest.  All members of the Society, and all other ladiesinterested in the cause, are requested to be punctualin their attendance. SARAH H. SOUTH WICK, Res.  Res.   Boston, Sept. 20th, 1847. Will the Standard please to copy? 

 Among the new members of the House of Commons,chosen at the late election, we notice thename of George Thompson, the Abolitionist andRadical, who is returned by y Tower Hamletsconstituency, London, by a larger majority thanover was before given to any man in England. Thompson is remembered by many persons, asan English writer against slavery, who lectured inseveral places in New England, but found publicopinion against him and went home. The N. Y.Express says, 'his greatest political capital in hisintense hatred and calumnious abuse of the UnitedStates, and its people.' It is but fair to addthat Thompson was actively engaged in opposinga war with us about Oregon, and labored sufficientlyin procuring the passage of the East IndiaEmancipation act-Portsmouth Journal. Portsmouth Journal. ☞ The versatile John A. Collins is editor of theQueen city, a paper is Cincinnati. — sandwich Oe. sandwich Oe.  

 A Quarterly Meeting of the Essex County Anti-SlaverySociety will be held in Newburyport, atWashington Hall, on Saturday and Sunday, Oct. 9thAnd 16th, commencing on Saturday at 10 o'clock,A. M. It is expected that parker Pillsbury, Loving Moody,William W. Brown and James N. affem willBe present. Brown and James N. affem  The friends of the Cause are carmostly invited toattend. C. L. REMOND, Pres. Pres. EUNEX. H. KENNEY, Soc. UNEX.  ENNEY Soc. 

 GENTLEMEN:—I have been honored by the receiptof your kind invitation to units with theDemocracy of Old Berks in their Harvest HomeCelebration, to be held at Reading, on Saturday,the 28th instant.—I should esteem it both a pleasureand a privilege to be present on that interestingoccasion; it is, therefore, with regret that Ihave to inform you, that my public duties duringthe present week will render this impossible. ENTLEMEN I rejoice to observe that the glorious Democracyof 'Oh! Berks' are buckling en their armor, andpreparing for the approaching contest. It is longsince any State election has involved such importantconsequences far the Democracy of the Union,as the approaching election for Governor of Pennsylvania.On its result may robably depend theascendancy of the Democracy of the Union foryears to come. Hence, our Democratic brethrenof other Stales are witnessing the contest with intenseanxiety. The field is a fair one; our candidatewell tried, able, and honest; and he has beenregularly nominated by the party. Should he bedefeated, the attempt will be vain to explain thedecision of the ballot-boxes in any other mannerthan by admitting that the Whigs have the majority.Our candidate for Canal Commissioner is,also, above all reproach, both personally and politically,and is eminently qualified for the duties ofthat important office. If, under such circumstances,the Democratic Keystone should give way,there is great danger that the are  may tumble intopieces. In this contest, emphatically, he that isnot for us is against us. I do not apprehend defeat,unless our wily foe should first ull us intosecurity by making no extraordinary public efforts;and then, at the eleventh hour, quietly steal a marchupon us, as they have done in some other States.—Our vigilance ought to be constantly on the alert,until the moment of victory.   The question of Slavery in one of its ancient aspects,has been recently revived, and threatens toconvulse the country. The Democratic party ofthe Union ought to prepare themselves in time forthe approaching storm. Their best security in thehour of danger, is to cling fast to their time-honoredprinciples. A sacred regard for the FederalConstitution, and for the reserved rights of theSates, is the immovable basis on which the partycan alone safely rest. This has saved us from theinroads of abolition. Northern Democrats are notexpected to approve slavery in the abstract; butthey owe it to themselves, as they value the Union,and all the political blessings which bountifullyflow from it, to abide by the compromises of theConstitution, and leave the question, where thatinstrument has left it, to the State wherein slaveryexists. Our fathers have made this agreementwith their brethren of the South; and it la not forthe descendants of either party, in the presentgeneration, to cancel this solemn compact. TheAbolitionists, by their efforts to annul it, have arrestedthe natural progress of emancipation, anddone great injury to the slaves themselves. After Louisiana was acquired from France byMr. Jefferson, and when the State of Missouri,which constituted a part of it, was about to he admittedinto the Union, the Missouri question arose,and in its progress, threatened the dissolution ofthe Union.—This was settled by the men of thelast generation, as other important and dangerousquestions have been settled, in a spirit of mutualconcession. Under the Missouri compromise, slaverywas 'forever prohibited' north of 36 deg. 30min.; and south of this parallel the question wasleft to be decided by the people. Congress, in theadmission of Texas, following in the footsteps oftheir predecessors, adopted the same rule; and, inmy opinion, the harmony of the States, and everthe security of the Union itself, require that theline of the Missouri compromise should be extendedto any new territory which we may acquire fromMexico. I should entertain the same opinion, even if itwere certain that this would become a seriouspractical question; but that it never can be thusconsidered, must he evident to all who have attentivelyexamined the subject. Neither the soil, the climate, nor the productionsof that portion of California south of 36 deg. 30min. nor indeed of any portion of it, North orSouth, is adapted to slave labor; and, beside, everyfacility would he there afforded to the slave to escapefrom his master. Such property would beutterly insecure in any part of California. It ismorally impossible, therefore, that a majority ofthe emigrants to that portion of the territory southof 36 deg. 30 min. which will be chiefly composedof our fellow citizens from Eastern Middlewithin its limits. In regard to New-Mexico, eastof the Rio Grande, the question has been alreadysettled by the admission of Texas into the Union. Should we acquire territory beyond the RioGrande, and east of the Rocky Mountains, it is stillmore improbable that a majority of the people ofthat region would consent to re-establish slavery.They are themselves, in a large proportion, a coloredpopulation; and among them the negro doesnot socially belong to a degraded race. The question is, therefore, not one of practicalimportance. Its agitation, however honestly intended,can produce no effect but in alienate thepeople of different portions of the Union from eachother; to excite sectional divisions and jealousies;and to distract and possibly destroy the Democraticparty, on the ascendancy of whose principles andmeasures depends, as I firmly believe, the successof our grand experiment of self-government. Such have been my individual opinions, openlyand freely expressed, ever since the commencementof the present unfortunate agitation; and ofall places in the world, I prefer to put them onrecord before the incorruptible Democracy of OldBerks.— I therefore, beg leave to offer you the followinglowing sentiment:— The Missouri Compromise.—Its adoption in 1890saved the Union from threatened convulsion. Itsextension in 1848 to any new territory which wemay acquire, will secure the like happy result. The Missouri Compromise. Yours, very respectfully. JAMES BUCHANAN. Charles Kessler, Esq. President, and Geo.F. Spayd, and Jacob Livengood, Esqs. Secretaries,&c. &c. 

 A Quarterly Meeting of this Society will be heldin South Bridgewater, on Saturday and Sunday,October 2nd and 3d, 1847. The meeting will be holdin the spacious Town House, only a few minutes'Walk from the Depot, and continue through eachday and evening. Meeting will commence at 9 1-2o'clock, A. M. We do most urgently and earnestly request thefriends of the Society so to arrange matters, as to bepresent at this meeting. We give the notice thusearly, that all arrangements, necessary to be madein order to attend, may have ample time to be consummated.Bridge water is a new field, and consequentlyWe used a strong and full meeting. Bestiryourselves, then, abolitionists of the Old Colony!And let not the 2d and 3d of October next find youindifferent and inactive in the noble cause of humanity,but awake, and fighting with all your mightagainst the pro-slavery spirit of the nation, andmore especially that of Old Bridgewater! spirit of the nation Old Bridgewater! Samuel May, Jr., Wm. W. Brown, L. Moody,P. Pillsbury, J. N. Buffum, and other able speakers,will be present. 'The Bridgewater Letter,' in reply to a letter receivedfrom Bridgewater in England, on the subjectsof Slavery and War, will be REVIRWED atthis meeting. 'The Bridgewater Letter HENRY H. BRIGHAM, Secretary. Secretary. South Abington, Sept. 3, 1847. 

 There was a time when the adoption of the anti-slaveryname proved a man worthy of it. Whenits definition, as given by our early standard writers,'a believer in the inherent sinfulness of slavery,and the duty of immediate emancipation,'was sufficiently full and explicit. The avowal ofsuch a belief meant something in those days; thename was a test whereby men's souls were tried.There was a time, also, when the name of Christianwas a test of character, and the life of himwho bore it was its true- definition. When the assumptionof this name made one the subject ofRoman and Jewish persecution, when it broughthim within sight of the rack, the state, the cross—when it insured to him the scorn of those whomhe had respected, the haired of his own household—then, indeed, it might be safely mid,' Whosoeveror shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, Goddwelleth in him, and he in God.' Such a confession,then proved a sincere and strong attachmentto the principles of Christianity. Who will pretendthat it is of any value new and here as a test of character.He is a bold man who would Venture, inChristendom openly to deny this fact, the confessionof which was once so fraught with peril. Avery few centuries, perhaps not one, passed away,are the Church found I hot she needed other teststhan this to determine who were worthy to he happenedin the name of Jesus, and each succeedingage has been furnished, in its peculiar developments,with new and needed tests of Christiancharacter. meant something Christian Thus has it been with the name of abolitionist,the commencement of our enterprise. Atfirst, an anti-slavery profession so marked a manor woman as odious in the community, that therewas little danger of its being assumed by any,save those whose souls were inspired with ardentlove for the slave, and deep reverence for Right.If any others, moved by the beauty of us theories,or the loftiness of its practice did source it, theyseen fainted under the heat and burden of that dayof labor and ril, and, quietly, they 'went out fromus.' But as years rotted by, the enterprise gainedrespect and renown, even among its enemies, andthe name of abolitionist lost much of its odium,until, at last, it has come to he honored, by the and  covered by many in the Churchand the State, who have not yet sufficient moralcourage to wear it saw on their brown. Hated, itstill is, by many, but despised no longer; oppositionit still meats in many a form, but how differentis that opposition from that which first assailedit, they can tell who faithfully served in the earliercampaigns.    To be as abolitionist, now is, as it always was,to hate slavery and to love freedom so sincerelyand so heartily, that we shall give no countenanceto the one, and seek the promotion of the; other;and to be a Christian, now, is, as it always was, tobe like Christ; to love the Lord our God with all theheart, and our neighbor as ourselves, but the evidencesrequisite to prove that we are one or theother, are very different now from what they oncewere. It is not by the adoption of the anti-slaverymine, nor by membership in an anti-slavery society,nor by loud professions of love to the slave,that we prove ourselves true end faithful abolitionist.It is by a life of toil and self-denial for thesake of the slave, by our daily deeds that we provethis, if at all. It is evinced not only by the eloquentand earnest appeal to an assembled multitude,who hang with delight on the lips of the orator ofFreedom, but in the social circle, where unpopulartruths are fearlessly and plainly uttered; by the fireside, where schemes of economy andself-deuial are planned and executed in order toincrease the contribution to the anti-slavery treasury;and by the sacrifice of love of party, love ofsect, so deeply inwrought in many a soul, that theyare often the last offerings laid on the altar of Humanity.It is best proved by diligent toil, whichwearies not, and falters not, though uncheered byhuman praise, and unaided, oft-times, by humansympathy; by quiet sacrifices of case, comfort, convenience,reputation, cheerfully borne for the slave'ssake. They who are giving these evidences of thegen ineness of their anti-slavery professions, are,indeed, worthy of the high name of abolitionist.And when the governing motive of such a life istrue love to man, the only source of which istrue love to God, then are its deeds acceptable toHim who said,' Inasmuch as ye have done it untoone of the least of these, my brethren, ye baredone it unto me.'  It is no light thing to be a faithful abolitionist.We may account it a joy and an honor that anygreat reform has filled our beans and occupied ourhands, for such it is, but well does it become us tosee to it that no lukewarthness, no selfishness, nounfaithfulness of ours, brings dishonor and reproachupon the enterprise which thus honors andblesses us. 'THE CRISIS.—A friend recently put into ourhands the prospectus of an Anti-slavery paperwith the above name, to be published in Moundsville,Marshall Co., Virginia, under the editorialcare of Anson Berkshire, assisted by one or morecorresponding editors. It will be issued weekly at$2 00 a year. From information derived from anothersource, we understand that the direct aim ofthis enterprise is to procure the passage of a lawauthorizing each county to vote on the abolition ofslavery within its own borders. The movement isencouraging as indicative of the pressure of anti-slaverytruth upon the South; and however it maybe received, whether with favor or opposition, itcannot fail, if isely conducted, to make a goodimpression upon the southern mind, and do muchto disseminate anti-slavery principles among thatpeople. That it may be carried forward thus, andfind abundant success, is our  wish.—Ibid. HE RISIS.   Ibid. 

 The friends of impartial freedom throughout theUnited States, and invited to assemble in Conventionin the Liberty-street Presbyterian Church. in the cityof Troy, N. Y., on the 6th day of October, 1847, at10 o'clock, A. M. Liberty-street Presbyterian Church. The objects of the meeting will be to form a unitedphalanx is opposition to the dangerous and increasingaggressions of slavery; to recommend andencourage Education;—to urge the necessity of acquiringproperty is a means of destroying prejudice,and of elevating the character of the colored peopleto a high and honorable position is society;—torecommend emigration and colonization, not to Africa,Asia, or Europe, but from crowded cities and servileemployments, to the manly and dignified laborsof agricultural life;—to promote the principles ofTemperance and frugality, and to attend to all otherbusiness that will advance the interests of ouroy pressed fellow-citizens. Fellow-Citizens, let the Convention be a granddemonstration of the patriotism and spirit of a peopleclad with the panoply of Truth, ready and willingto fight in the glorious cause of Freedom. Come from the East, West, North, and the Southcome with bold hearts, trusting in God, be preparedto make an impression in favor of Humanitywhich shall long he felt. (Signed,) J. W. C. Pannington, Connectisul Connectisul J. W. Loguin, Bonj, F. Young, Alfred Haley, Henry W. Johnson, J, M. Whitefield, Austin Stewart, William Rich, Henry H. Garnet, J.W. Duffin, S. Ringold Ward, Wm. H. Topp, H.K. Thomas, Peter Freeman, J.H. Davis, J.H. Henderson, New-York, New-York  Frederick Douglass, C. Lenox Remond, John T. Hilson, Heary Wosdom, Edward B.Law  Willam C. Nell, Robert Morris, Jr, Thomas P. Smith, Thomas H. Tompkins, John J. Debnis, J.B. Senderson,    E.P. Rogers, A.T. Cook, New Jersey. New Jersey. James E. Crawford,    Robert Bank,  W.C. Monres, Michigan. Michigan. A.N. Freeman,    P.G. Smith, J. Taylor, Vermond. Vermond. ☞ All who desire to attach their names to theCall, will please notify the editors of the NationalWatchman. ☞ All papers friendly to the Convention are requestedto copy the above. 

 NARRATIVE WM W. BROWN, A Fugitive Slave.Written by Himself, and for  at the Anti-Sla-Office,No. 21 Cornhill, 1847. ARRATIVE M ROWN  The recommendation which accompanies thisbook affords sufficient evidence of the correctnessof Mr. Brown's statements. It is writen in a styleand manner almost as winning as that of De Foe'sbooks, and it obtains a peculiar hold on the feelingson account of our proximity to the sceneswhich are narrated. It may he reiterated, until language shall be wornout, that we of the Free States have nothing to dowith Slavery; but still there remains the word ofGod to condemn all such justification. There isnot s slave at the South but what is there by ourpermission. We may rest contented under thebroad shield of a parchment, which has been awrong from the first, and despise the teachings ofprophecy and of revelation; but there is a timecoming when the perfect rectitude of God shallscatter the weak pretences and excuses of man, andpresent the naked truth, concerning slavery, to thethousands and tens of thousands, to their utteramusement and condemnation. Mr. Brown's book cannot fail to interest theyoung and the old  we wish thatthe young may posses it, and to this we shouldbe glad to have it introduced into our parish libraries.  NARRATIVE . WM. BROWN, a Fugitive Slave:witten by himself. Boston: published at the Anti-Slaveryoffice, 21 Cornhill 1847. ARRATIVE  M. ROWN Mr. Brown is an Agent of the Garisonian Anti-SlaverySociety of this State,—a capable and worthyman,—and has furnished a highly graphic andinteresting sketch of his personal experience of thewoes and wrongs of American Slavery. The narrativeis preceded by a commendatory letter fromEdmund Quincy and a preface by J.C. Hathaway.The book contains something over 100 pages, ishandsomely printed and embellished with an accuratelikeness of the author. We hope it may bewidely circulated.—Herkimer Freeman. Herkimer Freeman. 

 The twelfth annual meeting of the Rhode Island.Anti-Slavery Society will be holden in providenceon Wednesday and Thursday, the 20th and 21st ofOctober, 1847. Distinguished friends of emancipation, from otherStates, are expected to be present and aid is renderingthe meeting interesting by their utterance ofearnest thoughts on a subject of immense importanceto the people of our State and country. We invite to meet with them and with as, and totake part in our deliberations, all such as sympathizewith the oppressed, and are willing to give the influenceof their presence, their 'good names,' or theirtruthful words, in favor of humanity and against themad ambition of the opp.  We invite also the indifferent, the apologist of theenslaver, and the enslaver himself. Let us comeand 'reason together'—being mindful of truth, andour duties to each other and our brothers everywhere. Let us see of beyond the dark cloud whichgathers shout us, there is no gleam of sunshine—ifbeyond the crushing of human rights, and the sheddingof human blood, there is no 'good time' visibleof Liberty and peace—if we may not strengthen thehearts and the hands of each other, by the renewalof our pledges to 'labor and to wait' with renewedconfidence in the purity and justice of our cause,and strengthened assurance that over all the obstacleswhich now beast our path, and net with standing,that 'on the side of the oppressor there is power,we may yet plant firmly the standard of peace andLiberty, and proclaim the triumph of Right in theboasted land of the free. In behalf of the  Island Anti-Slavery Society,  JOHN BROWN, Pres. Pres. ANARANCY PAIN, soc. NARANCY AIN  soc. Providence, Sept. 13th, 1847. 

 A NARRATIVE OF WM. W. BROWN, a fugitiveslave, written by himself, is upon our table. It is awork of thrilling interest, sad believing as we do,that every publication of This kind tells favorablyupon public opinion, and tends to hasten the timewhen the slave shall be free from his bolds, we commend'it to the perusal and patronage of our readers.Mr. Brown is an able, earnest advocate of the rightsof his enslaved brethren, and is making, we are gladto know, a good use of his Freedom, to which he isindebted not so much to the 'genius of cur institutions,as to the swiftness of his heels.' ARRATIVE OF M. ROWN EQUALITY!—The Rev. M.M. Clark, a coloredgentleman, minister of the African Methodist EpiscopalChurch, states that he has travelled in Britainone year, and has received the most friendlyattention. Just as he turned his face towards 'theland of the free,' having purchased a cabin passagein the ship Constitution, he is informed by thecaptain of that vessel that the owners would nottolerate such a passenger in the first cabin. Mr.Clark is a free citizen of the United States —LiverpoolAlbion. QUALITY LiverpoolAlbion. ☞ The Liberty Party convention held hi thistown on Wednesday, re-nominated S.E. Sewalland J.M. Brewster as their candidates for Governorand Lieut. Governor. A resolution commendatoryto John. P. Hale sod closing with an indirectnomination of him for the presidency, caused an excitedand almost acrimonious debate. The latter partwas finally stricken out by a large majority, and theresolution then passed. The division of the-renventioninto two factions, the one under the endof Leavitt and Cummins, and the other composedof the supporters of Gerritt Smith and the Lockportconvention, was very apparant. One of thedelegates declared, in our hearing, that the 'Lockportconvention men were the worst enemies theLiberty party had to contend with. They westworse than the out and out Garrisonians.—WescesterSpy. WescesterSpy. ☞ The Anti-Slavery Convention in Harwichhas been made the theme of rebuke by theeditors of the Register and Patriot, and by a correspondentof the former respectable journal.We were not in attendance upon the Convention,and have no intention of taking up the pen in itsdefence. But in conversation with an esteemedwomen who was there, we heard remarks whichwent far to relieve that Convention of any imputationswhich have been cast upon it She says,that the proceedings were fully as proper there onthe Sabbath as they are at any Camp-meeting;that Mr. Pillsbury estimated that there were aboutseven thousand persons on the ground on Sunday;that there was but one little tent far the saleof refreshments, and she is not a were that anyliquor was to he had in it; and If liquor was soldby some unprincipled persons, the honest folkswere not to blame for it. She says there was somevery good speaking at the meetings. Wm. W.Brown, the fugitive sieve from Missouri, spoke inso affecting a manner that there were few dryeyes in the audience. She acknowledges that Mr.Pillsbury spoke with  severity even forhim. A.S.P.  

 A Quarterly Meeting of the New England NonResistance Society will be held is Pawtneset, R. I.,On the 2nd and 3d of Oct. next, (Oct 18th and 19thSept, and advertised in the last practical Christian,)commencing on Saturday, the 2nd, at 2 o'clock, P. M.and continuing through the next day. All personsinterested are carmostly invited to attend. By order of the Excessive Committee. ADIN BALLOU, President. President. N.B. The above meeting in postponed from thetime appointed in the practical Christian, in thehope of thereby occurring the presence and aid ofour beloved brother, Henry C. Wright, who has justreturned from England, and has expressed as nestwith to be with us on that accession.  

 'Of all the asts that are counted in this tingworld,' (and their same is Legion,) there are fewworse, and none more disgusting, than that whichplaces the Chattel Slave and the Free Laborer forwages in the same category of wrong and of misery.In th last number of 'Young America,' the organof the National Reformers, the editor speaks of 'thedwarfish idea of changing the Chattel Slave, with asort of home, and a master to stripe his back, intoa wages slave with no home at all, compelled to the country (at the risk of being farmed outas a vagrant) in search of a landlord and of a masterto stripe his belly.' One hardly knows whether itwas the spirit of a Slave or of an Overect thatgave this expression to this thought, or whether itwas a happy mixture of the two. As  feelingmust be that penned it have of the value of personalliberty, and a rice perception of moral distinctions!And, yet he is a Reformer, foroth! Yes, verily,and a National Reformer! And of the party ofwhich he is the , Mr. GERMIT SMITH is theCandidate! For this very article is written to persuadethe Third Party to make Mr. Smith theirs!'Truly, as we believe we have said comes before inthis same , Politics, like Misery, makesmen acquainted with strange bed-follows!         ERMIT MITH  We should not have thought it important to drawattention to this particular exposition of the Anti-Slaveryidea, had we not sometimes heard somethingto the same effect, from men as incapable,we believe, of the course selfishness of its spirit asthey are of the vulgar brutality of its expression;men, the very warmth of whose seal against allwrong and oppression has led them to confoundthings very distinct from one another, to  Slaveryin Poverty, and the 'Sum of all Villanies' inthe least of its details, or rather where none, of themare to be found. There seems to be no particularsympathy between Associationism and Land Reformin certain essentials, each thinking its own fulfillmentthe necessary antecedent of the other; butwe believe they both agree in vastly exaggeratingthe evils that environ the life of the white laborer,while they strangely undervalue those that crushthe minds as well as the bodies of the chattel Slaves.This we do not wonder at in those who look at thesethings from the point of their own selfish interests;but, we confers we are surprised that men who haveever stood upon the Mount of Vision to which Anti-Slaveryhas attained, should suffer from such a confusionof images.  Wherein does the resemblance consist betweenthe laborer for wages and the laborer for stripes?They each produce materials for human consumption,or work them up into a consumable shape, andthere the likeness ends. The analogy would seemto be as well grounded on the fast that they bothlive by bread and breath. What is it to be a Slave?It is, to be deprived of all central over life and conduct.It is, to be at the absolute disposal of another.To eat and drink and work and go and come, at theirresponsible bidding of a master. To hold 'all thecharities of father, one and brother,' the endearingrelations of wife and child, at the beck of the price,the passion or the interest of a natural enemy.It is to be a passive tool, instead of a free agent,without the rights of losemotion, of choice of labor,of the acquisition of property, of improvement incondition, of cultivation of mind, without recognizedpolitical or civil existence. In short, to be theproperty, the belongings of another, and reduced, asfar as man can accomplish it, to the condition of adomestic animal, of 'a  that lacks discourse ofreason!' consumable   What is there in the condition of the most degradedand dependent free laborer compared withthis? May he not choose his employer? May benot contract for his wages? May he not change hisoccupation, whenever he can improve his condition? that he cannot by skill,talent or opportunity, rise to a higher social position?o he chained to the soil? Are his movements dependenton the will and pleasure of another? Hashe not freedom, if he have will and opportunity, tocultivate his mind? Is the light of religious andsecular knowledge quite shut out from him by penalStatutes? Can any power take from him his wifeand his children? Does he not own himself? he not 'lord of his presence.' at least, though hemay be lord' of no land beside'? If it be affirmedthat, though nominally possessed of these rights,and thus distinguished from the Slave; still, in pointof fact, the stern necessity of living makes him asobject a dependent on his master, as permanentlydegraded in his social position, as little master of hismovements, as irretrievably doomed to ignorance asthe Slave, we meet the assertion with a simple anda flat denial.    The laborer is indeed dependant, in a sort, on theemployer; but not more no than the employer is dependant on the laborer. Capital and labor are thecomplements of each other. Each is necessary toeach. This is true in a Slave Country, too; only,there, Capital owns Labor, whereas in a Free CountryLabor owns itself, and makes the best bargainit can with Capital. This is proved by the continualfluctuations in wages, according to the state ofthe labor-market. And it will hardly be denied that,in point of fact, laborers are accustomed to changetheir employers and their employments, when theycan be gainers by it. The immense annual emigrationto this country is evidence enough that themost object laborers have, and exercise, the right oflocomotion. To their social status and their opportunitiesof improving their condition or their minds asfixed and unchangeable as that of the slave? LetArkwright, and Borne, and Gifford, and Cobbett,and the multitudes besides from the ranks of labor,who have acquired wealth, social distinction, politicalinfluence and immortal fame, answer! Let themany names in the history of England, monarchical,, priest-ridden England, that haverisen from the abyss of poverty to adorn her government,her peerage, her hierarchy, reply! Let themen who insult the free laborer by placing him bythe side of the slave, in social position, point no outa single instance of a slave rising to social, politicalor intellectual equality with his master,—aye, or asingle instance of a man on whose brew the darkshadow of slavery rests, obtaining the highest officialand social rank in a Free State,—and we willacknowledge that there is a conceivable analogy between the two classes. owns status  We have illustrated our position, thus, far, by comparingthe condition of the American slave with thatof the English operative, because the greater hard-chipof his condition, and the mightier obstacles hehas to surmount in reaching a higher one, make hiscase a stronger one on the other side, than that ofthe white American laborer. But when we come toexamine the state of this last in the light of thistheory, its absurdity becomes even ludicrously apparent.The very paper, which has furnished the textfor this Discourse, is established for the purpose ofarousing these very wages-slaves to redress theirwrongs, and establish a better state of things byPOLITICAL ACTION! Slaves 'voting themselvesfarms,' and altering the laws of the land by theirballets! It is strange, if those gentlemen was passone another in the street without laughing in eachother's faces, like the Roman Augurs, at the recollectionof the humbug they are Prastising, or attemptingto practice, upon the people. If the whitelaboring men in America are slaves, where faultis it? They are Slaves that held the  of in their own hands. Why do they notwas it for their own emancipation? They have nobodyto  but themselves. The fault wages-slaves Slaves slaves    '—– is not in their stars,But in themselves, that they are underlings!'.  themselves  is so with the chattel Slaves?  It is undoubtedly, true, that the relation of laborerand employer may be the occasion of an underinfluence of the latter over the former. This influencemay be word to impair the independence ofthought and section of the operative. It is, unquestionably,a hard thing, as the world counts hard,for a man to put his bread in jeopardy for his principles.But this is a state of things by no meansconfined to the manual laborer. Ministers and lawyersand physicians and merchants and editors andteachers and authors are all proportionably dependantupon those whose wants, they supply. Andpersons of all these classes have been called to assevere trials to maintain their integrity, against theinfluence of those on whose favor they depend forbread, as any operative in a manufactory. We apprehend that the world knows pretty wellby this time that the abolitionists are anything butmen of one idea. It is their notion that Anti-Slavery,instead of being 'fragmentary,' is all-compressive,and includes the cum of all the evils of humancondition. For from limiting their vision tothe black slaves of the South they see that in attackingchattel slavery, the insolent  of labor,they are consulting all its minor wrongs. The abolitionists reverence labor, which them upon whoselanguage we are animadverting insult and degrade,and neck to raise it from its lowest estate. Free Labor,they believe, can never be duly honored as longas Slavery exists. Therefore, they feel that they arehonoring and helping the one most effectually ingiving themselves to the destruction of the other.They perceive that the  that yawns betweenthe humblest free laborer and the slave is as greatas that which separates him from an Aster or a Van-,—say, infinitely greater, for the one isimpossible, while the other is not—and they to class them together, while they strive for the practicalrecognition of the great principles in which theinterests of both are involved.     Besides what we have just suggested as why werepudiate the doctrine of the substantial identy of'ages-slavery and chattel slavery we have twoother reasons which fortify us in our rejection of it.And the first is, that we never knew a white laborer,however degraded or ignorant, that sought for therelief of chattel slavery from his sufferings, althoughit has always been open to him, being entirely superiorto the prejudice of color; and we never knewan intelligent one that did not look upon the assertionof the identity or similarity of the two conditions,in the light of a personal insult. Does YoungAmerica believe that among all the starving millionsof Irish  and English operatives, he couldpersuade one to exchange his wretched conditionfor that of the 'fattest and slkest' of the slaves ofHenry Clay? Should be ever seriously make theproposal, we imagine nothing but the bodily weaknessof the party addressed, would save him from apersonal chastisement for the affront. Our other ancillaryreason is, that of the many, once abolitionists,who have received this doctrine, with one or twosignal exceptions, such as William H. Channing andJohn A. Collins, not one has retained any practicalinterest in the movement, while almost all have becomeits enemies. Judging the tree then by allthere its fruits, we pronounce it to be evil and onlyevil, and one that cannot too speedily be hewn downand cast into the fire.—Q.  ages-slavery    

 SAMUEL WILSON, 14 Brattle street, havingmade recent additions to his steak, is prepared tofurnish BOYS' CLOTHING, of as good material andfit, and at as cheap prices, as can be obtained is thecity call and see. 

 In another part of this paper will be found theletter of Mr. Secretary Buchanan on the WilmotProviso. It well deserves the epithet of Statesman-like,which has been freely bestowed upon it, inthe sense in which the word is understood in thiscountry, of an ingenious concession to Slavery of allit wants, under the appearance of granting somethingto the North. It is the way of  which to the Democrats, likethat which Mr. Berrien has made for the Whigs,who may have been indiscret enough to have becomeentangled in the meshes of the Wilmot Proviso.   Mr. Wilmot suggested the condition, which hasmade his name celebrated, that Slavery should notbe permitted in any Territory hereafter to be acquired,and he being a Democrat, and the oppositionof the South not being fully anticipated, many Democratshailed the new idea as one the might checkthe indefinite extension of Slavery The Whigs,almost unanimously, went in its favor, at first; andthey have not as yet, made any very general repudiationof it. This was a demonstration which theSouth felt in necessary to put down in an unequivocalmanner. It was an attempt at intimidation onthe part of their vassals which was of evil ensample,To be sure, it could never have been carried, as wasproved, even in the enthusiasm of its first novelty;but it was not even to be agitated, extensively, byany large portions of either of the political parties Accordingly Mr. Berrien opens this Scripture tothe Whigs, and suggests the wider and less 'fragmentary'issue of' NO MORE TERRITORY,' instead of'NO MORE SLAVE TERRITORY! This, he intimates,will unite the Southern and Northern Divisions ofthe Party in one harmonious whole. And the poorgudgeons snap at the hook which the angler for theirsouls has scarcely thought it worth his while toconceal with even the pretence of a bait. They donot are that before such a condition, if conceded,could be of any avail, it must be first decided, howmuch Territory we have get; and that, without violatingthe agreement of no more Territory, Slaverymay help herself to what she wants, as already here'Or rather, whether they see it or not, they care nothingabout it, so the Slaveholders will help them toa Whig President. And this will be proved by theWhig History of the next twelve months. O ORE ERRITORY O ORE LAVE ERRITORY howmuch Territory we have get no more A little later Mr. Buchanan takes the Democratsin hand, and kindly helps them out of their quandary.'Northern Democrats are not to be expectedto approve of Slavery in the abstract,' it seems!This is a great, and rather a starling concession.But then, the Constitution, Compromises, Compactsand all the rest of it, make it plain that they are expectedto approve of all Slavery does in the concrete.Mr. Buchanan, of course, cannot be opposedto the acquisition of Territory, nor even of SlaveTerritory. But he is not in favor of nothing butSlave-territory. O, no! He is for applying theMissouri Compromise to whatever we help ourselvesto, and excluding Slavery from all north of 36 degreesand 30 minutes! Or, in plain terms, he wouldprohibit Slavery wherever it is physically impossiblethat it should exist! And the Northern Democratsjump joyfully to the same conclusion, and alltheir perplexities are at an end! This whole business has been a striking illustrationof the way in which Slavery governs the country.She proceeds regularly on towards her purposes,care of composing them in her own goodtime. When the North growls and shows its teeth,Slavery thrown it a home, which she has picked hare,and it is ready to wag its tail and lick her hand, ingratitude! A Compromise is proposed, by whichSlavery gets everything and Freedom nothing, andthe North is on its knees in an extacy of thanksgiving!So it has ever been, and so it will be now.Slavery gravely helps herself to the oyster, 'Which we with sword have opened,' and most graciously extends a shell to each of thegreat parties, who receive the been with rapturousdelight! So it has ever been, and so it must be, aslong as the North  to be bound by a Constitutionwhich makes such a state of things as inevitableas Destiny, as necessary as the sequence ofCause and —Q.   

 No. 65 Union at . . . BOSTON. OSTON. JOHN WRIGHT KEEPS constantly on land, a great variety ofNew and Second Hand CLOTHING. Goods of all kinds, could as old clothes; W. L.Goods, watches, Bosts and for New Clothing. Bosts  Cash advanced as all kinds of Goods from at 100. Oct. 1  

 The Democratic Convention held at Worcester, week,  for Governor of the State,General CALEB CUSHING,, now of the army in Mexico.We give the nomination the nation of ourcordial approbation. To be sure, he is not exactly aDemocrat; but, then, on the other hand, he is notexactly a Whig. He is a sort of hybrid or betweenthe two. But he is none the worse Representativeof Massachusetts as she is, for all that.We cannot think that he will decline the nomination.He is not one of those unlucky Sanchos, whosehead, were it to rain mitres, no'er a one would fit.Nothing of the sort will come amiss to him. Withthe exception of the time when he burnt his fingersin his haste (but he was very young, then) he hasalways shown himself to be one of those who knowhow to keep their platter right side up when it rainsporridge.   ALEB USHING, We are quite in earnest when we say that we likethis nomination. For we are as great admirers of'the fitness of things' as Philosopher Square is TomJones New, Massachusetts having acknowledgedthat the Mexican war was began by the act of Mexico,and, of course, just and necessary, and havingapproved of the raising of the Massachusetts Regiment,both of which she did in re-electing Mr.Briggs last November; we really do not see howshe can honor her own consistency more highly thanby showing how much she delights to honor him,whom the recruiting handbills, last winter, used todescribe as 'the brave, gallant and lion-heartedCushing'! If Deacon Briggs deserved that chair ofState, last year, for sending the volunteers to Mexico,how much more does General Cushing deserveit, this, who went himself? The Governor was patriotic, no doubt; but the General was more—he was heroic. The one said, 'go' But the other went! said The Democrats were wise in their generationwhen they made this nomination. It was no badplay of them, last year, (though not strictly accordingto Hoyle) to follow their adversary's lead and totry and take a Baptist Deacon with a Baptist Deacon.But they have a better chance of making thetrick with this tramp card. We are afraid that thosehand is hardly strong enough to secure them thegame, but they will make more points this time, thanlast. It was excellent good fun to look on last year,and are Deacon meet Deacon in the tug of war, Baptistarrayed against Baptist in the grand melee; butit will be better, this, when the Church and theWorld encounter each other in the persons of theirchampions, and the man of was grapples withthe Follower after Pease, —the Peace, unhappily,that is not of THIS WORLD! We hope to be 'anedified spectator' of the conflict. HIS ORLD Were it possible for the gallant General (gallant,surely, if the tales told by Birdefredom Sawin aboutthe soon creates be authentic) to carry the State,there would be great satisfaction in seeing GovernorBriggs ousted by this Colonel of his own commissioning—this creature of his own hands. It would behaving 'judgment here' to have the 'bloody instructions,'which he had taught the way to Mexico, 'return to plague the inventor!' To have has ownguns turned on himself, to use him 'bankerouted'with his own capital. This would be 'as excellentjest, i 'faith,' soon creates 'For 'tis the sport to have the engineerHoist with his own petard!'  But it is too good a one to come to pass. We fearthat the General will not be recalled from the Foundof Glory to the Hall of Council, for the ppresent.Arms will not give way to the tags, yet awhile.His mission of extending 'Angle-Saxondon's idea,is not yet accomplished, we apprehend. While wecannot promise General Cashing our vote to preventsuch a calamity, having some foolish surplusas to appointing him to do some little things he mustswear to do, if elected, we will say thus much, thatwe think he would make a much more creditableGovernor than Mr. Briggs, or any one else theWhigs will be at all likely to set up—Q. tags 

 TWO respectable young man can is a pleasant  at the West .    For terms, inquire of LEMUEL SURR, 3 Southask or 65 Court .  

 We see it stated, positively, in the Cleveland'True Democrat,' that 'Frederick Douglass has determinedupon starting a new paper, and to madethis City his head-quarters. It is to be called theNORTH STAR, and is to be devoted wholly to the subjectof human rights.' This statement being thuspositive and circumstantial, we cannot doubt its correctness. ORTH TAR As we know nothing of the reasons which inducedMr. Douglass to change the opinion which he held,when he left New England, as to the expediency ofthis measure, we can say nothing about then. Wesuppose, however, that he has found a state of thingsin the West, different from what be had supposedto exist, and which seems to him to justify, and todemand, this step on his part. Of his eminent abilityto meet any exigency of this sort, any where,and to man any breach that calls for a ready mindand a strong arm, it is unnecessary for us to speak.Tens and hundreds of thousands of witnesses, inboth hemispheres, are ready to testify to it, of theseown knowledge. It is, of course, an open question, and one aswhich his best friends may differ, whether his uncommontalents will be so effectually directed againstSlavery through the medium of the press, as throughhis action on multitudes of minds by his great oforatory. But he is the person to decide thisquestion, after a full hearing of both sides; and weare ears that he will find all his friends ready tohow to his decision, and to give him what help theycan towards success. His services must be greatand important, be they rendered in what shape theymay, and his influence cannot but be widely felt, letit be put forth in whatever direction be thinks best. We shall heartily regret, in common with all hisother personal and anti-slavery friends, in New-England,his removal to so great distance. Butwe shall endeavor to check whatever is selfish inthis feeling, by the recollection that the Field ofsuch a Reaper is the World, and that, be he wherehe may, he must needs find, or make, a Harvest. Hewill be followed to his new home, and his newsphere of usefulness, by the ardent good wishes andthe confident hopes of his many friends, in this hisfirst home of freedom. We believe that they willall be glad to do what they may to further his plans,and to make them as successful as be can desire. Itwill ever rejoice their hearts to hear of his usefulnessand prosperity. And it will be their unanimous wish and hope that this change of abode andvariation of pursuit, may be in the highest degreeconducive to the one and to the other:—Q. ☞ SIS. We are informed that the Rev. HoramCummings, at a Third Party Convention held aDedham, lately, stated that he had takes the painsto ascertain the circulation of Third Party paperof all kinds, (with the exception of the Ers.) inMassachusetts, including two or three which havelately given up the ghost, and that the whole didnot exceed EIGHTEEN HUNDRED:—Q. IS.  IGHTEEN UNDRED 

 A Captive Slave from Afric's land,On the ocean wide was borne;He left afar his kindred band,A parent's fate to mourn;His hoary bead was bent with age,His soul no solace knew;And none would there his pangs assuage.Amongst that lawless crew.        He sat upon the sultry deck,A poor maltreated thing,With arms stiff folded round his neck,Lash'd to an iron ritig;His meagre limbs were fetter'd fest,And weak and sore were they,His ghastly eye, uplifted, castA look of wild dismay.        And grief did writhe his wearied soul,Yet none his plaint would hear;His moans were hushed by the ocean's growl.Unheeded dropp'd the tear;Th' assaulting wave a batt'ry madeO' his feeble, paked frame;That wretched man for mercy pray'd,But ne'er a heart could tame.        Thus while the nimble barque her courseDid speed upon the wave,The jocund crew a blasph' mous curseTo his entreaties gave;The type of age conspicuous gleam'dO'er his unpillow'd head;Yet reckless still his captors cem'd,For rev'rence too had fled.        And as the fierce and bois'trous wind,Drove fast the waves along,The Captive, to his fats resigned,Beheld the billows strong,That roll'd and dash'd their briny sprayO'er the distended sail;Meanwhile the tott'ring barque her waySwept fleeting through the gale.        Now dark and dismal night came on,Spreading her sable veil;The lightning's vivid torch anonFlash'd from her gloomy trail;An! at the dieary midnight hour,The victim's plaintive toneHis anguish told—that with its pow'rCould melt a heart of stone.        Twas so he passed the tristful night,When terrors gap'd around;E'en few those moments of delight,When sunk in sleep profound,Mis soul, forgetful of its fear,Did flit across the wave;Did see lov'd Afric's land appear,Nor more 'the Captive Slave.'        Kind nature's nurse her visions drew,To calm his troubled breast;But they were trances short and few,In fancied colors drest;Her fingers light his eye-lids closed,Which peon again she raised;And ere his eyes had long reposedThey saw the world sad gas'd.        Oh I how his burden'd spirit then,Embltter's and forlorn,Did wrestle with its anguish, when,As he be held the morn,It pictured, his suff ring mind,Whiles glow'd the orb of day,Lesage's shores he left behind,In all their bright array.        He thought then of the humble dame,That gavel him shelter there;Of those who in that sever'd home,Were pining in despair—His wife, his sons, his daughters food,That chear'd his lengthen'd years;These made his parent heart despond,And beth'd his eyes with tears.        A moment's pence my faithful MThese scenes my bosom thrill;My falt'ring lips' this vigor lose,And e'en my blood grows chill;The lyre escapes my fingers' grasp,That trembles as I play,My harrass'd son doth breathless gaspth horror and dismay.          

 THE WILMOT PROVISO. The New York speaking of the Wilmet Proviso, says:— HE ILMOT ROVISO.  'Six months hence there will not be a single recognizedDemocratic paper in the Union that willnot repudiate the Proviso humbug. Mark the prediction.' To be care not; nor in three months either! Wecould prophesy as well as that, ourself:—Q. APPROPRIATE TEXT The Mercantile Journalsays that Rev. David Fosdick preached his FarewellSermon, as poster of Hollis St. Society, onSunday, Sept, 19th: His text was from Jeremiahxiv. 19: 'We locked for peace, and there is no good,and for the time of healing, and behold trouble.' PPROPRIATE EXT We locked for peace, and there is no good,and for the time of healing, and behold trouble.' It is evident that the reverend gentlemen and hisassociates looked for peace in the wrong quarter.—Q.   HEALTH OF MR. GARRISON. A whole week hadelapsed, during which no tidings of Mr. Garrisonwere received, and his family and friends were ofcorner not a little anxious; when, on Tuesday evening,letters came from Samuel Brooks, at Cleveland,giving us information as favorable perhaps ascould be looked for. Mr. Garrison has been verymuch reduced by fever; but the fever had apparentlyleft him, and, in the words of Mr. Brooks, 'he isdecidedly better, and all the symptoms much morefavorable, 'than previously. The most careful attentionand watching are given him; and, so soon asbe may be able to travel, a good friend will accompanyhim home. God alone knows whether his workis, or is not, done. But we will trust that a life astrue, so great, so faithful and so dear, is not yet tobe ended on earth.—M. EALTH OF R. ARRISON. 

 There is a land immortal,The Beautiful of lands;Beside the ancient portalA sentry grimly stands.He only can undo it,And open wide the door;And mortal who pass through itAre mortal never more.        That glorious land is heaven,And Death the sentry grins;The Lord therefore has givenThe opening keys to him;And ransomed spirits, sighing,And sorrowful for sin,Do pass the gate in dying,And freely enter in.        Though dark 'and drear the passageThat lead the to the gate,Yet grace comes with the message,To souls that watch and wait;And at the time appointed,A messenger comes down,And leads the Lord's annointed,From the  to glory's crown.         Their  are lost in singing,They're blessed in their tears;Their journey heavenward winging,They leave to earth their fears.Death like an angel seemeth—'We welcome thee,' they cry;Their face with glory beameth—Tis life for them to die.         

 GAP, LANCASTER Co., Pa., Aug. 31st, 1847. AP ANCASTER RESPECTED FRIEND: ESPECTED RIEND I transmit to you a copy of a Preamble and resolutions,passed by the Clarkson Anti-Slavery Societyof the last meeting, held on the 21st of the presentmonth. I was authorized by the Society to sendthem to you in order that they may be published inthe Liberator, and I request you to do so. Respectfully, SIMMONS COATES. Whereas, certain Anti-Slavery individuals isGreat Britain have paid Thomas Auld, a slaveholderof Maryland, the sum of $750 for his villainous claimto Frederick Douglass, which he will probably expendin the purchase and rearing of other slaves forthe market, and in view of the frequent applicationslatterly made to us to aid in similar purchases, wedeem it expedient to adopt the following resolution: Resolved, That purchasing slaves by the friendsof freedom from their unjust claimants, is, at least,in indirect admission of the right of property inman, and directly encourages and tends to enlargethe outrageous system of slavery; the practice shouldtherefore receive no countenance from the friends ofthe slave. We therefore regret to find that the purchaseof Frederick Douglass is defended by the editorof the Liberator and other prominent individualsin this country. BUSINESS ENTERPRISE OF COLORES MRS. To those who may be in want of Boy's Clothing, wewould recommend a call upon Samuel Wilson, No.14 Brattle street, where they will find the best materialsskillfully wrought and adapted to the jureform. USINESS NTERPRISE OF OLORES RS.  In this department, Mr. Wilson has manifestedmuch tact, and is eminently deserving of patronageSee advertisement. 

 It is a trifle—give a millTo help the poor along;Tis not the amount—it is the willThat makes the virtue at strong.    I have but little,' never say,Twill a  giveA penny, it you give to day,will make the dying live.      It is the spilt, not the goldUpon the waters cast—That will return a hundred fold,To cheer and bless at last.    Then give a  cheerfullyFrom out thy little store;With interest it will come to thee,When thou wilt need it mere.     

 We cheerfully insert the following communication,relative to the Anti-Slavery character of one of thesigners of the above protest. The author' has sentit With his name, which will be at the service of anyone caring to know it. The Clergyman, to whomhe refers, is the Rev. Joseph Gowin. If he doeshim any injustice in the statement he makes, weshall be most happy to make the amends honorable.But gentlemen must not expect to escape from theircharacters by joining themselves to a body of Anti-SlaveryProtestants. A Protest against Slavery is ofno virtue unless it is the expression of an Anti-SlaveryLife. A more name to an Anti-Slavery document,if it do not stand for an Anti-Slavery men, isonly so much ink wasted and paper spoiled. Statnominis umbra. It is but the shadow even of aname.—Q. amends honorable. men Statnominis umbra. To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator: On reading the list of names appended to theabove pretest, I see same that look oddly enough tome, in such a connection. One is particular is thename of a man who voted for James K. Polk; whoupholds and defends him in his every not and deed;who goes for a vigorous prosecution of the war withMexico, as just and right; a man who has said thatthe 'Morning Star,' the Free Will Baptist paper, atDover, ought to be put down, on account of its publishingsentiments against the Mexican war and Slavery!The fact is well known the ministers inhis 'Quarterly Meeting' understand it perfectly well.I must confess it looks a little like humbug to me.How such a man can say he 'refuses to support Slavery,its principles, or its advocates,' I am at a lossto conceive. Such Protests will do we good, if theyare to be upheld by the names of men who are notoriousfor their pro-slavery sentiments. Yours, &c., P. Lowell, Me., Aug., 1847. ☞ COOL. We copy the following from thestandard of the 16th. OOL. A MISTAKE.—The Liberty Press advertises ameeting to be held at Canandaigua on the 20th instant,at which 'nominations for country officers, anddelegates for the State and National Conventionswill be made out in the forenoon. In the afternoonand evening, addresses will be made by Wm. LloydGarrison, Frederick Douglass, and others.' It willbe seen by reference to our notice column, that Garrisonand Douglass are to be at Canandaigua on theday above specified, but we are quite sure that theirmeeting can have nothing to do with the one which isto make Liberty party nomination. The parties advertisingin the Press, are doing business on capitalnot even borrowed. We are certain that neitherGarrison or Douglass would authorize such a use oftheir names. ISTAKE. Nicholas Biddle knew what he was about when hesaid that 'truths might be so arranged as to conveya falsehood!—Q. What have we gained by the war I—Whig andabolition newspapers. I—Whig andabolition newspapers. The infamous reputation of taking sides with theenemies of your country.—Boston Post. Boston Post. Will the Post say what it thinks of Lord Chatham,for uttering the following words when England andAmerica were at war?—'If I were an American, asI am an Englishman, while a foreign foe was landedon my shores, I never would lay down my arms,—never, never, never?' 

 Beautiful rains thou art come at fast,Gladdening the earth and the souls of men;The burning days are gone and past,And Heaven hath opened its heart again.We were weary of gazing on changeless skies,On withered flowers, and the parched-up pla;But the clouds are cooling our aching eyes,And we did thee welcome, oh, beautiful rain!         

 The friends of freedom and of the slave in thesecounties, and especially the members and friends ofthe Anti-Slavery Societies, are reminded of theirquarterly meetings, soon to take place at Bridgewaterand Newburyport, as will be seen by referenceto the notices in the proper columns. Let them besteadfast and of a good courage, now that the foesof liberty and righteousness are alarmed, and, as thehabit of the conscious wrong-doer is, begin to menace.Let them show, by a full and general attendance,that as they ask for nothing but what is right,so they will not  to demand that right, untilLiberty is proclaimed through all the land, to all theinhabitants thereof. Bridgewaterand Newburyport  THE CHRISTIAN REFORMER. We have receivedfrom its editor, Mr. Charles Stearns, a small, well-printedsheet, of this name, to appear semi-monthly,at fifty cents per annum. It embraces a wide fieldof inquiry, the following being, as the Prospectussays, 'a few of the topics' it intends topresent: 1st,Anti-Slavery. 2nd, Peace. 3d, Non-Resistance. 4th,Prison Reform and the Abolition of Capital Punishment.5th, The rights of the Working Classes. 6th,Total Abstinence, including Graharnism or PhysiologicalReform. 7th, Water Care, Magnetism andPhrenology. 8th, The Rights of Woman, includingMarriage, &c. 9th, The Old Testament, and 'theNew to some extent.' 10th, The Christian Religion.And 11th, An attack on 'the Church and Ministryof the present day,' 'after the manner of our GreatExemplar Jesus.' Any  desirous of knowingMr. Stearns's views on these, and other, topicscan leave their names with the Publishing Agent,Bela March, 25 Cornhill. HE HRISTIAN EFORMER.  

 The vulgar method of bolling drowned personson barrels and other equally aboard methods ofresting suspended animation, no doubt morefrequently kills than cures. Dr. Mott, of the AmericanShip wreck Society, gives the following directions,which cannot be too extensively promulgated: As soon as the body is removed front the water,press the chest suddenly and forcibly downwardand backward, and instantly discontinue the pressure.Repeat this without intermission until a pairof common bellows can be procured; when obtained,introduce the nozzle well upon the base ofthe tongue. Surround the mouth with a towel orhandkerchief—close it. Direct a bystander to pressfirmly on the projecting part of the neck, calledAdam's apple, and use the bellows actively. Thenpress upon the chest to excel the air from the lungs—to imitate natural breathing. Continue this anhour at least, until signs of natural breathing comeon. Wrap the body in warm blankets and place itnear the fire, and do every thing to preserve thenatural warmth, as well as to impart artificial heat,if possible. Avoid all friction until respiration shallbe in some degree established. 

 To the following just and well-merited tributeto the enterprise and ability of Mr. Dickinson,which we copy from too Boston Journal, we mostheartily subscribe. TYPE FOURIDRY—We have already more thanonce referred to the Type and Stereotype Foundryestablished by Mr. S.N. Dickinson in this city,and have taken occasion to speak in terms ofcommendation of his enterprise and success in introducingthe Scotch method of cutting type,which haul previously been unknown here, butwhich finds much favor with printers, Mr. Dickinsonis well known for his practical skill, and devotionto his business as a printer for many years.He has done more to improve the style of printingthan any other individual—and has invested alarge capital in carrying on the business on a largeseals, It is understood that he is about to relinquishthis portion of his business, henceforward,and devote all his energies to his foundry—inwhich we have no doubt he will be as successfulin devising and casting new and beautiful specimensof type for all kinds of printing work, as inimproving the book, newspaper and job printingbusiness, to to which branch he has devoted somany years. YPE OURIDRY 

 In the wooden building ourside, the magnificentrailroad car, recently manufactured by Messrs Devonportand Bridges, of Cambridgeport, excitedgreat admiration. It is forty feet long and ninewide, resting on newly invented springs, with horizontalaction, which free the cars from all strainin passing curves, and prevent jarring from anyother ordinary interruption. The passenger, evenwhen going at the most rapid speed, may read inthe car as comfortably as if he were in his own parlor.The doors, seats, and interior sides are madeof rosewood, and the floor of white maple andblack walnut, inlaid. The seats (for sixty passengers)are covered with violet colored plush; theyare forty inches in width, and have two inchesmore knee-play than is usually allowed. At eachend is hung a solar lamp, and over the doors areregisters, which indicate the name of the town atwhich the train will stop next. There are alsostuffed cushions between the windows, and pegsfor hats, umbrellas, &c., and three of Emerson'spatent ventillators. The car has been purchasedby the Fitchburg Railroad Company, for threethousand dollars.—Past. Past. 

 A letter-writing recruit from the army, at theseat of war, addressing his friends, at the cast ward,closes his letter by saying, 'If a man ever asks youto enlist, knock him down with a club.' Poor fallow!This anecdote, by the by, reminds us of onethe incidents of which are similar, though havingreference to a different kind of enlistment. Agentleman traveling in the West came to a townwhich was pretty much all Loco-Foco. Enteringthe bar-room of the only inn in the place, he spieda discontented looking little fellow aning on hishands and eyeing the fire most ruefully. The travelerlearned afterward that the unhappy lookingvillager had been a great politician, and had gonehis death for 'Polk and Dallas,' under whose triumphantauspices he had hoped to get the PostOffice of the village for his services. But, thoughoften and strongly promised, he had never succeeded.This made him reflective, and rather regretful;and he had begun to repent his recent seal.In order to draw him out, one of the bystanderssaid, 'Well, I voted for Mr. Polk, any how, andain't ashamed to own it!' Whereupon the travelerremarked, 'Well, then I did'nt!' At this, slowlyuprose the little lugubrious villager, and mysteriouslywhispering in the ear of the new comer,said,—  I did'nt 'Didn't you vote for Polk, though?'Certainly not!' was the reply.'Will you just do me a slight favor; sir?' pursuedthe disappointed office-seeker. Didn't you not 'Certainly,' was the answer of the stranger.'If I can!' 'Well, then; just look hose! Just he so goodas to take me out behind the born, then, and giveme a good licking—will you?—Express. Express. 

 The Flag of the 14th, gives the following detailsof brutal outrages committed by men in theuniform of American cavalry, soldiers: About 2 o'clock in the night of the 12th inst., aparty of 12 Americans, mounted, armed and equippedas our volunteer cavalry, rode into the Ranchoof Solicena, about eight leagues distant from thiscity, the inhabitants of which are in daily intercoursewith us, and under the pretence of searchingfor , entered the dwellings and perpetratedoutrages of every imaginable kind, The men wereabused and forced to flee from their houses, thewomen were insulted, their jewelry and trinketstaken from them, and every dwelling robbed ofwhat money could be found. One Mexican, whohas made a report to the beard of alcades of thiscity stales his loss at $150—money that he had receivedfrom the sale of wood to steamboats.  Several other ranchos were visited by this partyduring the same night, but the inhabitants wereforewarned of their approach, and fled to thewoods with every thing valuable they possessed—few of them have yet ventured to return. From the rancho of Guadeloupe, only threeleagues from here, the inhabitants have likewisefled and deem it unsafe to return, until some protectionis afforded them. A few days previous to these occurrences, a similarbody of men conducted by two Mexicans, visitedthe rancho of La Jaritn and perpetrated likeand even worse crimes. Fears of still more seriousconsequences to themselves, should they reportthe offenders to the commandant here, inducedthe Mexicans to bear their wrongs in silence—hence the reason so many days elapsed without themention being made of it. A BATTLE GROUND. One of the Massachusetts'Regiment of volunteers, writing from Matamoras,thus describes the present appearance of the firstbattle-grounds between out troops and the Mexicans:— ATTLE ROUND. I visited, yesterday, Palo Alto and R do laPalma. At Palo Alto, along where the Mexicanline was, there are, every few feet, large piles ofbones, lying where they fell, with parts of unifattached to these—canteens, caps, and all kind ofequipments, decaying together. The Americanswere all buried.   Resaca is worth seeing, as it is where the hardestfight was. The fighting was in the road, in a ravine,and on both sides there is chapparsal. Allthrough the chapparal are strewed skeletons and allkinds of implements of warfare, and the trees aretorn with cannon balls. In one tree, I should thinkthere were twenty musket halls—some have beencut out by visitors. Through the whole woods aregraves—in some instances there are 150 Mexicans inone grave. I think Resaca is the best place an enemycould have chosen for a decisive stand; andhow they were driven from it, it is hardly possibleto con.  

 We copy from the Washington Union of Tuesdaythe following abstract of Santa Anna's accountof the late battles, and declarations of his futureintentions: Washington Union Gen. Santa Anna commences his manifesto, announcingto the Mexican people the armistioswhich he had concluded with Gen. Scott, by sayingthat the events of the 19th and 20th are alreadyton notorious, because they were unfortunate.He then adverts to the extraordinary exertionswhich he had used to raise and equip an army ofmore than 20,000 men, and provide supplies forthem, and to construct lines of fortifications. Hisplan of defense, he says, was evident from aglance at the works constructed, and at the dispositionof his troops; but in war, an accident apparentlyinsignificant may frustrate the most skilfulcombinations. On the 18th, at 11 o'clock in themorning, he ordered a general who commandeda division of 5,000 men and 24 pieces of artillery,to fall back on the village of Coyoscan, for thepurpose of effecting a concentration of forces, inconsequence of a movement of the enemy. But this general, forgetting that there could notbe two commanders in a field of battle, undertookto object to the order; and, instead of falling back,advanced; and the first news that he (Santa Anna)had of this unfortunate movement was the reportof cannon, showing that an engagement had commenced.With a fatal presentiment of the consequences,he immediately placed himself at thehead of a brilliant brigade of four thousand menand five pieces of artillery, and proceeded is the supportof the general, but arrived too late. The enemyhad interposed his forces between them; andthe night coming on, and the rain falling in torrents,he was compelled to retire. He, however,sent an order by an aid-de-camp to the refractorygeneral, directing him to retire to San Angel bythe only road which was then left him; but, insteadof obeying this order, the general seat himword that what we wanted was more troops; thathe had beaten the enemy and put him to fight, andhad granted promotions in consequence of the victory. The next day at dawn, Santa Anne says he madeanother effort to proceed to the support of the erringgeneral, (whose name he does not mention,)but had hardly put himself in motion when theenemy made his attack, and in ten minutes thegeneral was routed. The consequences of this,he says, were terrible. The enemy could, by arapid movement, reach the Capital before it waspossible for him to succor it, or might full with thewhole body of his troops upon a part of the Mexicanarmy. An engagement did take place betweentheir respective advanced corps, and SantaAnna says that his exertions cost the enemy not alittle blood, and that he succeeded in placing himselfin a position to save the Capital; but, uponreceiving a communication from Gen. Scott proposingan armistice, he concluded to accede to it.He then touches upon the propriety of as armisticein the abstract, and concludes by saying that ifthe present armistice does not result in peace, thewar can be renewed. He is still, he says, at thehead of a respectable body of troops, and the nationwill support him in maintaining its honor. Atthe same time, he threatens to punish factious andseditious opposition to the supreme authority. 

 The U. S. Government has expended within thelast year and a half, $135,000,000, or 87,000,000more than its receipts for the same time. Working men! remember that this enormousoutlay for war and slavery, will come from yourpockets, and is a burden upon your shoulders, asreally as though directly levied upon you insteadof being purloined from you by the sinning deviceof duties and customs. The burtons of warare always yours—the fighting and the saying. Itis costly amusement! Could not our to refined andChristian nation be persuaded to introduce theSpanish practice of bull fights or the ancient gladiatorialshows instead? They would cast less ofmoney, morals and life, and be quite as cosilymade to harmonize with our religion.—Pa. Free men Pa. Free men When will the people of this and other landshave the moral courage to look at the question ofWAR temperately and firmly, and deal with it practically,as its importance demands? Public opinionexerted and wielded in a right spirit, is as potentto effect a change in this as in any other of our socialwrongs, before which the strongest of militarydespotisms will fade as a falling leaf. AR 'Alas! for men than they should be so blind,And land as gods those scourgers of their kind;Call each man glorious who has led a host,And him most glorious who has murder's nest;Alas! that men should lavish upon theseThe most obsequious homage of their knew—The most obstreperous flattery of their tongue—That these alone should be by poets sung—That good men's names should to oblivion fall,But those of heroes fill the mouths of all—That those who labor in the arts of peace,Making the nations prosper and increase,Should fill a nameless and unhonor'd grave,Their worth forgotten by the crowds they save,But that the leaders who despoil the earth,Fill it with tears, and quench its children's mirth,Should with their statues block the public way,And stand adored as demi-gods for aye!False greatness! where the pedestal for one,Is on the heads of multitudes undone:False admiration! given, not understood;False glory! only to he gained by blood.                      C. MACKAY. 

 Having your valise in one hand and your umbrellain the other, make a grand rush for thesteps. If you knock over an old lady and two orthree little girls, so much the better, it will touchthem to keep out of the way another time. Havingthus secured an early entrance into the cars,you will have an opportunity to select the mostcommodious seats; every gentleman will of courseexpect at least two seats. Put your valise on theinside one, take the other seat yourself, with yourumbrella by way of barrier on the outside—and itwill require uncommon boldness to attach a fortressthus guarded. After having thus disposed ofyourself and chattels, you will place one root onthe sent in front, and then proceed to take a largemouthful of tobacco—every gentleman will ofcourse provide himself with a good stock of thisfragrant weed. As expectoration is consideredwholesome, you will proceed to discharge yoursaliva, if the day be warm and pleasant, on thefloor of the car—If it should be cold and stormy,it will be judicious to open the window, and letdrive in that direction. It the conductor is not onthe watch, you may perhaps contrive to get a whiffof a sugar, which will add much to the comfort ofthe passengers. If you see a lady entering opposite you unprotected,particularly if she be pretty and embarrassed,stretch yourself back in your two seats andstars at her, until some green horn not as knowingas yourself gives up his seat for her accommodation.If you get tired with one position, you can relieveyourself by running your feet out at length acrossthe passage. This affords great amusement to thepassengers, as it almost infallibly trips up someold gentlemen in haste to get out at a way station. Should a newspaper boy pass you, you of coursehave no change, but as soon as your next neighborbuys s paper, you will naturally beg to look atit a moment to see the ship news. You will thousettle yourself comfortably to peruse it—after havingmastered its contents, you will then deliberatelyfold it up, hold it in your hand, and tell itsowner all the news you have read, item by item.He must be an unconscionable dog indeed, if heis not pleased to be saved the trouble of readinghis own paper. Should your next neighbor he reading a bookwith apparent interest, you will find it a very pleasantway of passing the time, to address him varioussuggestions and interrogatories, much as the following—a fine day today—rather cold last night.How far have you come in the cars? Any news inyour quarter? Does the potatoe rot prevail in yourdistrict? A railroad is a wonderful invention. Thisis s great country, &c, &c., and any other equallyprofound remarks, all which will serve, to amuseyourself and enlighten your neighbor. Or, wehave seen it answer a good purpose, to take thebook with a civil nod out of his hand as if to seewhat it is. If you like it you can read it through,as you are well aware that the owner will haveplenty of thus to read it after he gets home. 

 On Wednesday morning test, in Norfolk, Va.,LEONARD WHITE, a man of dissipated habits, andwho, when in his paroxysms of drunken insanity,was in the habit of abusing his wife and hermother, (Mrs. BEALE,) committed an unusuallyaggravated assault upon the latter. She is veryold, and blind, as well as decropid from ago, andwas shockingly beaten and bruised by her insaneson in-law. Mrs. Beale, in the course of the day,called at the residence of her son, Mr. Albert Beale,Clerk of the steamer Curtis Pock, and left wordfor him to call and see her at Mr. White's. Onthe arrival of the C. P. from Richmond the sameafternoon, he called accordingly at about 6 o'clockin the evening, when she related to him the usageshe had received from White in the morning, andshowed him the bruises from the blown which hehad inflicted on her person. EONARD HITE EALE This information produced the most violent excitementin the breast of BEALE, who, after remainingabout an hour with his mother, who besoughthim to proceed to no acts of violence, her onlywish being to have WHITE bound over, rushedmadly out of the house; and, shortly after, seeingWHITE go into a cigar shop, he entered, and draggedhim out upon the pavement, where, throwinghis arm around his victim, he drew a Bowie-knifeand stabbed him several times before say one couldinterfere—WHITE lingered until Sunday night,when he died, and the coroner's jury returned averdict in accordance with these facts. The NorfolkHerald, from which we gather this dreadfulstory, does not state whether BEALE has been arrested. EALE HITE HITE HITE Herald EALE HOW TO MAKE AND UNMAKE AN APPETITE.—AGlasgow paper furnishes a curious instance of theeffect of ventilation, which were laughable if itwere not saddening. In a weaving mill near Manchester,where the ventilation was very bad, the,proprietor caused a fan to be mounted, and so improvedit greatly. What was the result! Whythe operatives, instead of thanking their employerfor his attention to their comfort and health, madea formal complaint to him, that the ventilator hadincreased their appetites, and therefore entitled themto a corresponding increase of wages! 'By stoppingthe fan a part of the day,' says our authority,'the ventilation and voracity of the establishmentwere brought to a medium standard, and complaintsared. The operatives' wages would butjust support them—any additional demands bytheir stomachs could only be answered by droughtsupon their backs, which were by no means in acondition to answer them.' Poor things! The fanbrought them health, but they fancied they couldnot afford the luxury. OW TO AKE AND NMAKE AN PPETITE. increased their appetites  

 I lately had occasion to call upon a spirit merchant,who also keeps a retail whiskey cellar. Whenin his place, and in business conversation with him,a poor, ragged, dirty, female beggar, attended bytwo as equally wretchedly clad children, camein. 'Well, lady, what is it?' said the spirit dealer,with all the complaisance of a person dependingfor his next meal upon the patronage of his superiors—and yet he was worth some thousands ofpounds!—'Well, lady, what is it? said he, abruptlybreaking off our conversation, and attending to thewants of his customer—'Well, lady, what is it?'said he. 'Half-a-gill at three halfpence.' 'Yes,'was the response. It was gulped down at a mouthful.'Thank you,' said the gentleman of half-gilts,with the most apparent obsequiousness. She thentook a seat on a form before the counter, and heresumed his conversation with me. My businesswas at length finished, and  left. In about twohours afterwards I again called. On entering, Iwas met by the lady, but who now had sunk downto the drunken beggar, and the gentleman landlordwas kicking her out at the door. When will personsbe wise for themselves! The moral of theabove true scene must be obvious.—Correspondentof the Examiner. lady lady  Correspondentof the Examiner. There was a little old woman in the city of Glasgow who much admired Dr. Chalmers, and diligentlyattended all his sermons on Sundays andweek-days, whether they were doctrinal or practical,theological or astronomical. One day she camehome in great perplexity. Dr. Chalmers had dweltmuch on a 'moral lever' with which he wished touplift human nature. What a 'moral lever' wasthe little old woman could not divine. A friendtook the poker, and placed it on the bars of thegrate, trying to realize the idea, and make the imagerypalpable. The little old woman paused-mused—and at last the fire burned. She bethought ofthe indignity done to the pulpit, the subject, the doctor,and herself, by so gross a materialization of the'moral lever;' and bursting with indignation, sheasked, 'Do you mean to tell me that Dr. Chalmerswould preach a hate hour about a poker?'—ManchesterExaminer. ManchesterExaminer. 

 This meeting will be held on the 4th of October.We hope the fiends of Prison Reform will generallyattend. The following subjects will be discussed:— 1. A comparison of the advantages and disadvantagesof the separate and congregate systems ofprison government. 2. The best means of securing a uniform methodof reporting prison statistics. 3. The proper length of sentences, and the extantof the discretion that should be conferred openjudges in regard thereto. 4. The best method of supplying the prisonerswith food and clothing. 5. Prison labor to be considered in its rotation tothe separate and congregate systems respectively—Its effects on the habits and morals of the prisoners—its productiveness, etc.—its interference withfree labor, and including the merits of the contractsystem. 6. The imposition of s, and the condition towhich they shall be subjected.  7. The best method of appointing officers, andthe proper tenure of their offices. 8. A comparison of the criminal laws of differentStates and the best means of securing uniformitytherein. 9. The classification of crimes. 10. The use and limits of the pardoning power. 11. The discipline of prisons and the treatment ofprisoners. 12. The organization of county prisons. SENTENCE OF DEATH was pronounced onFriday last, at Catskill, N.Y., on John Kelley,convicted of the murder of Mrs. Lewis, an old residentof Prattaville. He perpetrated the deed forthe sake of robbing his victim of $15. He is orderedto be executed on the 28th of October. ENTENCE OF EATH Private Mails are now in operation betweenSpringfield and New-York, and they are scan to beextended to Boston and Philadelphia. They carryletters free, says the Courier, but charge for the delivery. free DISASTREVR. The Sent, Caroline regimentof Volunteers, which left their home six monthsago, about 800 strong, can now only master open spared by pestilence and war. ISASTREVR.   The Danish post, Anderson, has been invited tovisit the Queen during her stay in the Highlands,and has already left London for Scotland. There is an showed rumor in Dublin that O'Connell,notwithstanding his public funeral, is not deed,but enjoying himself at his villa on lube of Come. Whom virtue is the sun of the soul, peace will beits evening star. 'Disk, where ware you yesterday?' Oh! moving.''What! moving again?' 'Yes, I fd itcheaper to pay a handcartman for moving, than it isto pay rent!'  Esteem is the mother of love, but the daughter isoften older than the mother. When you see a female rise early, get breakfast,and do up her mother's work in season, and thensit down to sew or knit, depend upon it she willmake a good wife. CONVICTS SENT TO THIS COUNTRY. Froma police report in the New-York Tribune, we learnthat a Gorman named Christian Back stein, was arrestednot long since in Utica, for theft, was confessedthat he had beast three times, impressed inGermany for a similar crime, and had been dischargedon condition that he would come to thiscountry. ONVICTS SENT TO THIS OUNTRY. had been dischargedon condition that he would come to thiscountry. The value of the American contributions for Irelandis estimated in money at 300,000 starling.  The quantity of iron produced by Sweden in 1846was 116,165 tons, of which 110,000 were exported. Indian meal has been selling at 12s. 6d. per barrel,or about 7 per ton. The price of a  ofg it 6.     T, Sept, 3d, 1847.  Lamentable Occurrence.—In the course of lastnight,  man was seen on the premises of Mr. Harper,builder, of this city, where he had been watchedby employers of Mr. Harper, for two or threenights previously. Suck watch had been placed inconsequence of Mr. Harper having received lettersthreatening to burn his house and premises. On hisbeing discovered, he was challenged, and us answerbeing given, one of the watchmen shot him down,when matches and combustible materials were foundon his person. He proved to be one Somerset, abrother-in-law of Harper. The inquiry taken placethis morning. Lamentable Occurrence.  s.—Connection.—The Constitutional Conventionof Illinois probably adjourned last Tuesday—The following provisions has been adapted withregard to Duelists: s.—Connection.  'Any person who shall, after the adoption of thisConstitution, fight a duel, or send or accept a challengefor that purpose, or be eider or abettor to fightinga duel, shall be deprived of the right of holdingoffice of honor or profit in this State, and shall bepunished otherwise in such other manner as is ormay be prescribed by law.' The following outrageous clause has been adaptedby a vote of 81 to 31: 'The Legislature shall pass laws with adequatepenalties, preventing the intermarriage of whites andblacks, and no colored person shall ever, under anypretext, hold any office of honor or profit in thisState.—N.Y. Tribune. N.Y. Tribune. James Hellhouge was challenged by a hot headedsouthern member to fight a duel.—He replied thathe would accept the challenge with the greatestpleasure provided his antagonist would have thekindness to wait until he could need home to Connecticutfor his 'skunk gun.' 

 The Principles of Nature, her DivineRevelations, and a Voice to Mankind:By and through ANDREW JACKSONDAVISThe Poughkeepsie Seer and Clairespent. NDREW ACKSON AVIS The Poughkeepsie Seer and Clairespent.  ART HE EY. General remarks on the conditions of society inpast and present times—Causes of evils not visibleon the external of things, but are hidden in thesoul of existing institutions. The interior of allthings is the only 'real Reality'—the external isthe mere transient expression. Rationale of AnimalMagnetism, Clairvoyance, and the source ofthe anther's impressions. Proof of a spiritual existence.Generalizations and reasonings on variouslaws and principles of the Universe. Universal andeternal Motion. Eternal progression of all thingsthrough circular or spiral lines of developement.Universal correspondence or analogy. The 'GreatPositive Mind the Cause, Nature the Effect, andSpirit the Ultimate.' &c., &c., external interior expression. ART HE EVELATION. The original condition of all matters as liquid fire.The great Sun of the'Univercalum' as the Throneor 'Vortex' of Infinite Power and Intelligence. Evolutionof an igneous atmosphere from the GreatCentre, and formation of successive nebulous es,encircling almost the immensity of space. Formationof countless millions of suns from these, withtheir respective planets. The immensity of creation.Laws of planetary motion. Origin and rationalesof Universal Gravitation. Our own solarsystem. Origin of the sun and planets—inhabitantsof the latter. Geological history of the earthminutely traced. Developement of the mineral,vegetable, and animal kingdoms, and Man. Originalsettlement of the nations. Former inhabitantsof Central America, &c. Origin of languages—ofhieroglyphics—of mythological theology—of creedsand institutions that have no foundation in Nature.Former revelations. What is man physically?What is man spiritually? Analysis of the humanfaculties—Laws of their government. The processof death. The Second Sphere, or world of humanexistence. The 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th, or greatspiritual Sun of the Universe and Throne of DivineLove and Wisdom. liquid fire. Univercalum  inhabitants physically spiritual ART HE PPLICATIOIN. Analysis of society. Discuses of the grant socialBody. Corruptions of institutions—disunities—universalconflicts of interests and consequent vice.The REMEDY. The law of universal association,affinity, or gravitation, applicable to Man as to allother things in the Universe. A natural situation adaptedto every person, and a person adapted to everynatural situation. Mankind organized to correspondto the planetary system, or the Universe; i.e.,each one gravitating to his own congenial employment,climate, association. &c., &c., and laboringin the sphere which he is qualified to fill. The transition-processof social reorganization, and the firstand subsequent steps to be taken by farmers, mechanics,manufacturers, lawyers, physicians, andclergymen. Society as it will be ere long. TheNEW HEAVEN and NEW EARTH, &c. Analysis of society. EMEDY. gravitation Man For sale at the office of the Prisoner's Friend. 

 W.B.L. keeps constantly on hand a good assortment,and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attentionpaid to custom-made work, by Masers Parker &Davis. New-Bedford, June l. 

 EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by the RevAlexander Cromwell, and a POEM ON FREEDOM, by Mr. Charles L. Reason. This ablepamphlet, by two of the colored literati of New-York,is now for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 21Cornhill, at the reduced price of 12 1-2 cents percopy. 

 THE undersigned, gratefully appreciating the creditgenerously awarded by a discerning public tohis success as a Hydropathic Practitioner, would suspectfullyinform the friends of Hydropathy, thathis establishment is pleasantly situated near Benson ville,on the west bank of the Licking Water, orMill River, about two and a half miles from the centreof the town. It is 36 by 70 feet, three storieshigh, with a piazza on the South side. There areseparate parlors, bathing and dressing rooms, forladies and gentlemen. There are also twenty lodgingrooms, each of which is well ventilated, and convenientlyfurnished for the accommodation of twopersons. Among the variety of baths in the establishmentare, the plunge, douche, drenchee, andspray baths. The ladies' plunge is 6 by 10 feet,3 l-2 deep,—the gentlemen, 8 by 12, and 3 1-2 deep.There are also two cold douches, one of which issituated a mile, and the other half a mile from theestablishment. The former has a fall of 22 feet, thelatter, 18. The scenery in this vicinity is picturesqueand romantic. There are a variety of pleasantwalks passing near and to springs of pure water.The walks are sufficiently retired to allow water-curepatients to appear as they should, plainly dressed,enjoying their rambles, without being exposedto public gaze or observation. Since daily experience,for the last three years, has strengthened hisopinion, that the condition of the skin clearly indicatesthe character of many diseases, and the abilityor inability of an invalid to bear the water treatmentin its varied forms; also the necessity of applyingthe dry woollen blanket, or the wet sheet, to promoteevaporation or n sweat, when either may be necessary;and from the results which have attended hisapplication of the treatment, be hesitates not to say,that the electric symptom of the skin indicates vitalityor power, and that an invalid whose skin is notattended with this symptom, cannot be safely orsuccessfully treated with water. Among the complaintswhich are here successfully treated, arepalmary affection, liver complaints jaundice, acuteor chronic inflammation of the bowels, piles, dyspepsia,general debility, nervous and spinal affections,inflammatory or chronic rheumatics, neuralgin, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt rheum,scrofulous and erysipelas humors. ability inability electric vitality power All patients who visit this establishment for acourse of treatment, should furnish themselveswith three comfortables, three wollen blankets, onelinen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases, sixcrash towels, some well-worn linen to cut for fomentations,an old cloak or mantle, and a syringe.* * Terms for treatment and beard are $5,50 perweek, for those who occupy reasons on the third flour—on the first and second floors, $6,00 per week,payable weekly,—washing extra. A patient, whofrom choice or necessity occupies a room alone, onthe third floor, Will pay $8,00 per week—on thefirst and second floors, $8,50 per week. Invalidswho are so feeble as to need extra attention and firein their rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) willprocure their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extraprice. D. RUGGLES. NORTHAMPTON, AUG. 1847. ORTHAMPTON UG. N.B.—The afflicted, desirous of being examinedin regard to their complaints, and of ascertaining theadaptedness of the water-cure in their particularcase should call on Tuesdays and Fridays. D.R. *This instrument may be obtained at the establishment. *This instrument may be obtained at the establishment. 

