 Held pursuant to a resolution adopted at the recent New-EnglandAnti-Slavery Convention, Held pursuant to a resolution adopted at the recent New-EnglandAnti-Slavery Convention Will continue with meetings at the followingnamed places:— Saturday Evening and Sunday, Nov. 2 and 3. Saturday Evening and Sunday, Nov. 2 and 3. ☞To be attended by STRIMAN S. and AEFY K.FOSTER. TRIMAN EFY OSTER. 

 The Fourteenth Annual Meeting of the Rhode IslandAnti-Slavery Society will be held in Providence,in Mechanics Hall, on Wednesday and Thursday,November 13th and 14th, commencing at 10 o'clock,A.M. Distinguished advocates of emancipation from otherStores have been invited to be with us, and it isexpected their presence on this occasion will add tothe interest of the meetings. What now we ask is an earnest and faithful responsefrom the people of our own State, who profess abhorrenceof the constantly increasing evils of Americanslavery—evils that are every day developing themselvesin some now phase in the moral, social and politicalcommunities in which they move, and forwhose existence no man or woman in our State maydeny their proper share of responsibility. It is not atime when we may properly shrink from the dutyour reason points to, and which our long cherishedfaith makes binding upon us. The hounds of theslave-gang are upon the track of the fugitive, armedwith the weapons of the law, and eager for their triumphs,which only fiends can about over—the triumphsof Slavery and its curses and its chains, overthe Liberty which makes life a boon worthy of thanks-giving,and which some few of the dark sons of Africahave been so fortunate as to purchase for themselvesand their wives and children. If we havehearts and remember the professions we have made,we shall not fail to come together on this occasion,and utter, in noble and earnest language, our detestationof an unrighteous law, and our determination toremember, in his hour of trial, the hunted fugitivefrom the South's dark prison-house, as well as thosewho still clank the heavy and galling chains of Americanservitude. In behalf of the Rhode Island A.S. Society, JOHN BROWN, President. President. AMERICAN PAINE, Secretary. MERICAN AINE Secretary. Providence, Oct. 8th, 1650. 

 ☞TERMS—$2 50 per annum, in advance. ERMS ☞All remittances are to be made, and all letters to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent.  ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞Advertisements making less than a square insertedthree times for 75 cts,—one square for $1 00. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania and Ohio Anti-Slavery Societies are authorizedto receive subscriptions for the Liberator. F,—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLISGarrisons, EDMUNDQUINCY, SAMUEL PHILLERICK,WENDELL . [This Committee is responsible for the financial economy of the paper—not forsay of its debts.]   RANCIS ACKSON LLIS DMUND UINCY AMUEL HILLERICK ENDELL   

 The sixth course of Lectures before the Salem FemaleAnti-Slavery Society, comprising eight in number,will be delivered on successive SUNDAY evenings,at Lyceum Hall, at 7 o' clock. The remainderof the course will be delivered by the following gentlemen,viz:— Table  Table  ☞Tickets for the course, 37 1-2cts. Single Lecture,6 1-4cts. E.J. KENNY, Rac, Sec. Rac, Sec. 

 THE V.S. CONSTITUTION 'A COVENAET WITH DEATHAND AN AGREENMENT WITH .'  ☞'Yes! it cannot be deuced—the slaveholdinglords of the South prescribed, as a condition of theirmeant to the Constitution,  special proficient tosecure the perpetually of their dominion over theirslaves. The first was the immunity, for twenty years,of preserving the African slave trade; the second wasthe stipulation to surrender fugitive slaves—an engagementpositively prohibited by the laws of God,delivered from Sinai; and, thirdly, the exaction, fatalto the principles of popular representation, of a representationfor slaves—for articles of merchandize, underthe name of persons... To call government thus constitutiondemocracy, is to insult the understanding ofmankind. It is doubly tainted with the infection ofriches and slavery. Its reciprocal operation upon thegovernment of the nation is to establish as artificialmajority in the slave representation over that of thefree people, in the American Congress, and therebyto make the PRESERVATION. PROPAGATIONAND PERPETUATION OF SLAVERY THE VITALAND ANIMATING SPIRIT OF THE NATIONALGOVERNMENT:—JOHN QUINCY ADAMS.  OHN UINCY DAMS. 

 ADIN BALLOU will preach in the Town Hall onSunday, Nov. 10, at the usual hours, on the subject ofPeace, and at 6 o' clock in the Universalist Church,upon Slavery and the Constitution. DIN ALLOU 

 In the Boston , a few weeks since, appearedthe following letter, which, for cool effrontery and, has never been suppressed:—   BOSTON, 7th Sept, 1850. To  Quincy, Socialist, and James Russell Lowell,, 'Corresponding Editors' of the National Anti-SlaveryStandard. To  Quincy, Socialist, and James Russell Lowell,, 'Corresponding Editors' of the National Anti-SlaveryStandard.   GENTLEMEN— ENTLEMEN I acknowledge the honor you have done me insending to me your paper of the 5th instant, in whichyou allude to my sending back a slave to New Orleans. It would have been as well for you to havestreet the whole facts as they were, without garbling;but that is not what might be expected from such deprecated scions as you are; and as you did notthose to state facts, I will do for you. The slave secreted himself on board the ship, andwas not discovered until she was six days at sea.Not finding it convenient to land him in any slaveState, he was brought into this harbor with the intentionedsending him back by the first vessel, whichwas accomplished, notwithstanding the array of armsand steamseals to prevent it. Had not that beendoes, the prison of New Orleans would have beenthe resting-place of the master, whenever he returnedto that port, or went into any slave State. I didnot wish to place an innocent mariner in that position,but if either of you, or any of your one idea associates,—say Wendell Phillips, Stephen C. Phillips,Garrison, Sewali, or any of your prominent political—will not as master of any ship, at doublethe usual sates of wages, with the understanding thatin case they bring away any slaves, they are to returnto the part, and try the experiment of slave Statelaws, I will do my best to give you such an opportunity. armsand steamseals one idea associates,—  What you say of 'the trappings and suit of wo'upon my house, on the day of the ceremonies ofPresident Taylor's funeral, does not disturb me. I with you had hearts and sympathies such as the ones have, who decorated my house at that time.   You also connect Mr. Webster and his last speechwith the 'Kidnapping' and sending the slave back', true-hearted, upright and at New Orleans.' I wish as good a could be given of you and your associates.It is not the first time that my name has been broughtbefore the public in your paper and other kindredpaints, in connection with this noble and true America,and defender of our Constitution. On his visitingthis city, last spring, you did me the honor of appointingme Chief Marshal, under the title of 'KidnapperPearson.' It would be grateful to me to actin any capacity, to do honor to him, or any other man, his giant intellect and sterling patriotism. ', true-hearted, upright and     In another of your letters, I am charged with being to D.H. Pearson, who was hung.' If I hadthe  to derive satisfaction from a slur uponsayman's family connections, I might utter somethingwhich would cause a blush in one of you, if any onewho is in the habit of writing slander and abuse everyday could be made to blush at all. Now, this DanielII. Pearson, whom I never saw in my life, was nomore my cousin than he was yours, although it is notof much importance who is a man's cousin, brother,father or grandfather,—and it is frequently the casethat the children of the honored and wealthy are livingmovements of disgrace and mortification. Theeasy point is for each one of us to attend to thatwriter within his own breast, and be sure that alla night there. If it is, he has nothing to fear fromslanderous publications; but those who live in glass careful how they throw stones.    Yours, &c., JNO.H. PEARSON. Mr. Pearson is a merchant of this city, largely concernedin the Southern. trade, which he is pursuingat the cost of his soul. In the estimation of all trulyhonorable and upright men, he has forfeited all to the respect and confidence of the community,and made his memory infamous to posterity.  ☞Here are two advertisements, which we copyfrom the Wellington (N.C.) Journal, of Oct. 18th—both published in accordance with the law of theState. Harry, a slave, having left his tyrannical master,is commanded to return home instanter—otherwise,any person is authorized to kill and destroy him,without accusation or impeachment!! The owner ofHarry, it will be observed, coolly offer twenty-fivedollars more for his head, than for his capture and returnalive, unharmed—solely to gratify his devilish!! And this in our Christian country! his head   EW ANOVER OUNTY.. WHEREAS, complaint upon oath hath this daybeen made to us, two of the Justices of the Peace forthe State and county aforesaid, by Guildford Horn,of Edgecombe County, that a certain male slave belongingto him, named HARRY, a carpenter bytrade, about 40 years old, 5 feet 5 inches high, orthereabouts, yellow complexion, stout built, with arear on his left leg, {from the cut of an axe,} hasvery thick lips, eyes deep sunk in his head, foreheadvery square, tolerably loud voice, has lost one or twoof his upper teeth, and has a very dark spot on hisjaw, supposed to be a mark—hath absented himselffrom his master's service, and is supposed to be lurkingabout in this county, committing acts of felonyor other misdeeds: These are, therefore, in thename of the State aforesaid, to command said slaveforthwith to surrender himself, and return home tohis said master; and we do hereby, by virtue of theAct of Assembly in such cases made and provided,intimate and declare that it said slave Harry dothnot surrender himself, and return home immediatelyafter the publication of these presents, that any personor persons may NILL and DESTROY the said slaveby such means as he or they may think fit, withoutaccusation or impeachment of any crime or offencefor so doing, and without incurring any penalty orforfeiture thereby. HEREAS ARRY Given under our hands and seals, this 29th day of June, 1850. JAMES T. MILLER, J.P.[Seal.] W.C. BETTENCOUT, J.P.[Seal.] ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARSREWARD will be paid for the delivery of the saidHARRY to me at Tonsott Depot, Edgecombe county,or for his confinement in any jail in the State, sothat I can get him; or One Hundred and Fifty Dollars will be given for his HEAD NE UNDRED AND WENTY-FIVE OLLARS EWARD He was lately heard from in Newborn, where hecalled himself Henry Barnes(or Burns,) and will belikely to continue the same name, or assume that ofCoppage of Farmer. He has a free mulatto womanfor a wife, by the name of Sally Bozeman, who haslately removed to Wilmington, and lives in that partof the town called Texas, where he will likely belurking. Masters of vessels are particularly cautionedagainst harboring, or concealing said negro on boardtheir vessels, as the full penalty of the law will berigorously enforced. GUILFORD HORN. June 29th, 1850—[43-if] 

 ☞W.M. FERNALD is giving a course of Lectures,Sunday afternoons, at Washingtonian Hall, 21 Broomfieldstreet, on the subject of psychology—embracingthe phenomena of dreaming, somnambulism, trance,presentiments, premonitions, warnings, impressions,magnetism, clairvoyance,(natural and artificial,)spiritual communication and vision. Illustrated bymany historical and psychological facts. Seats free. ERNALD psychology He will receive calls for these lectures in the neighboringtowns. 

 Debate in the U.S. Senate on the Amendment of Mr.Seward to the Slave Trade Bill, providing for theAbolition of Slavery in the District of Columbia. [concluded.] Mr. EWINO. I do not, myself, Mr. President, givemuch weight in legislation to ordinary letters,whether they be anonymous, or vouched for by respectablenames. they amount, in general, to littlemore than a mere statement of the information oropinion of the individual, very frequently foundedupon no facts whatever, or upon few facts, with muchinference. I should have given very little weight,beyond the single case stated as occurring withinthe actual knowledge of the writer, to the letter introducedby the Senator from Massachusetts, if ithad called forth no comments and no contradiction.But, at the same time, I do not think a Senator liableto any just reproach or harsh animadversions, forintroducing a letter into the Senate, especially if hetakes care to say that he does not vouch for the truthof its statements: Indeed, the Senator from Massachusettshad a worthy precedent near at band fordealing in this kind of evidence. Why, sir, it isbut a very few days, perhaps I should rather sayweeks, since, in debate here, the Senator from Georgia(Mr. Berrien) introduced and read in the Senate,a letter from California, written by a respectablegentleman to another respectable gentleman, thenames of neither of whom that honorable Senatorsaw fit to give; on the authority of which letter, thehonorable Senator thought paper to insist, in a verydirect and emphatic manner, that the military officersand diplomatic agents of the Government had deludedthe people of California into the adoption ofthe anti-slavery proviso in their Constitution. Thehonorable Senator from Georgia did not vouch forthat statement at all. He argued from it, he reasonedfrom it, as though he believed the statement,he still dwelt upon it with no diminished emphasis:and his speech, which has since been published,shows that he felt himself authorized to treat it asa fact proved. I took care then to advise the honorableSenator that the statement was without foundation,and I now say, as I then said, though inmore emphatic terms, that every word of it, whichcharges such interference on that question, is false.Yet I imputed then, and now impute nothing to theSenator from Georgia unworthy of his character andstation; not at all. But, certainly, he stood in nomore favorable situation than does the Senator fromMassachusetts, whom he animadverts upon with somuch severity now, for having introduced a letter,the name of the writer of which he gave us,and for whose statements he declared he did notvouch. WINO. Mr. BERRIEN. This is a personal assault, whichrequires a word from me. ERRIEN. Mr. EWING. It is no assault at all, but a merenarrative of what occurred here but a few weeks ago. WING. Mr. BERRIEN. It is the lamest and most impotentattempt at an analogy that ever was presentedto the consideration of a body of intelligent men.I introduced a letter. I was not called upon for thename of the water. I said it was a letter addressedby a respectable citizen of Baltimore, formerly, to amember of this Senate, who would vouch for hisrespectability. Now, sir, is there any analogy betweenthese two cases? I did believe, upon the testimonywhich I had received, that that letter was entitledto credit; and I argued from it as so entitled.But with respect to the statement which the Senatorfrom Ohio contests, it is a statement of a fact whichcould not have been within the knowledge of theSenator from Ohio, but of which the writer of thatletter might have had personal knowledge. Consequently,notwithstanding the contradiction of theSenator from Ohio, that letter remains as evidence,with the credit of a letter vouched for in the manner.I have stated. I take the responsibility of avowingmy belief in the truths stated in that letter. I did soat the time; I do so now. I did it upon the authorityto which I have referred, and which I stated tothe Senate. Whenever any Senator shall present aletter or other paper, giving reference to the authorityupon which he relies for giving credence to it,then he will be in the condition in which I waswhen I presented the letter to which the Senatorfrom Ohio alludes, not in that of the Senator fromMassachusetts. ERRIEN. Mr. EWING. One word more with respect to thatletter. If my memory  me, it stood preciselyin the same situation in which the honorable Senatorplaces the memorial of the ship-owners and ship-mastersof Boston, which the honorable Senator saysis no evidence whatsoever, because they had no personalknowledge of what they stated. The writerof that letter, if I am not mistaken, and if I am, theSenator can current me, was not in California at thetime the Constitution was formed. I may be incorrectas to that fact, but my impression is, that hewas not, and that he does not say that he from personal knowledge. Besides, sir, the onlyperson representing the government in California, asis well known, and is known to the Senator fromGeorgia, was a distinguished gentleman from hishis own State,(Mr. T. Butler King,) who has denied,in most express terms, in a card published byhimself, that he had ever said one single word uponthe subject of the restriction of slavery to a humanbeing in California. That denial was published beforethe Senator read the letter to the Senate. WING.   Mr. BERRIEN. That denial was published, I presume.I have not seen it. I take it on the statementof the Senator from Ohio. But the statementto which I referred was in the debates in the Conventionof California, and mode by a member of thatbody. ERRIEN. Mr. EWINE. No such statement was made there. WINE. Mr. BERRIEN. Not about a convention withthat gentleman? ERRIEN. Mr. EWING. Not at all, with respect to the matterin question. WING. Mr. BERRIEN. Was there no conversation withthat agent, in which he requested that they wouldinclude the whole, in order to remove difficulty inthe way of legislation on this subject? ERRIEN. Mr. EWING. Oh! certainly. WING. Mr. BERRIEN. Which unquestionably had referenceto that. ERRIEN. Mr. EWING. That is not the subject in controversybetween us. I said not a word about theboundaries of California. WING. Mr. BUTLER. I certainly have no angry feelingabout this controversy; but the Senate will bear mewitness, that this is the fifth: time that this law ofSouth Carolina has been introduced by the Senatorsfrom Massachusetts, with a view to pronounce theircensure and condemnation of it, upon the groundthat it is inhuman, and that it is treating this blackrace in a way not contemplated by the Constitution,and repugnant to the feelings of the extremely sentimentalpeople. [Laughter.] Now, Sir, I did not introducethe subject, but I rise to say, on this occasion,that if Massachusetts, or all the other States Northof the Potomac, suppose that by any legislation herethey can compel, or under duress law induce SouthCarolina to give up this police right of regulatingthis class of persons, they are vastly mistaken; forSouth Carolina will never give it up. Moreover,sir, I do not think that those complaints of the wayin which these beings are regarded comes with avery good grace from Massachusetts. Why, howdoes one of their Reverend, grave writers, Dr.Belcamp say that the negro children are regardedthere? [Laughter.] He says— UTLER. 'Negro children were reckoned as an incumbrancein a family; and when weaned, were given away likepuppies. [Laughter.] They have been publicly advertisedin the newspapers, "to be given away."'[Renewed laughter.] Mr. WINTHROP. How many years ago was that? INTHROP. Mr. BUTLER. It was in 1780, I believe. UTLER. Mr. WINTEROROh! INTEROR Mr. BUTLER. I will say to the Senator fromMassachusetts, that I have a very great respect forhis ancestors. Yet, though I have a great respectfor that Senator himself also, I do not believe thathe is any wiser or better than his ancestor who landedon Plymouth rock.[Laughter.] UTLER. Mr. WINTHROP. I wish I was half as good. Butthe Senator is slightly mistaken as to dates. My ancestordid not land at Plymouth rock at all; he cameover, ten years afterwards, to Salem. INTHROP. Mr. BUTLER. Well, I was only showing you howyour ancestors regarded these creatures. With regardto the witness whom the Senator from Massachusettshas produced here—this man Ranlett—Ihad a conversation with a gentleman coming fromthe navy yard this morning, and he said he had nodoubt if there was any truth in the story, this manRanlett went into Charleston with the negroes forsalvage, and finding if he took the negroes out hewould have to divide it, he left them there, and tookit all to himself. [Laughter.] UTLER. Mr. WINTHROP. And I have conversed to-daywith two gentlemen, who say that they know CaptainRanlett, and they testify that he is a captain of highrespectability and intelligence. One of them saysthat he now owns his own ship, and is just about tosail on a voyage on his own behalf. I only hope hewill not have gone before he has an opportunity ofexplaining this matter for himself. INTHROP. Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, I will detain theSenate but a few moments with what I have to say.I regret that the debate which has sprung up, collaterally,with the subject of this bill, has, in some partsof it, at least, been characterized with unnecessaryharshness towards my colleague. I must say that Ido not think it an unreasonable proposition, on thepart of Massachusetts, to ask for the judicial decisionof a question of constitutional right. I think,on the contrary, it is what cannot, in any just exerciseof power, be denied. This right is not derived,as some Senators seem to suppose, from any thingcontained in any State Constitution. It is secured,if secured at all to the party, by the Constitution ofthe United States, and by that instrument alone. Ifit has no foundation there, it has none anywhere.And it is the trial of that right, by the tribunal prescribedby law, which the State of Massachusettshas sought, and nothing more. It follows, as a matterof course, that that right is in no way dependentupon State Constitutions. It is in no way dependentupon the emigration laws of Louisiana, which havebeen referred to. It is in no way dependent uponany police regulations which may exist anywhere.But these police laws, if they interfere with theConstitution of the United States, and deprive usof any right therein secured, are unlawful. Thisis the point to be settled, and it is surprising thatthere should be any opposition to it. AVIS Sir, I have heard with some astonishment thequestion of fact in this matter brought into doubt.here. There can be no question whatever about it.The State of Massachusetts did not proceed in thismatter without evidence before her to satisfy her allthe point. She had, without doubt, evidence whichsatisfied her legislature, and the other branches ofher government, that complaints of this descriptionwere well founded, and she took measures accordingly.Well, Sir, she sent an agent to Charleston.The people of Carolina are an honorable and high-mindedpeople, and what did they do? Every oneknows that they did not question the facts. TheSenator from South Carolina himself does not denythem. Our agent laid before the Governor of SouthCarolina the purport of his mission. The Governordid not deny the existence of such a law. He didnot deny or question the alleged. He did notdeny that there was a prison there for the purpose,and that these colored persons were confined in it.But treating the statement as well founded, he laidthe whole subject before the Legislature of the State,alleging that it was an attempt to interfere with thelaws of the State, and the Legislature took steps toprevent the decision of this question by judicial tribunals.Well. Sir, if there had been no foundationfor these complaints, as some gentlemen seem tosuppose, there might have been a very plain answergiven. That agent might have been told, 'You havecome here upon a complaint that has no foundation;you have no real cause for legal or any other controversy,as these things which you allege as a grievancenever take place; you may go into court if youcan find a case to found a complaint upon.' Sir,they took no such course as that, but on the contrary,they opposed obstacles which proved insuperableto legal process. But I need not repeat these facts.The Senator from South Carolina (Mr. Butler) admits,if I understand him, that they are to as extenttrue, though not to so great an extent as some suppose.The same thing is substantially true of Louisiana.The honorable Senator from that State (Mr,Soulu) only argues from laws which he adduces, thatit is impossible that these things should take place.If, however, these practices do exist, his argumentwould prove they are unsupported by law, whichwould only make them the more objectionable. Mr. SOULE. I deny moat positively that they canor do take place. OULE. Mr. DAVIS. I can see that the Senator draws aconclusion, which conclusion is tantamount to a denial;but then he must admit that, under the lawswhich he has read, a person of this description, afterhe has been in the State thirty days, is subject tothis confinement. Now, I will not enter into anycontroversy with the Senator from Louisiana, as Ihave no time to look into the laws of that State, butI will take an opportunity to do it, and I think I canshow that in the cases where these individuals havebeen imprisoned in Louisiana, it has been done undersome law there. At least, I am unwilling to believeotherwise. That it has been done in Louisianaadmits in any opinion, of no doubt. There areample proofs of it, according to my information, andI have no doubt, they can be obtained. Well, sir, thesame thing happened in Louisiana did not say to thegentleman who went from Massachusetts, 'This isan unfounded complaint; it is untrue is itself; Youhave no cause to come here to redress imaginarywrong; your citizens have not been imprisoned.'That would have been a full and complete answer;but no such answer was made. On the contrary, thesubject was communicated to the Legislature fortheir consideration. I do not men to impute anyintentional misstatement or error to the Senator fromLouisiana, but I think it will turn out that there issome law or authority which has been overlooked,or some existing practice or regulation; for that theseamen sailing from the North have been seized andimprisoned at New Orleans admits of no doubt whatever,unless we have all been misled by evidencewhich we felt authorized to credit. However, Mr.President, I will dismiss the subject, for I am anxiousnot to detain the Senate in regard to it, since itwas fully discussed on a former day. AVIS. And now, sir, I wish to add a few words in relationto the amendment proposed by the Senator fromNew York, [Mr. Seward] This amendment is presentedat a moment and under circumstances that Iregret. I am sorry that the Senator from New Yorkthought it to be his duty to ask the attention of theSenate to the subject in this connection. I havenone of the difficulty which exists in the minds ofmany gentlemen here, with regard to the power ofCongress to deal with slavery in this District. Ihave no doubt in my mind that Congress has fullConstitutional power and authority to emancipate theslaves—none whatever. The grant of power is interms too broad, clear and ample to admit of doubt.For one, I should rejoice to see it done; and underother and less objectionable circumstances, I wouldgive my support to a bill for that purpose, providedit gave ample security to all the rights of all the partiesconcerned. I have, on other occasions, givenproofs of the sincerity of the opinion. And whileI say that I should have no difficulty in doingit, candor concepts me to admit that if I considered,as many gentlemen here do, that it could reasonablybe regarded as an aggression upon theirconstitutional rights, or an invasion of these rights,or that it would be an example that must necessarilybe pernicious to them; I should forbear from doingit. But, in my view of the subject, I do not seethat any such consequences as have been suggestedcould result from it; and therefore I should act uponit as if those objections had not been made. But, sir, I do not think that the proposition of theSenator from New York, under the circumstanceswhich exist, commends itself to our support; and Iwill state in a very few words my reasons for notsustaining it. In the first place, the objection whichmy colleague makes to it is sound and unanswerable.He says that it may be the means of defeating thebill for the abolition of the slave trade, which we yethope will take a form acceptable to us. He objects,because it displaces that bill by striking it out, andleaving no provision for the abolition of the slavetrade, and then, if he proposition to emancipate theslaves should prove unacceptable to the people of theDistrict, who are by the terms of the bill to decidewhether they will agree to its provision, the law becomesa nullity, and the slave trade will be left tobe prosecuted as it now is. That, in my opinion, isa very serious objection, as I believe the chances areequal at least that the people will reject the law. Icannot abandon a measure so earnestly desired bythe public as the abolition of the slave trade upon souncertain a contingency of a greater good. But theSenator from New York will pardon me for saying,that the bill itself introduced by him is a crude andill-digested measure, full of imperfections. It doesnot make proper provisions to secure the rights of allparties. It turns, as my colleague justly observed,those persons who are now bound to slavery over tofreedom, without having any means whatever of supportingthemselves. Old and young, sick and well,are, by a dash of the pen, to be turned naked anddestitute into the streets, without the slightest provisionto save them from starvation. There ought tobe some just, suitable and proper provision made uponthat point, to save them at least from crime andsuffering, as there are many persons in this conditionincompetent to provide for themselves so suddenly.In doing a humane act, let us not lose sight of humanity.There ought to be many provisions, in relationto a object so complicated as this is, which I do notfind in this bill, in order to do justice to all the partiesconcerned. The number should first be officiallyascertained, and enough should be known of theircondition and ability to provide for their physicalnecessities to enable us to judge what such anemergency demands of us. We know that a slaveis incapable of holding property, and the momentemancipation takes place, the obligation of the masterto provide for him ceases. While the bill isobviously too defective in this particular to becomea law, it also fails to make any suitable provision forthe indemnity of the masters. It proposes to appropriatetwo hundred thousand dollars, without anyestimate of the value of the slaves, and to leave thewhole matter to the discretion of the Secretary of theInterior, without providing any mode for determiningthe question which must arise. It may well be doubtedwhether such a provision is constitutional, as thereis no provision for a jury to ascertain the damages indisputed cases, nor in fact any provision for bringingany question before the courts; but, whether constitutionalor not, it is too imperfect to stand the testof security. The bill is alike imperfect in other respects;but I shall not enter further into the discussionin order to point them out—those advertedto are fatal. While, therefore, I am in favor of theprinciple, I cannot support this amendment. I believeno one who has advocated the principle is satisfiedwith the proposed amendment. Even the mover isso conscious of a tendency to defeat the slave trademeasure, that he has asked leave to withdraw it, inorder that we may have an opportunity to pass thatbill, if we can out it into an acceptable form. Thisprivilege, I regret to say, has been denied; and aswe must vote upon the amendment under the circumstanceswhich exist, I feel myself compelled tovote against it. It was not my purpose to do morethan to notice some of the leading objections, thatmy vote might not be misunderstood. Mr. DOUGLAS. My own State has been frequentlyreferred to in this debate as containing a provisionin her Constitution similar to the one complained ofin South Carolina, Louisiana, and other States. Illinoishas a provision in her Constitution, making it theduty of the Legislature to provide efficient means forkeeping all negroes from coming into the State, whowere not natives of, or residents in, the State at thetime of the adoption of that instrument. Here, then,is a clear case of legislation of this description in afree State, and I would much rather see this controversygoing on between two free States of theUnion, then to see it made a sectional question betweena slave and a free State. We, too, have aconstitutional provision upon this subject, and beforethat constitutional provision was adopted by an overwhelmingmajority of our people—it having beensubmitted to the people separately, and independentof the balance of the Constitution, so as to get anexpectation of the popular value on the subject—before that provision with adopted, our laws permittedthat if it negro —his to produce a  much to go his authority has goodbehavior, and in the  of his failing scarify, he  for our if at the end of the year he still failed to give it, hewas hired out for another year; and so on until hecould find some white person to go security for hisgood behavior, and that he would not become acharge upon the public. Such has been the legislationof my own State from the time she was first admittedinto the Union, and I presume it has been thesame in other free States. These provisions wererigidly enforced; and now, when I hear that Massachusettscannot get a trial of the constitutionalquestion involved in that legislation, I will assure theSenators from that State that, if they will come toIllinois, we will furnish them all facilities to test theconstitutional question. We are willing to have theright tested, so far as we are concerned. The trial,then, can take place between two free States of theUnion, where there will be no sectional prejudices,no hostile feelings incited, and where we can have afair trial upon the constitutional questions involved.We believed that we have a right to pass all thoselaws that we deem necessary to the quiet and peaceof our own community. These laws are passedamong us as police regulations; they are executedas such. There is no difficulty in having a trialthere, and an appeal to the Supreme Court of theUnited States; and then we can see whether wehave this right or not. We believe that we have theright. We border upon slave States upon two sides.We do not wish to make our State an asylum for allthe old and decrepit and broken down negroes thatmay emigrate or be sent into it. We desire everyother State to take care of her own negroes, whetherfree or slave, and we will take care of ours. Thatlaw was adopted for the purpose of preventing otherStates inundating and colonizing Illinois with freenegroes. We do not believe it to be wise and politicto hold out inducements for that class of peopleto come and live among us. Those who have beenborn in the State, or who were resident there at thetime of the enactment of these laws, are protected inthe enjoyment of all their civil rights; but they arenot placed upon an equality with the whites. Theyare not permitted to serve on juries, or in the militia,or to vote at elections; or to exercise any other politicalrights. They are recognized as inhabitants, andprotected as such in the enjoyment of all their rightsof person and properly. Whilst we protect thosewho are there, and their posterity, we do not intendto be inundated by colonies of negroes from otherStates, sent to us in order to get rid of the trouble ofthem at home. OUGLAS.         It is for this reason that Illinois has adopted thissystem of legislation, and, having adopted it, we donot desire to insist on it, unless it is consistent withthe Constitution of the United States. We are willingto have that question tested. We invite anygentleman who deems it right to oppose these lawsto bring his suit. We will furnish him all facilitiesfor having the question decided, and then we shallknow whether the right exists or not. I would muchhave preferred that this question should have arisenbetween two of the free States of the Union, wherethere would have been no prejudices or sectionaljealousies, or other improper motives to enter into itto bias our judgments and excite our passions, thanto see it arrayed here as one of the sectional questionsbetween the North and the South. 

 The subscriber respectfully intimates that he is nowprepared to enter upon Lecturing Managements isany part of the United States. His stock of Chemical Apparatus is extensive; andspecially adapted for illustrating Popular Lectures.Every Lecture will be profusely interspersed withappropriate Experiments. The subscriber may alsobe allowed to state, that he has been engaged inlecturing to the Athenaeums, Lyceums and Mechanics'Institutions of Scotland during the last 7 years. Testimonials and Certificates of ability may be had,and Terms learned, by applying (letters post paid) to W.S. BROWN,Prof. of Chemistry and Anatomy,Hopedale, Milford, Mass. 

 Mr. J.G. Whittier of Essex county, Massachusetts,who was selected by the Democrats and Abolitionistsof that district, as a candidate for their piebaldSenatorial ticket, has declared that dubioushonor. In his reply to the nomination, he says ofthe Fugitive Slave Law— So far as that is concerned, I am a NULLIFIES. Byno act, countenance or consent of mine, shall thathateful law be enforced in Massachusetts. Mr. Whittier, as some of our readers may know,is a man who writes pretty rhymes, and tells a prettysentimental story, but has about as enlarged andenlightened a judgment of politics as any old damethat knits stockings in a chimney-corner. To hearsuch men talk of nullification, is like seeing littleboys with wooden swords playing soldier. The example,however, of Mr. Whittier's childish bubble,may serve as a warning to some people who have notyet arrived at such folly, but are fast approaching it.The Free Soil and Abolition doctrines, as now expoundedand acted upon among us, lead to nothingelse but nullification. Josiah Quincy's letter leadsto nullification; the spirit, temper and language ofsundry Whig papers in this neighborhood lead tonullification. The difference between these casesand that of Mr. Whittier is, that he has gone into itwith a hop, skip and a jump, under the influence ofan infantile simplicity that is unable to foresee consequences,while the Whig and Free Soil agitatorsare sliding into the black gulf of nullification by degrees,and willfully shutting their eyes to the dismalprospect before them. Let the folly of such simpletonsas Mr. Whittier be a warning to them. Theyhave not yet dared to utter as he has, the word 'nullification,'but the word is near them, even in their mouth.They would recoil with horror at this moment, perhaps,from the open avowal of such atrocious politicalheresy, but the path they are treading is perilousand slippery. Let them stop before they find themselvesin the doctrines of sedition and anarchy— Stepped in so far that, should they wade no more,Returning were as tedious as go o'er.  ☞The 'nullification' of Mr. Whittier was 'madeeasy' by the Apostles, eighteen hundred years ago,who declared—'We ought to obey God rather thanman'—'Whether it be right, in the sight of God, tohearken unto men more than unto God, Judge ye.'It was also 'made easy' at a much earlier period byDaniel, and those who disregarded the decree of Darius.Also by the 'noble army of martyrs and conferees,'in every age. It is loyalty to goodness. 

 THE success of this Company is unprecedented. Ithas, as yet, met with no loss, and on the FIRSTOF JULY NEXT will credit to its LIFE MEMBERS HE no loss IFE EMBERS 100 Per Cent, of its Profits.! The advantages offered by this Company, to personsholding its LIFE POLICIES, over those of theSTOCK, or MIXED Companies—which divide onlya portion (35, 50, 70, or 80 per cent.) of their profits—are apparent from the above announcement. a portion their Persons desirous of availing themselves of the approachingdividend, are respectfully invited to makeapplication at once. DIRECTORS. ABBDOTT LAWRENCE, Boston, BBDOTT AWRENCE ELBA WHITE, New York, LBA HITE DANIEL SHARP, Jr., Boston, ANIEL HARP HENRY CROCKER, Boston, ENRY ROCKER GEO, C. COLLINS, N. York, EO OLLINS ELISHA B. PBATT, Boston, LISHA BATT JOHN D. LANO, Maine, OHN ANO CHARLES JONES, Maine, HARLES ONES JOS. H. WILLIAMS, Me. OS. ILLIAMS GEORGE DCDLEY, Conn. EORGE CDLEY HONATIOHARRRS, Boston ONATIOHARRRS W. HAVILNOS, Boston. AVILNOS E.B. PRATT, President. President. DANIEL SHAMP, Jr. Vice-President. ANIEL HAMP Vice-President. BOARD OF FINANCE FRANKLIN HAVEN, Pres't Merchants Bank, Boston. RANKLIN AVEN THOMAS TEACHER, Merchant, Boston. HOMAS EACHER REUEL WILLIAMS, Pres't Kennebeo Railroad. EUEL ILLIAMS LOCAL REFEREES. John L Palmer, Esq., N.Y. Moses Taylor, Esq., do. Lawrence, Trimble &Co. do. Atsop &Chauncy, do. R.G. Shaw, Esq.,—Boston. David Hanshaw, Esq., do. William Sturgis., do. Charles Summer, do. ☞Directors office, 78 State Street, Boston. F.S. CABOT, Agent. Agent. Lower floor Merchants Exchange, Boston. June 7 if. 

 From all sections of the North, we hear an universalvoice execrating the infamy of the Fugitive SlaveBill, and counseling all to a stern resistance of itsprovisions. In Boston, Worcester, Springfield, andother places in Massachusetts, in New York city andin the towns generally throughout the State, and inPittsburgh in, this State, large public demonstrationshave been made, and the people without distinctionhave resolved to wash their hands of all participationin carrying out this slave catching bill. In this place on Sunday last, on a few home notice,one of the largest meeting ever assembled here,was held in the Court House, to consider the provisionsof the bill. Several addresses were made, inwhich the duty of the people and the general constitutionalityat the  were discussed, and throughoutthe large audience not a single race was heardin approved of the bill, Resolutions were which were laid ever  at a From the  we would  slave  to  clear there is  in the  of and .                

 (Members of the Mass. Medical Society,) Members of the Mass. Medical Society BELIEVING in the curability of Consumption, willcontinue to devote himself to the examinationand treatment of diseases of the THROAT, HRAEY andLUNGS:—also to DSIA and LIVES CON, atbeing often connected with consumption, and frequentlythe cause of it. ELIEVING curability of Consumption HROAT RAEY UNGS SIA  IVES ON  ☞Office hours from 9 to 2 o'clock. GEO. FIELD, M.D., 132 Court st., near the Revere House, Boston.Oct. 11. ly 

 The Hon. Charles F. Adams having notified theHon. Horace Mann of his nomination, by the membersof the Free Soil party in the Eighth CongressionalDistrict, as their candidate for Congress, Mr. Maudevotes a very large portion of his reply to a scathingreview of the Fugitive Slave Bill—as follows:— In regard to this Fugitive Slave Bill, is it not astonishingthat men should ever ask the question:Does the Constitution demand the trial by jury, insteadof the question: Will the Constitution allowit? The first is the tyrant's question, granting nomore than he is compelled to give. The last is therepublican's question, volunteering all that he cangrant. In a free government, where the trial byjury is held to be the surest safeguard of personalliberty, the inquiry ought never to be, whether theConstitution secures or necessitates this form of trial;for it is enough, if the Constitution will permit or tolerateit. Instead of seeking evasions, and closeconstructions, and hunting among the musty precedentsof darker times, in order to shut out the jurytrial in cases of personal liberty, the true loves offreedom would ask only for an interpretation thatwould warrant it. It would not be among his lastthoughts; he would not wait until a stern necessityforced such a construction upon him; but his firstdesire and effort would be to find some legitimatereason for conferring it. He would not ask in howfew cases he must, but in how many be might, admitit. Yet this matter has been discussed, and isstill discussed, on one side, as though we were boundto avoid the jury trial, if we could; not as thoughwe were bound to grant it, if by fair interpretationwe might It has been discussed as if the jury trial,to protect a man's right to himself, were an evil;and as though the sudden seizure, 'summary' adjudicationand speedy consignment of a fellow-being tobondage, were too precious a blessing to be putin jeopardy by submission to twelve good and lawfulmen. Not how much may we do for freedom,but how much can we do for slavery, has been thetacit assumption of the argument But I pass bythis for graver objections demand allow secures or necessitates permit or tolerate warrant The Fugitive Slave Bill purports to confer judicialpower upon persons who are not judges Itprovides for the creation of scores and hundreds ofofficers called 'commissioners', and upon these, it issaid on high authority, to confer original and finaljurisdiction on questions of human liberty TheConstitution declares in whom 'the judicial power ofthe United States shall be vested'. It shall be vested'in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courtsas Congress may from time to time establish' Nocommissioner, nor any number of commissioners,constitutes one of these courts 'The judges, bothof the supreme and inferior courts, shall hold theiroffices during good behavior' A commissioner canbe made and unmade, on any day These judgesare to 'receive for their services a compensation,which shall not be diminished during their continuancein office'. The commissioners are compensatedby chance fees, and not by a fixed salary ThePresident nominates and the Senate confirms judgesof the supreme and inferior courts Commissionersare only the 'inferior officers', who may be appointed by 'the courts of law'. original final I need not enforce the position, that the powerwhich this Bill purports to confer upon commissionersis judicial It has all the attributes of judicial power.It is original, finaland exclusive.They are 'tohear and determine' The fourth section says they'shall have concurrent jurisdiction with the judges ofthe circuit and district courts of the United States'.The Attorney General of the United States, in awritten opinion, given by command of the Presidentof the United States, says as follows—'These officersand each of them [the commissioners]havejudicial power, and jurisdiction to hear, examine anddecide the case'.—The certificate to be granted tothe owner is to be regarded as the act and judgmentof a judicial tribunal having competent jurisdiction'.'Congress has constituted a tribunal with exclusivejurisdiction to determine summarily, and without appeal,who are fugitives from service'—'the judgmentof the tribunal created by this act in conclusive uponall tribunals.' The power of a commissioner, therefore,is judicialin the highest sense,—in the sense ofthe Constitution His decision cannot be re-heardor re-examined by any judge, or by any court, of anyState, or of the United States In no other case acommissioner perform any judicial act, or issueany executive order, whose validity may not be re-examinedin the court for which he acts, or in someother. He cannot strike a blow, nor-from a dollar, norpunish by imprisonment for an hour. By appeal, byinjunction, by mandamus or certiorari, the proceedingsof inferior courts or magistrates can be reached,and their legality or constitutionality tested. Buthere a multitude of tribunals are established overwhose proceedings, not the Supreme Court of anyState; no, not even the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates, has supervision. And what do these commissionersdecide? That a man has no right to himself;that his body, limbs, faculties, are the propertyof another; that he owes service. Suppose the questionwere whether the respondent owed the claimant adollar. Could the commissioner give judgment andissue execution for it? Certainly not. But yet he ishere authorized to decide questions infinitely moreimportant than any amount of money. He is to decidethat a man owes life-long servicefrom himself,and from all the children of his lairs. judicial original, final exclusive. determine' concurrent judicial judicial judicial property owes service. service But the surrender of an alleged fugitive from servicehas been compared with the surrender of a fugitivefrom justice; and became the Supreme Executiveof a State of required by the law of 1783 to surrenderfugitives from justice, it is claimed that anycommissioner may surrender fugitives from service,without liability to question or re-examination by anyhuman authority. But there is a world-wide differencebetween the cause. When the fugitive fromjustice is delivered up, he is delivered into the custodyof the law. Legal process must have been commencedagainst him in the State from which he fled.He is returned, that the proceedings thus commencedmay be consummated. He is never entrusted to privatehands. The shield of the law is continued overhim. After arrest, he is merely transferred from thehands of the law in one State, to the handsof the law in another State. He is transferred, notto evade trail, but to have one. But the allegedslave in delivered us, not into the custody of the law,where his rights might be adjudicated upon, but intoprivate hands; not into the hands of a neutral or indifferentperson, but into the hands of a pasty interestedto deprive him of all his rights;—if he be nota strive, than into the hands of a man-kneeler. Mr.Chary are that, and his plan provided that the allegedfugitive should be sent house to be tried. But theSouth grew  and butler, until a law was passedby which the  was here law security for theirfreedom that  have for their . without liability to question or re-examination by anyhuman authority.     It is wh to day, that when as allowed fugitiveher removed the  he maythere perdition for freedom. Should be do so, it at  and  another . Not only the  be  the characterof the litigants would be changed—plaintiff for defendant,and defendant, for plaintiff. The old caseis not reboard, but a new one tried. Indeed, a veryintelligent writer on this subject has queried whetherthe certificate of the Commissioner may not be pleadedas on estoppal. I say, then, that, in effect, theCommissioner, by this act, has original, final, andexclusive jurisdiction of a 'case' 'in Jaw,' 'arisingunder the Constitution and laws of the United States.'This is the very function of judges and courts. Thisis the identical power which the Constitution of theU.S. vests in judges who are to be nominated bythe President, confirmed by the Senate, to hold officeduring good behavior, and to be compensated by fixed salaries.            original, final exclusive Again, the bill consigns a man to bondage, withoutcrime, on evidence which he has had no opportunityto controvert The claimant must prove threefacts before the Commissioner,—1st, that the personnamed in the warrant owes the claimant service;2d, That he has escaped; 3d, Identity. Now, according to the bill, the first two points,—the facts of owing service and of escaping,—maybe proved behind the respondent's back. This proofmay be procured against the alleged fugitive withoutany notice to him, actual or constructive; withoutthe possibility of his encountering it, or disprovingit, however false it may be. If this be not deprivinga person of his 'liberty,' 'without due processof law,' what can be? Why not make thewhole case provable behind the man's back—inanother State—a thousand miles off—and spurn theforms of justice, after having spurned its substance?This binding of a man by evidence obtained withouthis knowledge, is unknown to the common law, andabhorrent to it. It is never permitted, not even todeprive the worst man of the humblest right. Ourlaws save the rights of all parties under disability.Who is under so great a disability as he who knowsnothing, and can know nothing, of what is going onagainst him? Notwithstanding. the Constitution declaresthat full faith and credit shall be given in eachState to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedingsof every other State,' yet it has been held that ajudgment obtained in another State, withoutnotice, shall not prejudice the party against whom itwas rendered. Such an act violates the first principlesof justice. All securities for the life, libertyand property of us all are swept away, if such principlescan be established. Once more: The bill says the certificate 'shall beconclusive of the right of the person or persons inwhose favor granted, to remove such fugitive to theState or territory from which he escaped, and shallprevent all molestation of such person or persons, byany process issued by any court, judge, magistrate,or any other person whomsoever.' According tothis, the certificate is a talisman which protects itsholder against all law, all evidence, and all judicialpower. A kidnapper may seize a free man in Boston,buy evidence that he owes this mysterious debtof service, obtain the requisite certificate against hisvictim and then neither the mother who bore him,nor the elder brothers and sisters who grew upwith him, nor the neighbors who have known him,from his cradle, nor the minister who baptized him,can testify that he is free; nor can all the judgesand courts in the Commonwealth stop the man whois bearing away one of their fellow-citizens to a bondageworse than death, to inquire into his title. Heis in a charmed circle, that neither justice nor lawcan enter. Do you ask where is that old time-honoredwrit of Habeas Corpus, for which martyrs havedied and rivers of blood have flowed, and which theConstitution declares SHALL NOT be suspended, 'unlesswhen in cases of rebellion or invasion, the publicsafety may require it? The answer it, 'process issued'by a court, and the bill declares that the holderof the certificate shall be exempt from all 'molestation,''by any process issued by any court.' In oneword, the law contains a provision that its own constitutionalityshall not be brought into question; atleast, until its victim reaches the place of his bondage,and is beyond the reach of rescuing hands. HALL NOT Now, even if this bill does not commit suchgross infractions of the Constitution that the courtswill set it aside, yet it would seem as though nosane man could help seeing that it wars upon allour ideas of justice; that it repudiates and scornsall the great securities, for freedom which wise andgood men for centuries past have given their laborsand their lives to establish; and that it convertsthe vast machinery of the social slate, not intothe means of protecting, but of assailing, the libertiesof the citizen. As to the appointment of commissioners,it gives us none of the constitutional securitiesthat improper men will not be invested withthese high prerogatives against our dearest rights;and as to the manner in which evidence may beprocured, it resembles the missives which the Inquisitionin olden times sent forth against heresies, toseize without law to try without defence, and topunish without mercy or hope. It resembles theLetters de coche! which, before the great revolution,the despots of France gave, in blank to villain courtiers,and villain courtesans, to be filled up with thenames of those persons whose perdition they wouldcompass. Letters de coche! in blank There are other points in this bill, whose enormityonly needs to be stated to be seen and abhorred.One of them is so unspeakably mean and contemptible,that all Northern men must feel the insult morekeenly than the wrong. It provider that if a Commissionerwill doom a man to bondage, his fee shallbe twice as much as though he restored him to liberty.Now, every body known that claimants will rarely,if ever, appear before commissioners without apris f case. If there be no defence, the proceedingswill be brief. But a case of discharge pre-supposesa defence and a trial. A case of discharge,therefore, will probably occupy as much time as half a dozen cases of surrender. Yet for thisgreater labor; the commissioner is to have but halfprice. In assailing all we love of liberty, could notthe framers and supporters of this measure have forborneto wound us in all we feel of honor? pris f   The cases are to be 'heard and determined,' asthey were under Robespierre, 'in a summary manner.'Shakespeare enumerates the 'law's delay'among the causes of suicide. Under this bill, realsuicides will doubtless be occasioned by the law'sdispatch. This summary manner' contains the sumof wrong. Does not every lawyer and every clientknow that when an action is brought for the unfaithfulexecution of a contract in building a house or achip, or for the balance of an account, or for flowinglands; or for defamation or libel, the defendant needsweeks and often months, to make ready for his defence?His witnesses may be in another State, orabroad; it may be necessary to examine ancient titlesin registries of deeds or of wille, to make purveysof premises, or investigations into character andconduct. It often happens that when process isfirst served upon a man, he does not know thegrounds of his own defence. They may consist offacts which he has forgotten or of law of which heis ignorant. Our courts, acting upon this well-knowntruth, have established a rule that a party, even afterhe has had fourteen days notice, shall be entitledto a continuance as a matter of right, unless underspecial circumstances; and he may always haveit on cause shown. I ask any defendant who wasever forced into court to resist a claim of any magnitudeor difficulty, whether he was ready to do soon the instant when process was served against him.Yet this is what the respondent must do under theFugitive Slave Bill. On the 26th day of last September,James Hamlet was peacefully pursuing a lawfuloccupation in Water street, New York, and earningan honest support for his wife and children. Inthree hours, handcuffed, in irons, and surrounded byarmed men, he was on his way to the House ofBondage. No time was given him for procuringthe aid of counsel. He declared he was free, thathis another was a free woman and he a free man. But,by another provision in the bill, it is declared thatin no trial or hearing under this act, shall the testimonyof such alleged fugitive be admitted in evidence.'In all other cases, within the broad compassof the common or statue law of Great Britain or ofthis country, a party litigant may give evidence persuadingto the suit. In some cases, he may giveevidence on the merits; in all cases, be may makeaffidavit on interlecutionary matters. A man whohas been in the State prison, a felon, scarred withcrime, may still make an affidavit, in his own case,under certain circumstances, though he can testifyneither for nor against any other person. But an allegedfugitive can make oath to no fact, and underno circumstances, for delay or other cause. It wouldconflict with that 'summary manner' in which it isdeemed expedient dispose of human liberty. in a summary manner.' law'sdispatch. Look at this provision under the light of a few facts.In the case of Mahoney v. Ashton; [4 Harris &Mc-Henry'sMaryland Reports,) the petitioner for freedomclaimed that a material ancestor, four generations, backwho had been brought over by Lord Baltimore,in the early days of the colony, was free;and, by an extraordinary chain of evidence, he tracedhis descent from that free source. It was a claimwhich any court in Massachusetts would have sustainedwithout hesitation. four generations, back Now, how much evidence of history, of record, ofparol; does the bare mention of such a case suggest?Who could have been prepared to try it in threehours; by, as soon as he could be seized and hurriedto a lawyer's office? Among the alleged fugitives in the 'Pearl cases,'so called, which I assisted in trying in Washington,in the years 1848 and '49, was the family of DanielBell, consisting of his wife and (I think) seven children.The mother and children had been freed manyyears before by deed of manumission, executed bytheir master in his last sickness, and they had beenreputed free over afterwards. Soon after the granter'sdeath, the device was started of proving him tobe of 'unsound mind,' and thus reclaiming the familyto bondage. But the magistrate who preparedthe deed, witnessed its execution, and took the acknowledgment,declared that he stood ready in testifyto the competency of the granter, and the validityof the instrument. Years passed away, and hedied. Immediately, the heirs claimed the family asslaves; and, after the loss of the deceased magistrate'stestimony, proved the granter of 'unsoundmind,' and so set aside the deed, and were adjudgedowners of the chaltela. On the ground of newly discoveredevidence, application for a new trial wasmade; but the family becoming alarmed lest theyshould be secretly seized and sent to the South, attemptedto escape on board the 'Pearl,' on the nightof the 13th of April. Now, suppose that they hadsucceeded, and that, after arriving in a free State,they had been seized and carried before a commissioner,to be tried in this 'summary manner,' withouteven waiting for a crier to open court, and debarredfrom making affidavit that, in the city of Washington,there existed evidence of their freedom. I willnot waste words to point out the impossibility oftheir defence, and the certainly of their doom! Hethat hath ears to hear the cry of the oppressed, lethim hear! competency chaltela. A few days before the close of the last session ofCongress, I was inquired of by a resident in Washington,as to the condition of a family held us slavesin that city. I found they were free by the laws ofthe District, but they did not know it. Sir, throughout the Southern States, there are thousandsand thousands of reputed slaves, who, legally,and by the laws of those States, too, in which theyare held, are as free as the Governor of Massachusetts,or the Chief Justice; but, in their enforced andbrutish ignorance, the victims do not know it; andshould they come to a tree State, and there be hunted,and seized, and carried before a Commissioner,they would be debarred from taking an oath as tofacts which would furnish grounds for a continuance,so that their right to freedom might be established.But, under such obstructions and embarrassments,liberty could not be extinguished in a sufficiently'summary manner.' According to the Constitution of the UnitedStates, all criminals from the least to the greatest,are to be informed of the nature and cause of theiraccusation; to be confronted with the witnessesagainst them; to have compulsory process for obtainingwitnesses in their favor; and to have the assistanceof counsel in their defence. Yet here, alwaysin the case of a free man, there is to be no previousnotice, no process for obtaining witnesses, and no provisionfor counsel; and while the court is forbiddento allow delay, without good cause shown, the partywhose liberty is at stake cannot make out thatcause by his oath; but with the full knowledge inhis own breast that he is free, he must stand dumbbefore the minister of the law that puts on his fetters. criminals I will not dwell at any length upon those portionsof the bill which affect marshals and deputy marshals.If any man chooses not to hold office undersuch a law, he can decline to accept it, or resign it.It is, however, clear proof of wicked legislation,when humane and conscientious men cannot holdthe offices it creates. But the 5th section containsa provision which is atrocious. It makes the marshalor his deputy liable for an escape, whether made'with or without his assent,'—that is, at all events.Though the alleged fugitive should disable him,though the enemies of the country should capturehim, though the act of God should strike him down,though an armed mob should commit a rescue,—yethe still liable. without at all events. All civilized governments have statutes of limitations.Human welfare requires that claims thathave long been voluntarily acquiesced in should notbe revived. Hence our laws bar a right of action,otherwise incontrovertible, after that tacit abandonmentof which the mere lapse of time is proof. Personalrights are most generally abandoned by a sixyears' neglect to enforce them. Even real estatemay be field, by twenty years' quiet possession, withoutother title. Crimes partake of this exemption.With the single exception of murder, all crimes arebarred in Massachusetts by a six years' delay toprosecute. But the Fugitive Slave Bill knows nomercy or compassion of this kind. Unrelentingly,it fastens its clutch upon all cases. While life lasts,its fangs strike into the flesh. The alleged slavemay have been amongst us for fifty years, he mayhave earned property, be married, and surroundedby children. It is all the game. The inexorablecertificate of a Commissioner remands him to bondageand despair. The Bill not only remands him to bondage, but,under circumstances to which there will be few exceptions,it orders that he be sent home at the publicexpense. The Constitution says, he shall be 'deliveredup.' There the obligation of that instrumentceases. It is only the law that adds, and he shall becarried back. You and I, sir, must help pay the costof sending a fellow-being into bondage: when weare under no more constitutional obligation to doso, than to pay the expenses of a slave dealer whoships his cargoes direct from Africa. carried back. But the bill has become a law, and the practicalquestion now is, how can the country be exculpatedfrom the crime and the dishonor? For myself, I donot adopt the doctrine of forcible nullification. I trustI shall never join a mob to resist a law until I amready for revolution. The only true and enduringremedy is Repeal. Those who would forcibly resist thelaw, lose half their motive and interest for repeal;for if we abolish it without repealing it, it will belikely to remain upon the statue-book, an eternalmonument of the nation's disgrace. Let effort nevercease, until the jury trial be obtained. But this view of civil duty applies only to thecitizen. It does not touch the fugitive One libertythe slave always has,—whenever he deems it expedient,he may re-clothe himself in the rights whichGod and nature gave him, and which, though theymay be ravished from him, can never be destroyed. citizen. Until repeal, however, there is one opening forhope. If, as is said by Mr. Crittenden, in the opinionalready cited, 'Congress has constituted atribunal with exclusive jurisdiction, to determinesummarily, and without appeal; and if, as he furthersays, 'the judgment of every tribunal of exclusivejurisdiction, where no appeal lies, is of necessity conclusiveupon every other tribunal AND THEREFORETHE JUDGMENT OF THE TRIBUNAL CREATED BY THISACT IS CONCLUSIVT. UPON ALL TRIBUNALS;' then thewhole case, in all  bearings and relations, its sourcesand its issues, comes before the commissioner;not even the Supreme Court of the United States caninterfere with him; and the first question for him to'hear and determine' it, whether in truth there beany such law, whether the whole disgraceful enactmentbe not unconstitutional and void; and therefore,whether his first and only duty be not to dismissthe proceedings and 'let the captive go free.'I am not without hope that such will be the result,and that many conscientious and law-abiding menwill be relieved from the anxiety and the mental conflictwhich now oppresses their minds. exclusive conclusiveupon every other tribunal  law Very truly, your obedient servant, HORACE MANN. 

 CONDUCTED by the Female Medical Education Society,incorporated by the Massachusetts Legislature. ONDUCTED The fifth term will commence November 6th, 1850,and continue three months. Those who desire canattend exclusively to Midwifery, with its collateralbranches. Tuition, $25, Board in the city to behad at $2 a week. SAMUEL GREGORY, Sec'y, 17 Cornhill. Sept. 20 st 

 A SILVEN FLAGON TO THE HATNAU MOB. We seeis stated on good authority, that a superb silver flagonis to be presented by the mechanics and brewers ofthis city to the workmen of Messrs. Barely andPerkins' Brewery in London, in commemoration, asour authority says, 'for their conduct in chastisingthe butcher Haynau.' The flagon is to be of largesize, embossed with a view of the chastisement on oneside, and with a suitable inscription on the other.—N.Y. Express. ILVEN LAGON TO THE ATNAU OB. N.Y. Express. Haynau was the mere tool and instrument of thedespotic government of Austria. So is the N.Y.Express a base and groveling tool of the SlavePower of this country—a power infinitely more despoticand abominable than that of Austria. Wehave nothing to say in favor of the 'butcher Haynau';but it he deserved mobbing for his treatmentof the friends of Hungary; what do the soullessknaves of the Express deserve, for their treatmentof the friends of the slave, during the last dozenyears?—Mohawk Times. Mohawk Times. 

 Slavery and Commissioner for Maine, New Hampshire,Vernord, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Indians. Slavery and Commissioner for Maine, New Hampshire,Vernord, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Indians. 

 We have received a picture that has just beenpublished, and is for sale at the Anti-Slavery officein New York, illustrating the 'Constitutional obligation'of slave-hunting under our new law. It is awell-executed and spirited lithograph, bearing thetitle of 'CONQUERING PREJUDICE, or Fulfilling aConstitutional duty WITH ALACRITY.' It representsto the life the real position of the North and South.A slave mother with her terrified infant in her arms—her own face marked with anguish and despair—is flying from her pursuers, and shrieking, 'My God!my child! Will no one help? Is there no mercy?'Neither the State-house nor the Church opens to heras she passes. The Northern statesman and his bulldoglead the chase, with the Southern man-thief,armed with revolver and manacles, and his hungryblood-hound, pressing closely behind. ONQUERING REJUDICE Fulfilling aConstitutional duty The dignified Northerner, whose ponderous browand marked features will as readily be recognized ashis sentiments, exclaims, 'Any man can perform anagreeable duty—it is not every man who can performa disagreeable duty.'° In his admiration of hisNorthern leader, the Southerner cries: 'By Heaven!he exceeds my most sanguine expectation—he markshis way so clearly and treads so loyally on the trackof the Constitution. It is more than great—it issublime. I feel a great sense of relief.'† The pictureis no caricature. It is terrible reality. Itssarcasm is as scathing as serious. Its appeal ispathetic. We wish that it might be posted in everycounting room and shop, hotel and public place inthe North. It would do much to stir the Northernheart to a humane and healthy abhorrence of slavery,and our unholy pledges to sustain it. It is sold at31 North Fifth street, at $12,50 per hundred; 20cents a single copy. ° † We have posted up our copy in our office, wherefriends may see it by calling. °Speech of Mr. Webster at the Revere House Boston. °Speech of Mr. Webster at the Revere House Boston. †See Charleston Mercury and Washington Union †See Charleston Mercury and Washington Union 

 46 Washington Street,:::::: BOSTON. Oct. 11   

 We have given a brief account of the seizure of acolored man at Detroit under the new law, and theexcitement attending it. Three companies of soldierswere ordered out to assist Marshal and hisposse. The Buffalo Express says— 'The Detroit case and decision are as follows:A negro was brought before the Commissioner as afugitive slave from Tennessee. The counsel for thenegro presented an affidavit duly sworn by the former,stating that he was manumitted by the deed ofthe present clamant for 700 dollars, which the letterhad received for the same, and that the deed is nowin the hands of the negro's friends in Cincinnati. Onthis affidavit, the counsel for the prisoner moves thatthe case be continued until the deed of emancipationcan be procured and used as evidence. The Commissionerdecides that the deed would be inadmissible,if produced; that he has no power to inquire intoany defence the negro may have against the claim,but only to determine whether the case presented onthe part of the claimant is sufficient to entitle him toa certificate for the removal of the negro.' DETROIT, Oct. 15. Since I wrote you, the negroexcitement has somewhat subsided. The militarywas on Friday night withdrawn from the jail yard,since which time, a police force has been on duty.On Saturday evening, a large meeting was held, atwhich the Mayor presided, and inflammatory speecheswere made by Hon. K.S. Bingham, Messrs. Joyand Emmons, and others. The meeting was large andenthusiastic, and the resolutions were not of the mostinflammatory character. ETROIT Yesterday, a subscription of $500 was raised, principallyfrom among our democratic citizens, for thepurchase of the negro. It was headed by H. Ledyard,Esq., son-in-law of Gen. Cass, with $50. Not a real,noisy abolitionist, we believe, subscribed a dollar.The negro was last night released from custody, andwas really unable what course to decide on. He saidhe had always been treated in the kindest manner,and regretted that he had caused all this excitement.his owner, who is a brother of Hon. Mr. Rose, ofGeneva, (we believe,) paid all expenses, to the amountof about $200, pocketing the $300 as the value ofthe negro, and left for home. So the great insurrectionhas ended. FFUGITIVE SLAVE LAW—MEETING OF CLERGYNENA public meeting was held in the Hard Street MethodistChurch on Monday evening, to consider theduties of Christians in relation to the Fugitive SlaveLaw. Prayer was offered by Rev. Mr. Duncan(Baptist.) Some introductory remarks were made bythe Rev. Mr. Twombly Poster of the Hard StreetChurch, who read portions of the law under consideration.Afterwards, brief speeches were madeby Rev. Mr. Hanks, (Orthodox,) Rev. Mr. Eddy(Baptist,) Rev. Brewster (Wesleyan Methodist,)Rev. Mr. Moulton (Free Will Baptist,) Rev. Mr.Adams (Methodist,) and Rev. Mr. Duncan (Baptist,)Rev. Mr. Howe (Baptist) was prevented by illnessfrom attending. The speakers were very earnestand hearty in their condemnation of the Law, and ailexpressed their conviction that it was the duty ofChristians to disregard it and suffer its penalties,rather than aid in enforcing it. Many admirable remarkswere made by all the speakers, which weshould be glad to publish if we had any report ofthem. We believe that the clergymen named wereall who co-operated in getting up the meeting. Wetrust that they are not all who feel deeply on thesubject, and desire to do what they can arouse thepeople against the iniquity of the law.—LowellAmerican. FUGITIVE LAVE AW EETING OF LERGYNEN LowellAmerican. THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW. The City Councilof Chicago has passed resolutions nullifying the Actof Congress respecting the Fugitive Slave Law, andreleasing the police from obedience to it. Thisact of the city authorities has caused great excitement,and last night, a meeting of 4,000 or 5,000people was held. The Mayer presided. SenatorDouglass made a powerful speech, sustaining theActs of Congress in passing this Bill, and also theCompromise. His speech had a powerful effect onthe meeting, and caused a change of public opinionin favor of the Law and against the acts of the CityCouncil. [The Council has since reconsidered itsresolutions.] HE UGITIVE LAVE AW. No ANNEXATION OF CANADA. The St. LawrenceRepublican contains an interesting account ofthe great Northern Railroad celebration, at whichspeeches were made, toasts offered, &c. Amongother sentiments was this:—'Canada Annexation—When they wish it.' Whereupon, T.P. Chandler,Esq., of Boston, President of the road, respondedas follows: NNEXATION OF ANADA. St. LawrenceRepublican MR. PRESIDENT: I heartily respond to the sentimentwith which my friend at the other end of thehall closed his speech, but I arise to offer a word ortwo on one of the subjects to which he has alluded.I refer to the annexation of Canada to the UnitedStates. Sir, I have heretofore thought that a unionof the two countries was desirable, but I think so nolonger My views have changed since the passageof the Fugitive Slave Bill by our Congress In thename of humanity, in the name of all that is good,in the name of God,(I speak it with reference,) letthere remain one spot on the Northern continentwhere the white buzzards of the South cannot satiatetheir hellish appetites on black victims Let therebe one locality where that thickly-woven  of villainies,the Fugitive Slave Bill, cannot be spread R. RESIDENT:  T.W. HIGGINSON;-We rejoice that this young,eloquent and whole-soiled man has been nominatedfor Congress The Free Soilers of the Third, Districtcould not have selected a truer exponent of theirprinciples, or one better able to support their measures.We hope our friends will make every effortto defeat Duncan and to elect Mr. Higginson, who isas much superior to Duncan intellectually as he isabove him in soundness of principle The FreeSoilers of the Third District have for a candidate agifted, accomplished and hold young man—just theman to be supported by men who have principles toadvance.—Boston Republican IGGINSON Boston Republican GOT HIS REWARD The next day after consummatinghis treachery to Freedom, Gen Wilson resignedhis seat in the House, and immediately receivedthe appointment of 'bearer of dispatches' toCalifornia! The telegraph reports also that he is tobe either Collector at San Francisco, or SurveyorGeneral Thus does he get his pay for violating themost solemn pledge ever made by a representative tohis constituents And by thus including and rewardingtreason does Mr Fillmore commence his administrationHow an administration thus startingshall end remains to be seen That it cannot andin honor and success, the history of all the past buttoo clearly proves OT IS EWARD 

 The hunt is up I now, sportsmen, rouse,And dwell the echoing shout!From Marshfield and from Andover,Bring the fierce bloodhounds out!Up, statesmen! up, now, priestly horde!Such sport hath never been,The Pilgrim land your hunting ground,Your game, immortal men.        immortal men. Come from the forest depths of Maine,From the Bay State's rocky shore,From where across the dark blue lakeNiagara's thunders roar:From Pennsylvania's waters,From Iowa's distant plains,To meet the 'Southern Chivalry'From out the land of chains.        Sportsmen, attend! you'll rendezvousUntil your leaders call,Beneath the shaft at Bunker Hill,And shade of Fancuil Hall;Stretch the line of your encampment,And bivouac betweenThe battle-ground at BenningtonAnd Concord's well Known green.        Listen! each hunter bold must keepThe rules which guide the course;Each statesman his debauch shall leave,When sounds the cry, 'to horse!'Let each slave-hunting editorBe kept within the bounds;Presuming not with men to ride,But run among the bounds.         And every hunting priest shall wearDirk and pistols by his side,And with his well-worn Bible bookBeneath his arm shall ride;With words of freedom on your lips,And breathing in her air,Ye shall listen scripture readings,And twice a day hear prayer!        Let a strict watch be on the hills,Keep ambush in the vale;Let every one that pesseth!Answer the watchman's hail!And, armed, quickly gather,When ye hear, at early morn,Our Southern master's whip crack,And negro driver's horn!        The first gleams of the dawningAre on the Pilgrim's bay,Lighting up, as in the days of old,The solemn rocks of gray;Along the beach the ocean's foamLays like thick wreaths of snow,Its deep heart beating—beatingAs a thousand years ago.        The hoar-frost glistens on the hedge,And the morning mists are chill:Who are they, so anxious hasteningAcross the distant hill:Now they look in fear behind them,And scarcely seem to breathe,Moving stealthily and silentlyIn pine trees' shade beneath!        They have passed the battle column,Where freemen bled of yore:Worn and weary, now they stop to rest,Beneath the Church's door.Slaves, they! fresh from the chuckles!How the blood-drops tell the story!An, trickling down the mangled back,They make God's threshold gory!        But, see! the watchers on the hillsThe fugitives have spied!And, hurrying through the valleys,How fast the videttes wide!They are rousing! they are coming!They snuff blood upon the gale!Hark! how the deep-mouthed van-dogBays on the wretches' trail!        Ho! ride not there! say, see ye notYon spectra forms that stalk!Who would have thought, to mar our sport,The Patriot dead would walk!But they have left their battle-graves,On plain and green hill side;That o'er their blood-bought resting placeMen-hunters shall not ride!        See! o'er the landscape seem to creepThe shadows of the night!And the beacon crags of olden timeBlaze with unearthly light;How the village grave-yard down the valeGlares the lurid red!And thronging up in thousands,The white and ghastly dead!        Lo! where yon crumbling battlementLooks down upon the main,The shadowy spectra sentinelsHave mounted guard again!See how, along the dark wood's side,They pace their rounds, and, threatening,Seem to challenge those who ride!       By the memory of our Fathers,Whose spirits, always nearHave passed this day before ye,And blenched your cheeks with fear;While breaks the dirge upon the shore,Or sun the mountain rills,Ye shall not hunt the stricken deerUpon the northern hills!        They need not, from their gore-stained graves,Come to the rescue now;Look! the living stand around ye,With clenched lip and darkened brow.How the hot words leap from rank to rank:We are a free-born race;Ye shall not make the Pilgrim landThe slaver's hunting place!   Look! living      And though the Northern dough-face dogShall wallow in his shame;Though Stuart, with his Bible,Black up the robber's claim;Ere the fugitive be taken,Ere he feel the tyrant's wrath,New England's bayonets shall gleamAcross the hunter's path!        'See ye not the signs of morning?Know ye not the despot DaneHath tern away his bondmen's gives,And trodden on the chain?Behold! beneath the Crescent's sheenThe gleam of Paynim lanceHeralds bright Freedom's pathway,Humanity's advance!        Though 'heath your giant wickednessThe Nation's brain doth reel,Now England's arms are strong to-day,Her heart us true as steel!Though with deeds tongue may not utter,Ye have crucified the soul;And with your hideous falsehoods,Blotted Freedom's blessed scroll.        'We will write o'er all the Earth's face,For the millions yet to come:C are they who trampleOn the blooding and the dumb!Eternal shame shall see orOppression's lightest dead:Write in fire on the heavens,That the Universe may read!' We will   C are they who trample   On the blooding and the dumb!  Eternal shame shall see or  Oppression's lightest dead:   

 In our last number, we announced the intention ofthis distinguished philanthropist and eloquent advocateof reform to leave Liverpool for Boston on the19th of October, on a short visit to his many warmfriends and admirers in this country, by way of recreationfrom his arduous labors on the other side of theAtlantic We now announce, with heartfelt joy, thesafe arrival of Mr. Thompson at the port, in thesteamer Canada, on Tuesday night, after one of thequickest trips on record He appears to us as youngand fresh as he was sixteen years ago, and his healthhas already much improved by the voyage Thousandsof hearts will beat high at the news of his arrival, andgreat and universal will be the desire to see, hear andwelcome him as one of the noblest and most successfulchampions of human rights ever raised up in anyage or country No man cares less for geographicalor national distinctions than himself: he is, emphatically,in spirit, a world-wide man, anxious only forthe freedom, elevation and happiness of the wholehuman race We are unable to state, precisely, in our presentnumber, what will be the course marked out in regardto his present visit We are sure he will need noimportunities to address the friends of emancipationas often and to as wide an extent as practicable, duringhis brief adjourn among us A grand RECEPTIONMEETINGin FANUEL HALL is contemplated,as soon after the termination of the Stateelection as convenient—probably on the evening ofthe 14th or 15th instant Due notice will be givenof it hereafter It will be an occasion of thrilling interest,and thousands of true men and women, whoare interested in the various reforms of the times, willundoubtedly be there to give Mr. Thompson a mosthearty welcome ECEPTIONMEETING ☞The colored citizens of Boston are preparing togive Mr. Thompson an enthusiastic public welcomein the Belknap street-meeting house. 

 DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: EAR RIEND ARRISON Who would not, at a time like this, wish for ahome in some boundless contiguity of shade, whererumor of oppression and deceit might never teachhim? I am now, and have been for some time, causeon the border of slavery, and you can hardly contiveof the apprehension and alarm which now reign over,not only the fugitive slaves, but also many of their realfriends—no matter of what color. Multitudes of fugitiveslaves, and many free colored people, are fleeingto Canada. Some are strongly armed with deadlyweapons, and are determined to fight it out with thekidnapper to the last. Others are shivering withfear, not knowing what to do. Two persons havejust called to see me about the best way of getting toCanada. One was a mother, who has three or fourchildren under six years old. They thought theymust go, though want and winter, death and danger,like dragons, all stood before them. The dread ofslavery made them forget all other fears. They hearof daily arrests, and expect; their own turn may benest.  And woes, too, as fearful almost as in the rations ofPatmos, are pronounced upon all who shall dare aidor assist these sons and daughters of sorrow. Yesterday,a man came and told us his house, and all in itand around it, every thing that he could call his own,amounting to two thousand dollars, had been soldthis very week, to satisfy a penalty incurred by aidingsome fugitive slaves. 'But,' he added, with deepemotion, 'though they have thus beggared me andmy family, thank God, the slaves went free!' To-day, a similar trial commences in this district,against a family, where the damages claimed are twentythousand dollars. In this case, too, the friends ofthe outcast must be victimized, to satisfy the rapaciousdemand of the merciless tyrant. There is no hope intheir case. The fruits of hard and honest toil mustclothe and feed the monsters of oppression, whilethose who produced them are driven out of doors—driven out for deeds, the like of which make thegrand difference between heaven and hell, and theformer more desirable than the latter. Many aredeeding away their property, to be held in trust fortheir families; thus hoping to save them from beggary. It is every where in the North a time of great trialand of terrible alarm to the poor fugitives. Especiallyis it so here, on the very borders of slavery. Byday or night, they are never safe. Abroad or athome, it is still the same. They cannot trust a childout of sight for a moment. Every sound at night disturbstheir slumbers, if they dare sleep at all. Apoor mother, with a numerous family around her, saidto me, as the tears coursed down her grief-ploughedcheek. 'My heart seems like it was in my mouth, allthe time.' When are they safe? Every stranger theysee approaching may be a kidnapper. Every timetheir door opens, he may stare them in the face.Their own neighbors are Whigs, Democrats, or churchmembers, in political and religious alliance with thetyrants they dread, and may deliver them up; mayeven betray them into their hands. At best, their lifeis a prolonged torture. But the late fugitive lawadds new terrors to old tortures, It barbs the ironarrows that already entering their souls. It putspoon on the fangs that were already tearing them inpieces. It heats red hot the chains that bound themfeat before. With shuddering emphasis might theyexclaim, like the stricken Hebrew bard, 'Was eversorrow like unto my sorrow?'  I have just been attending the anniversary of thePennsylvania Anti-slavery Society. It was indeedgood to be there. It was a grand gathering, and fullof enthusiastic interest—unusually so, considering theconstitutional calmness and gravity which are socharacteristic of a large portion of the members.Your own absence was deeply felt and lamented,though repaired greatly by the presence and invaluablelabors of the other two excellent men invited,Edmond Quincy, and William I. Bowditch, of Boston.A man valuable Report was read by the CorrespondingSecretary of the Society, James MillerMcKim. Though the reading occupied a full hourand a half, it was listened to with the greatest attentionto the very close. The Resolutions were most of them bold and string,and so were many of the remarks with whichthey were supported. One resolution device utterlythe Christian character of any church whose membersvote, or are voted for, (with their own consent,)under the Constitution and government of the UnitedStates. The discussion under it presented a scene ofthrilling interest, seldom if ever exceeded in thehalls of forensic debate. Between 10 and 11 at nightthe vote was taken, and was almost unanimous. Thewalls of the specious building echoed a heartierAn:! But, after all, the meeting did not, could not, meetthe demand of the times. At a moment like this,words lose their power. I sometimes think deep, silenthorror in more expressive, is more appropriate.Even now, it seems to me almost as if the meetingought to have been a mighty though unopened volcanoof sympathy for the shricking millions of slaves,and of burning, withering indignation of the government,their tormentor, and of the national religion,the bloodiest fiend that preys upon them. It shouldhave been like those subterranean fires, which, withno eruption, are still melting down the very underpinningof the mountains. Or, if we had spoken, ourmildest utterance should have mooched the rattlingoctachords of all the earthquakes. Our gleaming,though righteous indignation, should have flamed upall over the Northern sky, and flashed down into thedeepest, darkest caverns of slavery, more terriblethan consuming fire. Instead of this, we spentsome time on the merest verbal criticisms, and thewhole, or nearly the whole of the last long session,was consumed on the question of using the products ofslave labor. I honor every honest scruple on that subject,but can and no apology for such use of time, ata crisis like the present. I am glad I have not to answerfor those who were the cause of it. using the products ofslave labor. On the question of resistance to the Fugitive Law,there seemed but one opinion. A deep determinationto trample its authority under foot beamed forth fromalmost every countenance. There was, however,some diversity as to the manner of receiving andtreating the kidnapper. A resolution was passed withgreat unanimity, counseling the slaves to use nonebut 'Christian means' in self-defence. This was generallyreceived as repudiating all violence—and itfound none the less favor on that account. This wasevidently the sentiment of a large majority. Our most excellent friend, Robert Purvis, washowever most startling power, advocated a resort to weaponsof death. In a speech of surpassing eloquence,he exclaimed, his eye flashing with deep but honestindignation, and with all the terror of Crop-toned,emphasis— 'Mr. Chairman: I declare here, openly and aboveboard, in the presence of God and this assembly, thatshould any wretch enter my dwelling, any, pale spectrafrom among you, to execute the internal law onme or mine, as help me Heaven, I'll seek his life. I'llshed his blood, though my own life and that of myfamily should be sacrificed in consequence.' I have been the effect of a bold utterance before,but never as at that moment. Palennue as of deathseemed to creep over the crowded assembly. Most ofas could not sympathize with the sentiment, but hewould be a monster who did not sympathize with theman, to the depths of his deepest soul, It is, indeed,a terrible extremity, a most daresed mand, that candrive the like of Robert Purvis to such desperation.  The subject of coming out of the churches hasbeen mat with less favor in this Society than in anyother of our State organizations. This is to be regretted,because many of the Society are Quakers, andno denomination stands better than this with theslaveholders. Both Daniel Webster and Henry Clayhave hugged it like a bride to their lecherous bosoms.Some of us endeavored to do our duty onthis most important question. There are many excellentQuakers, but their power and influences are mostlyswallowed up in the vortex of their corrupt andcorrupting organizations. I am sorry my own humbleefforts in this regard gave so much offence. Itrust time will show the sincerity and kindness ofmy purpose and spirit, even should no good resultfollow my message. It was pleasant to be there, and I shall retain manyhappy recollections of the occasion, so long as memoryfulfills its office. Liver and most truly yours, PARKER PILLSBURY. Norristown, Pa., Oct. 18th, 1850. 

 It will be remembered, that by a law passed at thetime of the Lattimer agitation, the Commonwealth refusedthe use of its jails for the detention of personsclaimed as claves—a most righteous and praiseworthyact. The United States Government now threatensto punish with six months' imprisonment, the men orwomen of this Commonwealth who shall aid or comfortthe slave, inconvenience or embarrass the slave-hunter.Let us ask of our Legislature that no Statejail shall be used for such a purpose. If the Unionneds jails for those who obey God, let the Unionbuild them.  To the Honorable Senate and House of Representation ofMassachusetts: To the Honorable Senate and House of Representation ofMassachusetts: We, the undersigned, inhabitants of—,respectfully ask your honorable bodies to prohibit theuse of the jails of the Commonwealth for the imprisonmentof any one sentenced to imprisonment underthe law passed at the last session of Congress for thesurrender of fugitive slaves. To the Senate and House of Representatives of the UnitedStates: To the Senate and House of Representatives of the UnitedStates: We, the undersigned, inhabitants—,believing the law passed at the last session of Congress,in relation to the surrender of fugitive slaves, tobe immoral, inhuman and unconstitutional, respectfullyask for its immediate repeal. To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives ofthe Commonwealth of Massachusetts: To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives ofthe Commonwealth of Massachusetts: We, the undersigned, inhabitants of—,believing the law passed at the last session of Congress,in relation to the surrender of fugitive slaves, tobe immoral, inhuman, and unconstitutional liberty and subversiveof all the safeguards of individual liberty, respectfullyask your honorable bodies to protest againstthe same, in the name of the Commonwealth, and torequest the Senators and instruct the Representativesof the State to make every effort for its immediate repeal. ☞Friends of civil liberty! friends of humanity!circulate these petitions every where without delay,and see that every man and every woman has an opportunityto sign them. 

 MR. EDITOR:— R. DITOR Although not complexionally identified with youand your noble coadjutors in the great work of humanfreedom, yet when, in the gratitude of my heart. Igrasp you by the hand, and salute you by the endearingname of brother, I have reason to believe you donot repudiate the affinity. Perhaps, sir, I cannot employa leisure boar more advantageously than by aline or two in reference to that most odious and infamousenactment, denominated the Fugitive SlaveBill—a bill so utterly repulsive, so hideous in its everyfeature, that bare reflection upon it is sufficient to'freeze our blood, and cause each particular hair tostand on end, like quills upon the fretful porcupine.' Mr. Editor, every citizen of this Commonwealth is,by the provisions of this bill, imperatively forbiddento obey the express declarations of the word of God.Should you, sir, remembering them that are in bondsas bound with them, whisper in the car of the pantingfugitive, 'Escape for your life! look not behindyou!' you are liable to an enormous fine, and a homein the State Prison is provided for you, withoutmoney and without price, where you can reflect forsix months upon the enormity of obeying the Divineinjunction, 'Whatsoever ye would that men shoulddo to you, do ye even so to them.' Should the poorhound-hunted fugitive, after having endured all theperils and privations incident to a fight from thatland where the demon of Slavery holds his infernalorgies—should he arrive here, and locate himself onBunker Hill, at the very base of the monument whichis the boast of America, that monument dedicated toFreedom, and upon which our fathers, who foughtand bled and died, never dreamed a slave should ever,for one moment, gaze—should he, in his humble tenement,surrounded by his wife and little ones, commencehis song of praise to God for having givenhim the North Star to guide his weary feet, at thatvery moment, on that consecrated spot, the mercilessslave-hunter may snatch him from his wife and children,—bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh,—andcarry him back to interminable bondage. And shouldyou, sir, believing it to be your duty to resist oppression.manfully, irrespective of the source whence itemanates, 'with pitying eye behold his helpless grief,meet him at the threshold of the poor slave's douncile,and command him to desist in his work of blood—'hitherto shalt thou come, but no farther'—then thisliberty loving nation has ordered that your liberty betaken from you, and you shall have a punishment inflictedupon you, sufficient to recall you to a livelysense of your constitutional obligations, and you bemetamorphosed into a good citizen of the Common-wealth. his weary feet your you All this is done, sir, by a people whose flag of freedomwaves in the broad sunlight of heaven—a peoplewho profess to be the freest and most enlightenednation under heaven. Well might we, in view ofsuch gross hypocrisy such manifest inconsistencyexclaim with the Savior 'O generation of vipers, howcan you escape the damnation of hell!' But, perhaps, no slaveholding in attempted to be justifiedbecause Paul sent back Onesimus to his master,not as a servant, but as a brother beloved, the late lamentedClay and Webster (par mobile ' 'wene'er shall look upon their like again') had their attentiondirected to that portion of the Scriptureswhich speaks of the apostles as fishers of men. Andwith characteristic reverence for the Word,° wishingto emulate the Savior's example, they thought theywould frame a law, which virtually declares to thesons and daughters of the Pilgrims—'Behold, we makeyou hunters of men, women and children. brother beloved par mobile   fishers ° hunters But then, we are told, it was all done in a spirit ofcompromise—its tenacious supporters hoped by its passageto effect a settlement of the slavery question.Why, gentlemen, 'who the hope drunk wherein youdressed yourself?' Know you not, O Daniel! thatthis great question cannot be settled by compromise?The word cannot be found in the vocabulary of an honestman's heart, for the simple reason that it imports amutual dereliction of principle. If sir, the institutionof slavery is right and just in the sight of Godand man, then, in the name of justice, so all you canto perpetuate it; if not, if the whole system is inherentlyiniquitous, abolish it, and give to the windsyour concessions and compromises. And these menpretend to be the friends of the colored man! Wetell them, once for all, despite our innate inferiority,aside from the obliquity of our mental vision, our perceptionsare sufficiently acute to discern iniquity,whether shielded by the helmet of senatorial wisdom,or stalking abroad in the earth in all its native hideousness,its heart-appalling deformity. hoped But the Bill has passed, and its passage has elicitedthe respect of all persons—but those whose respect isworth having. Its ardent supporters have won goldenopinions from all sorts of people—but those whohave honest hearts in them. How forcibly the passageoccurs to our memory, 'O Ca, who wastonce exalted unto heaven, but art now cast down tohell!' Sic transit gloria mundi!  Sic transit gloria mundi Will the people of New England tamely submit tothis miserable indignity? Will they implicitly obeythe imperious mandates, the cruel enactments of blood-thirstytyrants, or that 'higher law,' in exact conformitywith which all others should be enacted, or sinkinto comparative insignificance? I am no prophet,nor the son of a prophet; yet I venture to predict,that no man will no taken from Massachusetts. And,although the doctrine of the righteousness of thelaw of retaliation may not abide the scrutinizing testof scriptural criticism, yet our charity must be elongatedto an almost  tension, our religiousorgans must be most wonderfully developed, beforewe shall suffer our liberty to be wrested from us,without an arduous struggle to retain it. But webelieve that more can be accomplished by the all-controllingpower of public sentiment, than by guns,bowie knives or pistols. And we believe public opinionis an our side. Why should it not be so? Whatsuch we, the colored people of this Republic done,that we should be trampled upon and crushed beneatha weight of prescription almost sufficient to crush an.angel? Why, sin, on all-wise, Providence has soon to give as a skin not  the white 'The hand and front of our  this textno more.' But pla shall yet stretch out her arm,tal  to God. Like other course which havefor their object the  of the condition ofthe human race, the cause of human liberty her encounteredrace, the cause of human liberty has encounteredmany oppositions, calculated to impede itsprogress. But it will ultimately triumph. Our cannot annihilate our aspirations after liberty.Our cause has been stamped by God with the impressof imperishable vitality. The spirits of liberty andslavery are even now, with characteristic skill and vigor,marshalling their respective forces for a mightycontest. And, if 'coming events cast their shadowsbefore,' if the history of the past be any precedent forthe future, then have the friends of freedom all thingsto hope for, and nothing to fear; for just so sure asGod rescued the children of Israel from Egyptianbondage, just so sure will be hear our groans, andcome down to deliver us.             W.J.W. Boston, October 9th, 1850. ° All but the Golden Rule. That was inserted bythe translators, and is therefore not obligatory uponthem ° All but the Golden Rule. That was inserted bythe translators, and is therefore not obligatory uponthem That was 

 The last number of the Pennsylvania Freeman containsa very full report of the proceedings of the thirteenthannual meeting of the Pennsylvania A.S. Society,which was recently held at West Chester. Aconsiderable portion of these proceedings we shalltransfer to our columns next week—having room inthis number for only the following characteristic letterfrom one whose every word is a deed. BOSTON, October, 10, 1850. J. MILLUN Mc: ILLUN  DEARFRIEND—I thank you for your kind invitationto attend the annual meeting of the PennsylvaniaAnti-Slavery Society. EAR RIEND I regret my inability to be with you on that occasion.It would have given me much pleasure to havemet the abolitionists of your Society, those noblemen and women, who have banded themselves togetherto seek and save those which are lost. Thatwas the mission of the great Reformer; there wasnone higher, or more unpopular in his day; there isnone in ours. In our day, we have holy books, houses, ceremonies,compacts and alliances; long faces and silentpulpits we have to any extent; but long arms thatwill loose the chain and lift the slave—how few!Arms there are, by thousands, that wield the slave-driver'swhip—fire-arms, and blood-hounds;—Reverendclergymen and honorable statesmen, cold andcruel, who have bound themselves with an oath to surrenderto slavery innocent men and women—an oathtoo horrible to take, and for more horrible to keep;—Rules we have, ordained of God, it is said, (whatGod;) enacting stronger chains and heavier penalties,in derision of Christianity, and in defiance of the trueGod. The Constitution of the United States, with all itscrashing weight, is upon the breast of the slave,placed there knowingly and designedly, and the religioussects and political parties are standing there-on,glorying in their platform, and boasting of theirfidelity to its wicked compromises. We have twelve or fifteen hundred millions ofstolen capital in men and women, legalized and protected,in the hands of thieves and adulterers, whorule the nation. Abolitionists! can you stand erect, and fearlesslyconfront such mighty obstacles to freedom? Then areyou the true representatives of the slave, whosechains must be melted down by the power of truth. I congratulate the abolitionists everywhere uponthe manifest progress of the anti-slavery cause; moreespecially do I congratulate those abolitionists who donot take oath to support this practical government;those who are not voluntary partners to enactmentsthe most detestable, to wickedness the most concentrated.It is written that 'the righteous shall holdon his way, and he that hath clean hands shall bestringer and stronger.' FRANCES JACKSON. NOTICE. Our friend N.T. is cordially thanked forhis friendly and timely remittance. Unsolicited aid,at this juncture, is doubly valuable. It shall be appropriatedin accordance with his wish—M. OTICE. 

 A meeting was held in the Colored CongregationalChurch, Portland, October 8th, to consider the lateAct of Congress, entitled the Fugitive Slave Bill. The meeting was called to order by Rev A.N.Freeman, when an motion, Mr. William Brown wascalled to the Chair, and Mr. Woodman appointed Secretary. Resolutions were then offered, and spirited and eloquentaddresses made by A.N. Freeman, J.C.Woodman Esq., Rev Mr. Bitch, the Masers Barnet,Messrs Willey, Stackpoles, and others. the meeting was the most enthusiastic I ever attendedin Portland. The speakers were frequentlyinterrupted by bursts of applause. The colored peopleare determined to resist, to a man—and woman,too—any attempt to take a fellow being back to bandage.Should the slaveholder come hither for thatpurpose, he will find the colored people are preparedto give him a warm reception. Not a man is to betaken from Portland Our motto is—'Liberty orDeath!' A committee, consisting of Messrs Freeman, Barnet,Eastman, and R Ruby, was appointed,to prepare business for another meeting. on motion, voted, that the resolutions on the tablebe referred to the committee, to amend or after asthey may think proper. On motion, the meeting then adjourned, to meet inthe same place on Thursday evening next. yours F. ☞According to adjournment, the colored citizensof Portland again assembled on the evening of Thursday,Oct. 10th. The meeting was called to order bythe Chairman. The committee on business reported the followingresolutions: Whereas, the law recently passed by Congress, forthe reclamation of fugitive slaves, in violation of theConstitution of the United States, and the eternalprinciples of justice, exposes every colored man to bekidnapped and carried into slavery, and forces us tothe dreadful alternative of liberty or death; therefore— Resolved, That, recognizing no authority higherthan the law of God, and trusting in his mercy andoverruling providence, we solemnly pledge ourselvesto each other, that we will at all times, when it is inour power, feed the hungry, clothe the naked, andgive shelter and assistance to the fugitive from Americanslavery, and will resist unto death any and everyeffort to take from this city, for the purpose of enslavinghim, any person to whom we are united by theties of common brotherhood. Resolved, That for the liberty of this land ourforefathers fought, clad, and died; that this is ournative country, and whatever wrong or violence an sitsus, here we all remain. here Resolved, That, being deprived of all adequateprotection, we appeal to the citizens of this city togive us their sympathy and aid in this hour of perilto us and our families. Resolved, That the ministers of our city be requested,in their several pulpits, so remember inprayer to God the people of color, that they may all befreed and protected from the ruthless grasp of theslave-hunter. Resolved, That those members of Congress fromthis State, who voted for the infamous slave-catchingbill, are deserving of the frowns of God, and the rebukeof every honest man. Resolved, That we most cordially and unitedly expressthe warmest thanks of our hearts to those membersof Congress, who voted against the inhumanslave catching bill, at the last session of Congress. Resolved, That a committee of vigilance and safetyof ten persons be appointed, to give notice of theapproach of danger; to see that every person is providedwith the means of defense, and that places ofsecurity are selected; and to give direction to whatevermeasures may be necessary for our protection. Resolved, That the proceedings of these meetingsbe published in the Portland Inquirer, and in the otherpapers of this city, friendly to our cause, and also inthe Impartial Citizen. Portland Inquirer Impartial Citizen. After full discussion, the resolutions were unanimouslyadopted. The meeting was addressed by tev. A.N. Freeman,tev. Charles Birch, William Brown, Geo. Potter,John Siggs, Abraham Oswald, Henry Daniels,Abraham Talbot, (colored,) and by Gen. Samuel Fessenden,Jeremiah Hacker, Charles A. Stack pole, J.C.Woodman, Esq., (white,) Much of the speaking wasvery interesting, and interrupted by frequent burstsof applause.   Henry Daniels, William Brown, Benjamin D. Barnet,Charles F. Barnet, Jacob C. Dickson, ReubenRuby, Alexander Stevenson, Wm. Hammett, EnochA. Burke, and George Potter, were chosen the Committeeof Vigilance, in conformity to the seventh Resolution. Voted, that the committee shall have power to allvacancies, or to increase their number, as may bedeemed necessary. Voted, to adjourn, sins die. sins die. J.C. WOODHAN, JR., Secretary. R. Secretary. 

 Our city, for a week past, has been thrown into astate of in excitement by the appearance of twoprowling villains, named Hughes and Knights, fromMacon, Georgia, for the purpose of seizing Williamand Elien Crafts, under the internal Fugitive SlaveBill, and carrying them back to the hell of slavery.Since the days of 76, there has not been such a populardemonstration on the side of human freedom inthis region. The humane and patriotic contagd hasinfected all classes. Scarcely any other subject hasbeen talked about in the streets, or in the social circle.On Thursday, of last week, warrants for the arrest ofWilliam and K were issued by Judge Levi Woodbury,but no officer has yet been found ready or boldenough to serve them. In the mean time, the VigilanceCommittee, appointed at the Faneuil Hall meeting,have not been idle. Their number has been increasedto upwards of a hundred 'good men andtrue,' including some thirty or forty members of thebar; and they have been in constant session, devisingevery legal method to baffle the pursuing bloodhounds,and relieve the city of their hateful presence. OnSaturday, placards were posted up in all 'directions,announcing the arrival of these slave-hunters, anddescribing their persons. On the same day, Hughesand Knights were arrested on the charge of slanderagainst William Crafts. The Chronotype says—    idle. The damages being laid as $10,000, ball was demandedin the same sum, and was promptly furnished.By whom; is the question. An immense crowd wasassembled in front of the Sheriff's office while thebail matter was being arranged. The reporters werenot admitted. It was only known that Watson FreemanEsq.,—who once declared his readiness to hangany number of negroes remarkably cheap—came insaying that the arrest was a shame, all a humbug, thetrick of the damned Abolitionists, and proclaiming hisreadiness to stand bail. John H. Pearson was alsosent for, and came—the same John H. Pearson, merchantand Southern packet agent, who immortalizedhimself by sending back, on the 10th of September,1845, in the bark Niagara, a poor fugitive slave, whocame secreted in the brig Ottoman, from New Orleans—being himself judge, jury and executioner, toconsign a fellow-being to a life of bondage—in obedienceto the law of a slave State. and in violation ofthe law of his own. This same John H. Pearson,not contented with his previous infamy, was on hand—there is a story that the slave-hunters have beenhis table-guests also—and whether he bailed themor not, we don't know. What we know is thatsoon after Pearson came out from the back roomwhere he and Knight and Sheriff had been closeted,the Sheriff said that Knight was bailed—he wouldnot say by whom. Knight being looked after, wasnot to be found. He had slipped out through a backdoor, and thus cheated the crowd of the pleasure ofgreeting him—possibly with that rough and readyaffection which Barclay's brewers bestowed uponHaynau. The escape was very fortunate, everyway. he Hughes and Knights have since been twice arrestedand put under bonds of $10,000, (making $30,000 inall,) charged with a conspiracy to kidnap and abductWilliam Crafts, a peaceable citizen of Massachusetts,&c. Hail was entered by Hamilton Willis, of Willis&Co., 25 State street, and Patrick Riley, U.S. DeputyMarshal. ☞The following (says the Chronotype) is a verbatimet literatim copy of the letter sent by Knight toCrafts to entice him to the U.S. Hotel, in order tokidnap him. It shows that the schoolmaster owesKnight more 'service and labor' than it is possible forCrafts to:— verbatimet literatim BOSTON Oct 22 1850 11 o clock P.M. We Craft—Sir—I have to leave 50 Kiley in themorning that I cold not call according to promise, so ifyou want me to a carry a letter home with me, youmust bring it to the united States Hotel to morrowand leave it in Box 44 or come your self to morroEvening after tea and bring it. let me no if youcome your self by sending a note to Box 44 U.S.Hotel so that I may no whether to wage after tea or notby the Bearer. If your wif wants to se me you couldbring her with you if you come your self. JOHN KNIGHT. P S I shall leave for home eirley a Thursday morning. J K. At a meeting of colored people, held in BelknapStreet Church, on Friday evening, the followingresolutions were unanimously adopted:— Resolved, 'That God willed as free: man willedus slaves. We will as God wills: God's will bedone.' Resolved, That our oft repeated determination ofresist oppression is the same now as ever—and wepledge ourselves, at all hazards, to resist unto deathany attempt upon our liberties. Resolved, That as South Carolina seizes and imprisonscolored seamen from the North, under theplea that it is to prevent insurrection and rebellionamong her colored population, the authorities of thisState, and city in particular, be requested to lay holdof, and put in prison, immediately, any and all fugitive-slavehunters who may be found among us,upon the same ground, and for similar reasons. Spirited addresses, of a most emphatic type, weremade by Messrs. Remand of Salem, Roberts, Nell andAllen, of Boston, and Davis of Plymouth. Individuals and highly respectable committees ofgentlemen have repeatedly waited upon these Georgiamiscreants, to persuade them to make a speedy departurefrom the city. After promising to do so, andrepeatedly falsifying their word, it is said that theyleft on Wednesday afternoon, in the Express train forNew York, and thus (says the Chronotype) theyhave 'gone off with their cars full fleas to give thesolemn word for the dissolution of the Union'!! Telegraphic intelligence is received that PresidentFillmore has announced his determination to sustain,the Fugitive Slave Bill, at all hazards. Let him try! The fugitives, as well as the colored people generally,seem determined to carry out the spirit of theresolutions to their fullest extent. 

 MR. EDITOR: R. DITOR It is difficult to gusts the state of Mr. Drew's opticswhen, in his very recent observations of your vignette,he came to the conclusion that the slave openand mart in the cut were no longer identical with theCapital. I fancy, withal, that you have hardly hadtime to change heads since the passage of the law abolishingthe slave trade at Washington. Hitherto, thepicture has certainly been very appropriate, and as onemblem of the national genius, may stand as appropriatelyas ever, till the hydra-head is represents hasbreathed its 'last, lingering breath,' within our burdens. recent Z.T.H. A VALVAILS OPINION—VERY! A New York correspondentof the Post says:— ALVAILS PINION ERY 'If I were asked to make oath as to who I believedto be the greatest enemy of the slave, I should say,William Lloyd Garrison.' The author of the above exceedingly disremark is none other than A.L. STIMSON, who, whetheras President of the Eastern M. Library Association,Secretary of the Massachusetts Health InsuranceCompany proprietor of the California MowsLetter, or correspondent of the Boston Post, in equallyunfortunate,—having  down is each information,and gives  of greater  them mentalqualifications.  TIMSON  Boston Post    TRUTH. 

 Delivered in Milton, (Mass.) Oct. 30, 1850. Delivered in Milton, (Mass.) Oct. 30, 1850. BY J.P. LESLY. Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servantthat is escaped from his master unto thee. Deut. 23:15. He shall dwell with thee, wherever he shallchoose: thou shalt not oppress him 16. Some people think that the pulpit has no businesswith politics. In this, as in so many other things, peoplethink wrong. As long as politics are partly of asocial and partly of a religious nature,—as long as theycombine commercial elements with morality,—solong must they be discussed both in the pulpit and inthe forum. It will never do to make politics a trader for oneclass of society, and religion a trade for another. Itwould be a very convenient division of labor, in theeyes of the worldly, for both, and the world has doneits best to bring it about: but Christianity and theDivine Providence happily forbid it. Good men haveseen great evils in the whole system of modern divisionof labor, in manufacturing towns and cities; menconfined to making one part of one article of use inone trade, for the sake of speed and cheapness, havebeen seen to grow sick, stupid and criminal together.But bad as are the mischiefs of dividing labor,they are not to be compared with the mischievousconsequences of separating human labor and divinelaw,—social constitutions and individual conscience,—Political maxims and religious duties. Separate Politics and religion, and you release thelawyer and Politician from all wholesome restraint onthe one side, and throw the rains of ambition and venalityloose upon his neck; and on the other, youreduce the preacher and teacher to the easy oracle ofunnecessary and disregarded truths;—fine things, indeed,to listen to, but not to force upon the Senatefloor or in the Justice Court. And then next, youdivide every man's mind and life into two unevenparts, and teach him to feel one way when he sits inchurch, and set another way when he enters his officeor his shop. No, God forbid that the time should ever this land—and may He speedily bring it is a other lands—when the pulpit has no voice in and accepts no texts from the telegraph. Let more aso-called power, week and wicked on they to feel that they are servants to the , if theybe not to the common sense of the letter  oftheir fellow-men, and we shall speedily in refusedfrom the disgrace and sorrow of such Congress last. They will no more dare to outrage the  ofthe timed with compromises and Papers Laws.          When I stand in this pulpit be the will of and of this people, to declare what reason and lationannounce as good between man and man, true for evermore, and man who prefers to delegated authority and according to your that for you which may indeed to politic, but is neither good nor true, and them you in sins against your fallow-creaters and God, for which hot retribution certainly either in this world or in the next—I ask, the power that shall stop my mouth, to before God and this assembly such man their acts? Not the cer of the —a ! Not the  of the written Earth! Not the falsehood that every ,has its place, and the pulpit is  place for —for where else, when the trembling slave is through the land and damaged back to the  ofa malicious revenge,—where else  the issueof the tar shall he bay hold,—where Moses' seat shall issue the Mossic , beenlast thou deliver unto his under the servant was not escapedfrom his master's hand man that.' Womanin Christian pulpits shall the law of Christ, others as ye would that they should do to re-affirmed, when Congress-meaned Judges of theseStates annual it by their laws; Let  who rest assured that while I continue to be a number ofthe Gospel, I shall preach the politics of the of heaven, in the face of the politics of other republic; and would to God that a were here to do it better! What is the use of thepulpit, if it be not 'to cry aloud and spare not 'men of high degree are false' to their honor duties—when 'justice is fallen in the is turned backward, and equity entrance'—when the miserable 'cry  the' because of their oppressors,' and there is not views pity enough yet awakened to deliver; Last all salvation would that race be, whom dumb at such a time—and ten times who make their daily boast of equal rights and in whose charter stands, as the words, 'All men are born equal and arise environ all the shores of the . It a day of no small wrath indeed, on  for orators of this land were forbidden to repeat that tencein the pulpit—lie as it was and know, it iswhen it was written and sworn to at the ,and sworn to every year by office-bodies is quarter of the land. Here only,—her pulpit, and in your hearts, my friends, it is truth,—I shame to say it. And because it is truth, would men in Washington and Carin Boston, also, forbid my utterance of it .                            last thou deliver unto his under the servant                            her pulpit      This is not the first time, me friends, that  hasbeen called to a speak my admiration and my renceof the Constitution of this Union. did I feel abhorrence for it so profenix a More admirable than any ever penned with that tenceof universal freedom like a  aaround its brow, it stands nevertheless beings, and before the God who permitted ence,speechless and confounded, like a last tectedin, his first sin;—as if a cloud had and behold him playing lackey to a best of and thieves. Under the guardianship of rableand despicable Constitution, as under for ershipof that grand and worthless  ofNew England, who is its present best expermit, pettytyrants of the South have sent a  of herevil spirits northward, to roam about lions seeking whom they may devout,—me in theConstitution, our hands are tied and commanded to be dumb, while from before husbands living in peace and virtuous tornby these demons from their wives, wives hastheir husbands, mothers from the babes that much atheir breasts, and carried back into a captives wasto them who have once tested liberty thatand deaths. Taken back from  in think of that, if ye are freemen, as ye back from liberty into slavery—and why! O, heavens! hear the reason!—becr theyborn slaves. Because they had already give score or two of their best years of life to feet cloths the idle men and women who call themselvestheir owners; their owners—yes, they have served them soul and body these twenty, thirty years, and therefore it is but right that they shouldserve them the rest of their natural lives under thebeautiful stars. But God says—'Hear, my Thou shall not deliver unto his master the who is escaped from his master unto this.' the evidences of inspiration! Who here who not know that voice to be the voice of God; Is itcome through Moses, or through say other man. When God speaks, let the little Websters McLeans go hide themselves in the move-himwhere their politics belong. Let the king of theearth keep silence, and earth trouble for the butionof its iniquities. This voice of the Lord where it strikes the slender lightning rods of constitutions, set up to save the nation's .The nation's conscience, do I say! There is mostTo save the conscience of these who protiallyby the Constitution too largely to have it what isought to be, and therefore assert its thority.                         slavery   born    owners;   therefore     that         It is almost incredible that any but an use the language lately heard from out of of this country—a man in whom the spirit of the and of his profession must have effectually edand cast out the Spirit of God and of Jesus C.I refer to Judge McLean.      'Society,' said he, 'has a claim upon  its General rules have been adopted, in the form for the protection of the rights of persons [Not for the protection of the equal rights and persons of all you are, but only of the —thestrongest.] These laws lie at the foundation of thesocial compact, and their observance is  themaintenance of civilization. In these matters, sirlaw and not the conscience constitutions the rule of .      all   law and not the conscience  Who told Judge McLeon that! What my responsibility from the law written on any heartand in this book, to the hard-fought, ill-money-purchased, fear-compelled, inter—askingresolutions of a majority of my fellow-Washington, in Milton, or any where else! find that out unmistakably, I shall consider this JudgeMcLean to be a national deceiver, a false proagainst our God, and a mischief-maker in the world.But hear him further. He addresses you as yourmoral instructor, you observe:— that!       'You become unfaithful to the solemn injuriousyou have taken upon yourselves, when you yield toan influence which you call conscience, that pleasureyou above the law.' Does not this man, my friends, deserve a piousamong these 'pha and lawyers who rejected thecouncil of God 'against themselves,' and to whenChrist said, 'We unto you, lawyers, for with grievous burdens, and will not touch them yourselveswith one of your fingers;—we made you, forwe have taken away the key of knowledge to the of heaven'?    'When you yield to an influence which you occasions, that places you above the  and slave-.'Listen to the blasphemer! He evils theConstitution of these United States—a Constitutionwhich we all now know to have been a compromisebetween the weakness of the North and the slave-lastof the South—he dares to call that human andsinful charter by the awful title, sacred to the divinerevelation, 'the law and the testimony,' and then subjectto it the Christian conscience of every man unfortunateenough to be born his fellow-citizen.   slave-.   We must stand by the law. We are sworn tomaintain it. It is expected that the citizens of freeStates should be opposed to slavery. But with theobserver principles of slavery, we have nothing to do.As a political question, there could be no differenceof opinion among us on the subject. But our dutyis found in the Constitution of the Union, as constructedby the Supreme Court. The fugitives from labor weare bound, by the highest obligations, to deliver uponclaim of the master being made.' highest 'This shall not deliver unto his master the servantwhich is escaped from his master unto thee.' Certainly,this man is an atheist; for he calls the Constitution ofthe U.S., drawn up by Jefferson, the HIGHEST obligation;say, I beg pardon for my mistake, he calls the law of September, passed by the venerable sages and holymen in Congress then assembled, whose dignified demeanorand eminent wisdom and virtue had heldthe admiration of twenty millions of people for ninemonths entranced,—he calls that law the HIGHEST obresting on human American souls! This shall not deliver unto his master the servantwhich is escaped from his master unto thee. obligation law of September  that  No matter who these men were; no matter whatthey may have commanded, nor why; no matter howopposed to the eternal laws of our God and Judgeas heaven, we must, according to the principles ofthis man—and, alas! according to the principles oftoo many others—acknowledge them to be our masters,obey blindly their laws, support their nefarious tyranny,break the restraints of pity, benevolence and thelove of justice and liberty, and forget that God hassaid,' Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servantwhich is escaped from his master unto thee.' And all this must be done for the cause of civilization.First, then, a civilization which endures such aprinciple is worth less than barbarism. But where isthe true foundation of civilization, if not among thelaws of God revealed to man among the Jews andChristians? How, then, did the Jews and Christiansact? When the mutable laws of the land opposedthe immutable laws of God, whether under Antioch usEpiphanies, or under Domitian Csar, or underCharles the First of England, they disobeyed them;lever owned allegiance to any human law, for a moment,that obliged them to violate a divine. Who everheard of compromises and constitutions in the timeswhen men walked between soldiers to the cross, orgood like blazing torches along the streets of Rome?And thus did Christianity, by ignoring the constitutionsof empires and kingdoms, and republics, too,and denying the authority of laws passed for wickedpurposes by wicked men to be binding on its ownconscience to make it to sin,—thus did Christianityhold fast through the ages the clue to that future civilizationwhich such depraved intellects as speak suchspeech among us show that they have not yet begunto imagine,—a civilization towards which time runs.In aid lawful things, the Christian made no oppositionto his fellow-men, but lived peacefully and submissivelyamong them; ever ready to yield up his personalcivil rights to the wrongs raged aroundhim;—but when it came to bidding him do wrong, theeloquence of heathen lawyers quailed before the flashingof his indignant eyes, as he repudiated allegianceto the powers that were, whatever they were, and becameat once a citizen and subject of the heavens alone. civilization.  disobeyed for a moment do wrong We have not done yet with the example of theChristian. It was merely passive and non-resistant.'Judge McLean goes on to say, that this law laysno hardship upon any man; only requires him tostand aside and permit others to do the wickedness.'Our citizens generally,' he says, 'are not prohibitedfrom exercising the ordinary charities of life towardthe fugitive. To secrete him, or to convey him fromthe reach of his master, or to rescue him when inlegal custody, is forbidden.' 'This gives no justground of complaint.' Does it not? Did the earlyChristians regard fine, imprisonment, death, threatenedby law-makers in their day, when they could secreteand protect a wretched brother against whomthe officers of justice were out? Did they compromisetheir obedience of Divine Law with their patrioticveneration for human laws, by restricting theirsection to the ordinary charities of life towards the fugitive!O, it is hard to speak with moderation of thecoating falsehoods of this so-called Christian man ofjustice, because they are quoted with respect by news-paperswhich enlist in the interest of the same anti-Christiandoctrines the multitudes of the unthinkingand unprincipled. ordinary charities of life towards the fugitive! It is true that no Christian will speak of resistanceto the law by violence. But every true Christian willpractice disobedience to this law, and put his trust inheaven. And we are bound to give thanks this dayto heaven, that so many of the ministers of Christ havealready proclaimed this present duty, and that somany of the Christian people of the North have letthe murderers and thieves of slavery understand thatconscience is their law, and not the Constitution, thatGod to them is somewhat higher authority than man,and that, cost what it may to disobey, they will leaveit to eternity to decide whether it be not more expedientto obey God rather than man. resistance practice disobedience conscience is their law It may safely be left to slave-owners and merchantsgrown wealthy in the slave-grown products of theSouth, to moot the question whether slavery, in theAmerican sense of the term, was an element in theHebrew polity. And it may also safely be left tocribes to settle the question whether Moses wrote thePentateuch, or whether it was compiled in the daysof David, or whether it appeared in its present completeform, as the Mosaic theocratic constitution, notuntil king Josiah's days. For whether the Jewish people,in their barbarism or in their civilization, couldreceive the true ideas and realize the heavenly blessingsof Liberty or not, there sounded through theages then, as now, the Voice of God to all men,Thou shalt not deliver up the escaped slave to hismaster! Whether the open annunciation of this lawof universal liberty was made to Syrians alone, or tothe Semitic race alone, or to the mingled racesaround the Mediterranean sea,—whether in the ageof the Exodus, or a thousand years later, it was amere echo against one national wall of the voice oflove and mercy, that seeks and finds the same echothroughout the universe. We leave to future scientificdiscoveries to settle the vexed questions of comparativeethnology, and come to fixed conclusions, itsuch be possible, about the historic origin and stirpaldistinctions of mankind; for it matters not at allwhether the negro is of a distinct creation from thewhite, or whether the same ancestral blood coursesthrough his veins and ours;—he is a man,—and thereis but one God;—and Moses was his prophet.And not a heart beats, undepraved by the ownership of fleshand blood, that does not confess the most absoluteuniversality to the principle of human right embodiedin that command—'Thou shalt not deliver unto hismaster the servant which is escaped from his masterunto thee.' man prophet. When the revelation which God decreed for mankind,through Jesus Christ his Son, announced thatall men should love all men as themselves, it gathered allformer and fragmentary revelations into one, and setaside, or caused to be forgotten, many an imperfect lawwhich only half fulfilled its purpose. The piety of offeringsthus became obsolete, and the legal eye for eyeand tooth for tooth dared not be mentioned by thosewho entered the kingdom of heaven. The Law of Lovebecame a touchstone to try all consciences, all maximand all acts. Whatever was of absolute and universalgoodness in the old, it embodied and made vital itthe new. Stronger than was the ancient Letter was theholy Spirit,—Why, then, did Paul send back Onexi? all men should love all men as themselves  The question has been often asked, and perhapscannot be answered. This much is, however, certain,that he did not send him back because. Christianitywas the advocate of slavery. It must be a newlight to set the Apostle to the Gentiles in, to makehim the peaceable, conservative, compromising fugitive-deliverer. It is idle to conjecture what personaland peculiar relations subsisted between the threeChristians; it is impossible to tell how Onesimushimself felt, what he proposed, what Philemon hadbeen to him before his flight, or what he was to himafter his return. The whole story is obscure. Thismuch is evident, that to return and be received byhis former master, 'no longer as a servant, but as abrother beloved,' 'not for a season, but forever,' wasthe happiest fate that Paul could devise for him, andafter which, no doubt, his own heart yearned. not Now when the U. States becomes a Roman empire,with no Canada beyond it to the North for fugitivesto flee to,—when every Southerner becomes a Philemon,and every fugitive an Onesimus, and everyslave-hunter an apostle Paul, it will be time enoughto quote this story in behalf of laws for delivering upfugitives to bondage. But when that time comes, slaverywill be a forgotten we, and ownership in fleshand blood a mere historical enormity. From Moses we turned to Christ. So must we dofrom Paul. It matters little what Paul did or said onthis or any other question, upon which we have sufficientdirection from the blessed lips of God's dearSon. Would any law of man's enacting have inducedHim to return the trembling freeman into hopelessbondage, did he walk among us now, as once he didin Palestine! Would he not have stood before theslave-hunters and their new commissioners, and offeredhimself for the slave, as he did in Gethsemane,saying—' Ye seek me,—let these, then, go their way'? Him Palestine! Imagine him turning a deaf ear to the pursued,who fled to him for shelter and concealment, and sayingto him—Friend, I pity you, but I dare not helpyou; it is against the law. Daniel Webster has said thatall good men obey the laws, and that it requiresprinciple to do so in unpleasant cases; and Judge McLeanhas told us that all we can show you is the'ordinary charities' of life. it is against the law. principle ordinary charities Ah! what is the law to me, Lord? would the suppliantreply. Am I to perish in the rice swamps ofAlabama, far from my wife and children and happyhome, because bad men have made a law for you toobey, Lord? Imagine the Savior saying, in reply—I cannot helpyou, friend; it is a hard case; I pity you from myheart; but I dare not conceal you, or help you toconceal yourself, for I shall be fined thousands ofdollars, and probably be put in jail, if I do. We canonly wait and try to repeal the law next winter. dare Next winter! Lord! Next winter I shall be pastall hope. With hundreds more, I shall be a broken-heartedslave. The hunter is at my heels—there is nojudge to appeal to, no jury to listen to my case, nohabeas corpus act for my friends to use to save me!I can prove that I was born a freeman; I can provethat my mother was a free woman, and my father afree man, but they will give me no time. The law saysthat the process must be 'summary' to answer its intendedends, and the Commissioner will receive twiceas large a fee if he commits me, as he will if he letsme go. I have no hope but in goodness; concealme, Lord, protect me, Lord, or my wife will bea widow and my children orphans, and I the mostwretched of mankind! Imagine the Savior still replying—I cannot, friend!it is against the law! Think of what the Secretary ofState and the Attorney General have said; think ofthe risk I would run; remember I am an Americancitizen; I voted for Daniel Webster to go to Congress;I have sworn to uphold the Constitution andto obey the laws. Be considerate, now, and bear yourfate like a man! think ofthe risk I would run; Oh! how dare I put such words into such lips?Men and women, ye bear the name of Christians,and stand in the place of Christ; beware lest ye betempted to speak these very words for him. Bewarelest by doing nothing, ye 'deliver the slave that hasescaped unto his master again.' Do you wonder thatthe poor blacks whom you have not succored hitherto,despairing of your protection in this worse thanall past storms, fly to the pistol and the sword for safety,and call your Christ, as it deserves to be called, asham and mockery of Him who came 'to set the prisonerfree?' Yes, in the shame and sorrow and indignant impotencewhich we all now feel, there is a just punishmentfor our past cruelty and injustice to the Africanrace in our midst. We have never treated them asmen, and now we dare not even succor them aswretches. We have robbed them of their socialstanding, individual worth and civil rights, and nowwe cannot even save them from being re-plunged intothe abyss of the infamous South. We have consentedto send men to Washington who were in the interestof Northern commerce with the South, who debatedon Southern soil, surrounded by a Southernpopulace, within hearing of a slave-auction mart, bulliedand bribed alternately by Southern tyrants; andthese men, after always yielding up the liberty of theoppressed among us, have finished at length by consigningus to the just infamy of an obedience to theworst of tyrannical statutes. I say that it is a justpunishment upon you, Whigs and Democrats, Christiansand Americans at once, for having so long up-helda government which has stood dishonored andabhorred by Christendom from its beginning, forthis very reason,—that prating of liberty, it has refusedto let the slave go free. us Now, all our hope lies here: That the discussion ofthis law throughout the land, this fall, will so accustomall men to the use of terms which imply thatblack men are men and citizens like white men, thatthe moral sense of these Northern States will be rectifiedand confirmed,—or, better yet, that they shallso assert their strength in Congress as forever to annihilatethe despotic energy for evil which animatesthe South. Were we less strong, our sin would beless; but having all power in our hands, as we havelong had, we must stand without excuse and speechlessfor its misuse these many years. What remains for you, my friends, to do, to this:to obey the laws of Moses and of Christ, and to givethis law of Congress to the winds. It cannot bindyou, for it runs counter to the skies. Then next, aid,harbor and protect the oppressed whenever you beholdhim. And finally, vote for no man, or any party inpolitics, who will not pledge himself to have that lawrepealed, and the whole Constitution so amendedthat there shall not live a slave on American ground.Think of no other point; let party principles andmeasures lie for a time; this is the duty of the day.And may the God of nations speedily redress thewrongs of that down-trodden race! Amen. THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL: Its History and Unconstitutionality,with an account of the seizure and enslavementof James Hamlet, and his subsequent restorationto liberty. New York: William Harmed,61 John street. HE UGITIVE LAVE ILL This is a pamphlet of 31 pages, published by theAmerican and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society. It isadapted to meet the present crisis, and should be circulatedin every corner of our country, light or dark,and sown broad-cast over the entire face of the freeStates. It may be had at $2 per hundred. For saleat 21 Cornhill. WOONSOCKET, R.I. The Convention expected tobe held at this place on Saturday and Sunday next,(though not advertised,) is necessarily deferred. OONSOCKET CORRECTION. In last Liberator—in article, 'TheFancuil Hall meeting,' &c.—4th paragraph, 3d line—for 'I know that it seems,' read 'I know that it secures.' ORRECTION. 

 Mr. Asty Henry  spoke  powerancient Mineral H Friday evening , on thesubject of slavery. Her speech was one of remarkableclearness and power, and held the listeningstrong in close attention for nearly three hours. Sheevidently made a performed impression. We neverheard an abler discoursed from the distinguished advocateof human rights. Notwithstanding has labors in the West during the past summer, thestood before the assembly the picture of health and, showing no signs of weariness or want of meal.We opine that her wait to Rochester will prove oflasting benefit.       She commenced her address by a rapid and lucidrecapitulation of the promises and professions ofNorthern politicians favorable to freedom during thepast two years, who wing that slavery was to be limitedand freedom extended, the slave-power humbledand liberty exalted: and, as a sequel she recountedthe dual-sickening incidents of cowardice, treacheryand corruption on the part of Northern men, bywhich the very opposites of all their promises hadbeen realized. Slavery had been completely victorious,and freedom as completely vanquished. TheSouth had had everything its own way in the organizationOf territorial governments, in the settlementof the boundary of Texas, and in the enactment ofthe atrocious fugitive slave bill. Day after day,(saidthe gifted lecturer,) since the election of GeneralTaylor, the heavens have been overcast with darkand portentous clouds, which, one after another, havesettled down above the horizon in one mans of terrificblackness, overshadowing the land with gloomand despair. The alarmed fugitives were rising upin multitudes from all parts of the free States, andmoving off from out doomed country to a land of safety.There had been a time when she had counseledthe fugitive slave to remain here, and avoid Canada.She had hoped that the day had passed when the fugitiveslave could be recaptured in the North. Sheno longer entertained that hope; and therefore shean longer gave such counsel. The recant recapturesat New York and elsewhere, warned the slaveto escape, and to seek safety beyond the bounds ofthe United States. After describing the present asa time of deep gloom and terrible solemnity, Mrs. Fosterturned with much emphasis to the demonstrationsof joy trade at the North and South overthe settlement by Congress of the slavery question,and inferred from them that the present is the darkestand most direful period for freedom which shehad witnessed during the last fifteen years. 'Whatmeans this rejoicing', said she. 'Why, but a fewyears ago, we were looking forward to the repeal ofthe obtainable law of 33, and now the North in rejoicingover the passing of the recently enacted fugitiveslave bill.' Another proof that beyond thedeepest depth, there is a deep still more profound.The picture here of retrogradation was chilling, andpainful to look upon, and the mind straggled to riditself of the saddening truth. From this a point, the discourse of our eloquentfriend widened out into a broad and philosophical expositionof the governing elements of the AmericanUnion. She absolutely denied that freedom had everachieved a victory over slavery in this countrythrough the national government, and very boldlydeclared such a victory to be morally impossible. While there are fifteen hundred millions of dollarsinvested in slave property—while it is constitutionallyrepresented to the floor of Congress, and whilemen are required to swear to support that Constitution,slavery will continue to give laws to the Republic,and it is beyond the power of men or angelsto prevent it. It was a great mistake to suppose that cumbersruled in this or any other government. Capital hasalways ruled, and must, to the nature of things, continueto do so. Capital controls labor; and thatwhich controls the labor of a country, will control thegovernment of that country. For two hundred years,England was ruled by a landed aristocracy, and thesame power would rule at the present moment inthat country, but that its influence has been neutralizedby manufacturing and commenced interests. Itwas these interests combined which repealed the CornLaws, and gave 'Free Trades men to the BritishGovernment. This was inevitable from the very natureof the forces which give direction to nationalbodies. Now, in the Northern States, there is no counteractingcapital to the capital invested in slaves; andthe South must therefore rule, and the North submitto be ruled, so long as the 'union with slaveholders'is maintained; for while the South is of necessityunited, the interests of the North are such as to renderher people disunited. The argument on this part of the subject wasstraightforward, clear and convincing. The attentionof the assemblage was profound, and many appearedastonished that a woman should be able topresent a subject so complicated as the one underconsideration in a manner at once so philosophicaland so statesmanlike. Mrs. Foster then reviewed the history of the country,embraced within the last forty years. She re-countedthe various conflicts between freedom andslavery that had occurred during that period; andshe declared that, while slavery had come out fromevery conflict stronger, the North had retreated fromthe field weaker than when she entered; and so mustit ever be while the unhallowed compact remains,—Our only hope was in the dissolution of the Union. The letter part of the discourse was peculiarlytouching, as the spoke on the duty of hiding the out-cast,and of 'bewraying not him that wandereth,' andreverted to the inhuman law recently passed for therecapture of fugitives; and many tears bore testimonyto the deepness and strength of the feeling awakened.As we listened to her earnest words, we blessedGod that the slave had such an advocate as AbbyKelley Foster.—F.D. 

 Outrageous Conduct of a Boat's Cress, resulting inOne Death, and the Attempted Suicide of Two FugitivesSlaves.—We are called upon this morning to recordone of the grossest and most inhuman outrages thathas ever come under our notice. It is the diabolicalconduct of the crew of one of the boats upon theErie Canal, towards a colored family who were passengerswith them, resulting in the attempted suicide ofthe father and mother, and the drowning of theirchild! It appears that the man, named William Harris,and his wife and child, succeeded, a few weekssince, in escaping from their master, in South Carolina.At Philadelphia, they came under the notice ofthe friends of the fugitive, who aided them northward.At Albany, some friends paid their passage to Rochester,where they were to cross the lake to Canada.On Monday last, the crew of the boat on which theywere, learned that they were fugitives, and immediatelydevised a plan to trouble and terrify them, probablythereby finding amusement. On Monday night,some of the human fiends, in prosecuting their plans,went to the berth of the man Harris, and awakinghim, informed him that his master was on the boat,and that they would surrender him and his familyinto his hands. Harris drew a dirk with which hewas armed for self-defence drove the scoundrels ondeck, and by his decisive manner and actions, keptthem at bay till morning. In the morning, he wasinformed that his master had left the boat and gone onto Syracuse; he would there meet him on the arrivalof the boat. On Tuesday evening, about 5 o' clock,the boat came to a stopping-place at the first LodiLock, about a mile east of this city. As is often thecase, a number of persons went aboard the boat.Harris supposed they came to take him, being so informedby some of the crew. In his desperation, heseized his razor, and drawing it forcibly across histhroat, jumped into the Canal. His wife, with theirchild in her arms, leaped after him; all determined todie rather than again come under the slaveholder'spower. Efforts were then made to rescue the drowningfamily. Harris and his wife got out, but thechild was drowned. Outrageous Conduct of a Boat's Cress, resulting inOne Death, and the Attempted Suicide of Two FugitivesSlaves. Harris was immediately conveyed to the office ofDr. Hoyt, who dressed his wounds, and gave himother needful attention. It was found that the cutwas not so bad as it might have been, although severingthe wind-pipe, but being too high up, did notprove fatal. A Slave-Hunter Foiled.—About two years since, astout, stalwart negro, who, for several years previous,had been claimed by a resident of a certain town inVirginia as his property, escaped from his master, andcame to this city. He stated his case to several coloredcitizens, and had no trouble in finding truefriends. A day or two since, the Virginian whoclaimed the runaway flesh and blood as his property,arrived in pursuit of the negro, and the fact soon becomingknown to one or two of those who are 'determinedto stay away or die,' they communicated thecircumstance to certain members of the VigilanceCommittee, appointed at the late meeting in FancuilHall. Measures were promptly taken, first to seethat the property was sale, and secondly, to ascertainthe truth of the rumor that the 'hunter' was in thecity. The fact of his presence among us, and his missionbeing ascertained beyond a doubt, the negro wasquietly conveyed out of the city, and more than twentyfour hours have now elapsed since he was beyondthe reach of his former master. Thus has quietlyended the first fugitive slave case in Boston.—Mer.Journal. A Slave-Hunter Foiled. property property Mer.Journal. A High Jump.—On Friday afternoon, some personswere pursuing a colored women, said to have beena runaway servant, when she got into a vacant threestory house, on the southeast corner of Fawn andHigh streets, and pasting up stairs, got on the roof,from which she finally jumped to the street below.She was taken up badly hurt, and carried away. Wewere unable to learn her name, or to whom she belonged.The leap was a fearful one, and she wasurged not to make it by those who saw her, as itlooked as if it would be certain death.—Ball. Sun. A High Jump. Ball. Sun. Great Excitement.—The colored population of thiscity and their prudential committees were considerablyexcited by the announcement that a fugitive slavehad been lodged in our jail last evening, and was tobe taken back in the cars this morning. Accordingly,quite a large number of colored people, armed withbludgeons, and fierce as tigers, were promptly at thedepot, to resist the officers. After a diligent search, nofugitive was to be found. A guard was placed aroundthe jail to prevent the fugitive being taken away.The Marshal and Sheriff were watched with intenseinterest, and after some riotous and inflammatoryspeeches, the crowd was finally dispersed, on informationbeing given to them that the fugitive slave wasno other than a white man arrested on a warrant fromhis honor Judge Conkling.—Ogo Times. Great Excitement. fugitive Ogo Times.  EXCELLENT—THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL. Dr. WilliamElder, of Philadelphia, in a letter to the editorof the Chronotype, says— XCELLENT HE UGITIVE LAVE ILL. I know of five Commissioners, all of whom wereappointed under the passage of the bill. Col. Kaneinstantly resigned his commission, on the assignedground that he could not honorably perform the newduties required of him. Mr. Plitt has requestedand authorized a friend publicly to deny for himthat he has issued any warrants for the arrest offugitives. Of two others, I have heard that onewill not issue a warrant, and of the other, who is alawyer of high standing, that he holds the law to beunconstitutional, and will not issue a warrant underit; and if a slave be brought before him, upon anysuch process, he will discharge him. Of the fifthCommissioner I can say nothing, for I know nothing.My impression is, that the enemy has but one valuableman in Philadelphia, at the most, and he maythink better of it when he looks at the matter allround. Riot and Rescue.—A negro man was arrested forlarceny in Camder, N.J., on Sunday night, lastweek, and while the constables were conveying himto jail, passing near a church where a colored congregationwas assembled, he raised the cry of 'Kidnappers!'when the vehicle on which he rode was surroundedby a mob of men and women, armed withwhatever missiles they could put their hands on: theharness was cut to pieces, and the man was  at liberty.The riot continued; the mayor and sheriffwere upon the ground, and several of the ring-leaderswere captured, but the chief escaped. Riot and Rescue.  Important Slave Case. Philadelphia, Oct. 25.—Thesuit for damages against Weakly and others, forslaves rescued, has been brought to a close by thejury being unable to agree. They stood ten in favor,and two against it. Important Slave Case. Philadelphia, Oct. Northern Coasters.—We have given our unqualifiedapprobation to the determination of the planters invarious parishes to employ no more Northern coasters,and we deem it a fortunate thing that the firstinstance in which this resolve has been carried outshould have been of such a character as to leave nodoubt of the act being solely dictated by the avowedprinciple. Capt. Conklin, who arrived here recentlyin command of the schooner Ann E. Conklin, andwho has been employed for the last fifteen years inbringing rice from Senate to this city, was yesterdayinformed by his old employers that they would givehim no more patronage—and this from no dissatisfactionwith him, but for the sake of a principle whichthey approved, and felt bound to carry it out. Fewmasters of Northern coasters had as strong claims asCapt. Conklin to be made an exception to the rule, onaccount of his long employment in the trade, and theuniform satisfaction he had given. But the feelingwas that there should be no exceptions; that the ruleshould be inflexible, and the exclusion universal. Welearn that Capt. Conklin has sailed for Savannah inquest of business.—Charleston Mercury. Northern Coasters. Charleston Mercury. Southern Law, Greenburg, M.C., Oct. 25.—A mannamed McBridge, convicted of circulating [anti-slavery]documents, has been sentenced to stand inthe pillory one hour, receive twenty lashes, and oneyear a imprisonment. Southern Law, Greenburg, M.C., Oct. The Prisoners in Washington.—Two years and sixmonths since, Captain William Damper and CaptainEdward Sears were imprisoned in the City Prison ofWashington, for aiding in the escape of seventy slavesfrom the District of Columbia. We are informed, bya gentlemen who has visited them every week sincetheir confinement, that they are now in deep poverty,and have suffered and will suffer for want of clothingand other comforts common to all in our country, unlessrelieved by the contributions of those who are inpossession of the liberty they are deprived of, andwhose efforts to provide for themselves have beenblessed of God with abundance. At his request, andwith great pleasure, we call the attention of our readersto the necessities of these prisoners, both of whomare worthy of their aid and sympathy; and any contributionssent to us shall be carefully devoted to therelief of their wants.—National Era. The Prisoners in Washington. National Era. Judge Sharkey of Mississippi, the President of theNashville Convention, has made a public address infavor of the Union, and of acquiescing in the actionof Congress on the slavery questions. He said, substantially,that he was satisfied with it—SpringfieldRep. SpringfieldRep. Charleston, S.C., Oct. 24.—The people of this Stateare loud in expressions of determination to result untodeath the encroachments of the North. Charleston, S.C., Oct. The State election is Massachusetts takes place onMonday, Nov. 11. Jenny Lind's Charity Connect at Boston.—Thefollowing are the charities to which the proceeds of thisconcert have been allotted:— Jenny Lind's Charity Connect at Boston. Table  Table  Deaths at San Francisco.—We find in the NewYork Tribune a list of the deaths in the San FranciscoState Marine Hospital from the 6th of May, 1850,(thedate of the opening of the institution,)to the 15th ofSeptember. Among the number we notice the namesof the following New England men, the death of someof whom may not have been previously recorded: Deaths at San Francisco. C.B. Packhard, of Boston, merchant, 30, JohnDinson of do., physician 48, Henry French, of RhodeIsland, seaman, 36, Jos L.B. Tenet, of Salem, carpenter,34; Wm. Davis, of Nantucket, seamen, 31;Silas Burnham, of Boston, mechanic, 44; PrescottJones, of do., seamen, 36; john Baker, of Maine,seaman, 28; Lawrence Jacobs, of Boston, carpenter,35; Rutney Emerson, of Malden, Mass., shoemaker,27; Culvin Willard, of Mass., cook, 28; John Sinufleth,of Boston, seaman, 45; C.E. Clantman, ofSalem, seamen, 32; John Warren, of Mass., seamen,39; Hiram Cook, of Conn., steward, 36; A. Goodwin,of New London, seamen, 23; Johnson W. Norton, ofJohnsport, Me., seamen, 81; Chas. Molton, of Boston,carpenter, 37; Samuel Steele, of Conn., mechanic, 27;Malone Higley, of Boston, seamen, 35. The New Census—Population of Baltimore.—Fromthe returns already made by the census takers in thiscity, it is pretty well ascertained that the populationof Baltimore will be found to be not less than onehundred and eighty thousand, and there is a reasonableprobability that it may reach even one hundred andeighty-five thousand. The New Census Population of Baltimore. onehundred and eighty thousand one hundred andeighty-five thousand. Oswego Times Office, Oct. 24.—The Reilly Telegraph(Brain's patent)sent its first flash to this place to-day.We can now communicate directly with the East andthe West, over a first-rate line, at reasonable rates. Oswego Times Office, Oct. The Mystery Explained,—The cause of the manysudden deaths at Kalamazoo, a week or two age, whichwas imputed to the cholera, is thus explained by theChicago journal: A bottle of corrosive sublimatewas mistaken for vinegar, and mixed with the mustard.The number of deaths was thirteen, eight at Kalamazoo,two at Marshall, two at Grand River, andone at Mottville. The Mystery Explained Massachusetts.—The valuation of Massachusetts willexceed $500,000,000. The valuation of Boston for1849 was as follows: Real estate $102,827,500; valuationof personal estate, 71,362,700 dollars. Total,$174,180,200. Massachusetts. ☞An editor being challenged, replied—'onefool can bend a challenge, but it takes two to fight aduel. The duel did not come off 

 It was not mine to hear thine earnest voice,For truth and justice eloquently pleading;Thy warm appeals for those who ne'er rejoiceIn Freedom's smile, the chained, heart-crushed andbleeding.     Yet though I may not see thee face to face,I love thee with a warm and true affection;Thou faithful champion of an outcast race,May Heaven accord to thee its kind protection!    She is a martyr who can cross the wave,In humble faith upon her God relying;Bidding her native land adieu, to saveThe perishing, in mental darkness dying.    The world looks, on in wonder, half aghast,To see such heroism in a woman;The churches' benisons on her are cast,And she is reckoned more divine than human.    But thou, with courage more heroic yet,Hast braved the torrent of abuse and storming;Colder and sterner spirits thou hast mat,Than the amid the heathen leads of morning.    O, faithful-hearted! thou hast given up all—All the sweet joys that cluster round Home's altar,And given thy life far those in captive thrall,With a devotion that will never falter. all    Forth from the ask of happiness and love,Stiffing the feelings of smile and mother,Thou jour like the Patriarch's faithful dove,In pity far the sorrows of another:  smile    Pleading for her condemned in chairs to mourn,Driven to her unpaid labors, scourged and gory,Whose helpless babes are from her bosom torn,Beneath our Ponatry's stars and stripes of glory!    Thou  no reward, but if will come!The wreath of amaranth shall yet be given,When thou at last shalt, reach a peaceful home,Upon the bright and stormless shore of Heaven.     

 Table  Table  By Luring Moody, from September 30: Table  Table  J.C. HATHAWAX. Boston, 10th me. 26th, 1850. ☞Crosby &Nichols have just published a pamphlet,entitled 'The Function and Place of Conscience,in Relation to the Laws of Men; a Sermonfor the Times; preached at the Melodeon, on Sunday,Sept. 22, 1850. By Theodore Parker. Publishedby request.' This is an earnest and faithful effortof a gifted and fearless mind, which is making itsmark upon the age. We hope it will be extensivelyread and circulated at the present time. Extractshereafter. The Sermon we have given in the preceding columns,by the Rev. J.P. Leady of Milton, to as reasonableas it is cogent and emphatic. We thank theauthor of it for the privilege of laying is before ourreaders. The poetical lines, 'In View of the Fugitive SlaveBill,' shall be given next week. 

 A Paris paper states that Madame P, wifeof the celebrated equation and ,proposes is make in  on a live bull, in thecharacter of .     Colored .—The Governor General of the Canadahas directed the organization of an Independent Rifle he  of the colored men of the. Colored .     ☞While Word,' she  port and politicalwriter, died in Washington, suddenly, in thenight of the 22d last.  

 This convention was held in Worcester on the 23dand 24th inst., and we regret to say that we havebarely time and room, this week, hastily to say, thatin point of numbers, spirit and ability, it far exceededour most sanguine hope and expectations, and wasreally the noblest series of meetings that we ever attended.Days and evenings, Brinley Hall was crowdedwith as intelligent, orderly, and interested a classof people as we ever-saw assembled and the speakingwas uniformly the best we ever heard from such alarge number of speakers. Lucretia Mott, PaulinaDavis, Mrs. Tyndale, Wm. H. Channing, WendellPhillips, Lucy Stone, Stephen S. and A.K. Foster,Abby H. Price, Miss Brown, Frederick Douglass, MissMorey, Mrs. Rose—these, that come crowding uponour mind, with others whose names we do not remember,and have not room to record, all spoke witha clearness, an earnestness, a directness, an eloquence,a philanthropy, an impressiveness, and apower, that inspired us with a fresh hope of humanity,and a new purpose to consecrate ourself to a Physical,intellectual and moral redemption of the wholerace. We should like exceedingly to speak of theaddress and remarks of each, but must reluctantly for-bear.God bless all these noble men and women,and raise up more like them to labor in the greatwork of universal reformation, unity and happiness!Meanwhile, may all those who were present at theConvention and sympathizing with it, cherish theholy and sublime aspirations and purposes awakenedwithin them, and unitedly and continually labor for therealization of what they long for! By and by, thosewho mean to be the doers of the word, as well ashearers and speakers of it, will organize Communitieson the principles of justice and equality, in harmonywith the law of celestial love. Let us hope on andever. There is 'a good time coming.' The Kingdomof God draweth near!—F. ☞We copy the foregoing notice of the WorcesterConvention from the Practical Christian, as anexact transcript of our own feelings and sentimentsin regard to the proceedings of that highly intellectualand moral assembly. Our readers shall hereafterbe furnished with the letters, addresses and speechesread or made on the occasion, as far as practicable. 

 ANTHROPOLOGY; or the  of Mrs. aits bearing on War and Slavery and to Argumentsfrom the Bible, Marriage, God, Death, ,Amendment and Government  ofthese and other social wrongs; is a Sense of to a Friend in England. By Henry C.M. Price 25 cts. NTHROPOLOGY      Henry C. Wright Auto-Biographer—$1 .  Narrative of the Life of William W. Brown, tiveSlave, written by —.    Blbb's Narrative of American Slavery—The Church as it is; or the Forters Hope of Very. By Parker Pillsbury—.    Narrative of the Life of Freedom Douglass—is   Nature's Divine Bevelatons, &c. By Davis—$2 00. Also. The Philosophy of Providences. A voice. By the same 15 cts.    The Great Harmonis, being a Philosophical tionof the Natural, Spiritual, and veres. Volume let. The Physician Jackson Davis.     May 24.   

 A well-attended meeting of the citizens of thistown was held at their Town Hall on Monday eveninglast, to take into consideration the recent FugitiveSlave Law, and their duty under the circumstances.D.P. TYLES, Esq. was chosen to preside, and E.Scarborough appointed Secretary. The meeting wasaddressed with much earnestness, and in a veryunited spirit of abhorrence and condemnation of thelaw, by G.G. Channing, C.C. Burieigh of Plainfield,D.P. Tyler, J. Weleh. Samuel May, Jr., and others.A resolution, offered by Dr. J.B. Whitcomb, stronglycondemning the Fugitive Law as unconstitutional,unchristian and tyrannical, and declaring thepurpose of the meeting utterly to disregard it, wasunanimously adopted.—M. YLES ☞Circumstances have been such, for several dayspast, as to prevent us from attending to our editorialduties. We have a large number of communications,together with many interesting articles, waiting forpublication; but it is impossible to compress the Atlanticocean into a quart measure. A daily paper cannotkeep pace with the stirring movements of thetimes, even on the one subject of slavery. The wholecountry is in commotion. 

 PERSONSvisiting Boston to spend a few days find a quiet home at my house. No. 21 Court. Terms, 75 cts per day. Central Court at No. 238 Washington street. ERSONS    Sept. 20 JOHN M. SPEAK. 

 The Weymouth and Braintree Anti-Slavery Societywill hold their ANNUAL FAIR during the last weekin October. The collection of beautiful and useful articles willbe larger than of any previous occasion, and it ishoped that many friends from neighboring to was willfind it convenient to attend. Any donations of money or articles will be thankfullyreceived. HANNAH PIERCE, President. President. MARY WESTON, Secretary. ARY ESTON Secretary. 

 THIS is a prompt and certain cure fir immand the various summer complaints of the .It is a remedy which the former prop has in his practice for the last ten years success. If taken in , it will present entery and Cholera. The first symptoms of the Cholerais a slight Diarrhea, which, if  to cheeked, oftentimes terminates fatally. If dialis taken on the first appearance of this symptom,it will be sure to cheek the and prevent, perhaps, a fatal result. It is a blecompound, pleasant to take and periceatin its operation on the system. Eve ofDr. Clark's patients have offered their favor of this cordial, who have expressed to ficialeffects on their own persons. It is no tionon the public, but a medicine which  atthat is claimed for it. HIS                   It is put up extra pint battles, at the excretinglow price of 50 cents each, which makes it some in the meant of those in moderate .   Prepared and sold by CLARK, PORTER 382 Washington street, Boston. Sold also by di&Co., S State street; Brown &Price, Sylvanus Dodge, Danvers; David Mend &Co., .     

 Alarmed at the operation of the new FugitiveSlave Law, the Fugitives from slavery are pressingNorthward. Many have been obliged to flee precipitately,leaving behind them all the little they haveacquired since they escaped from slavery. They arecoming to us in increasing numbers, and they look tous for aid. Oppressed by the tyranny of a heartlessand God-defying government, who will help them?Their first and most earnest desire is for employment.That is the greatest charity which finds it for them.Help us, then, all you who are friends of the fugitive,to extend to them this charity, this sample justice.Let all, who know, or can learn of places which maybe filled by these men, women and youths, give informationby letter or otherwise, to ROBERT F. WALLCUT,or SAMUEL MAY, Jr., 21 Cornhill, Boston. employment. OBERT ALLCUT AMUEL AY Friend, whoever you are that reads these lines thisappeal is made to you. Cannot you find, or procure,one or more places where the hunted slave may abidesecurely, and work through the winter? We wantyou to attend to this AT ONCE. N.B. Many of the fugitives come very poorly providedwith clothing; and those who have garmentsof any kind to spare, will be sure to couter them onthe suffering and needy by sending them, marked'For fugitives,' at 21 Cornhill, as above. NOTICE. A colored man where to obtain a situationas conclusion or cutter, having been  accustomedto that week. Apply at 21 Cornhill. OTICE.  ☞Read the following paragraph from the democratic(!!!) Boston Post:—. ☞ H.  has published a letteraddressed  there  Quincy and J.R. Lowell, ally never,  and just. Mrs.Pear man a good , and akind . We considered the abuse heaped upon him is Fancuil Hall, for returningthe runaway slave, by the white kid philanthropists,as a gross outrage upon a patron gentlemen,and we are glad to one he is resolved not to submitto further result without resistance.           

 APREPARATION of extraordinary , inthe cure of Scrofulous Affections,  ofevery description, secondary SyphiUlcers, Fever or Mercurial Sores,  andKidney Diseases, Costiveness, tting of E,general Debility common to Feet, sluggish Circulation, &c. A or Scrofulous Tumors on the neck, which never fail to remove, if taken  to and faithfully persevered in. PREPARATION             

 The ladies of the First Independent Baptist FemaleSociety will celebrate their twelfth anniversary onTuesday evening, Nov. 5th, at 7, P.M., in the brickMeeting-House in Smith's Court. Bolknap street.An address will be delivered by Prof. Wm G. Allam,and a selection of appropriate music will be performedby the chair. The friends and generous publicare invited to attend. A collection will be taken, toaid their Sewing Circle. ☞After the exercises in the Church, an entertainmentwill be given, in the Infant School Room.Tickets, 25 cents. To be obtained of the Committeeand at the door. E.R. DAVIS, President. President. SUSAN GARRISON, Secretary. USAN ARRISON Secretary. 

 From numerous respectable testaments success the beneficial effects of Drs. Clark &Porter cen,we feel it a duty to recommend the  andicintto those afflicted with ulous  andall diseases arising from an  state of the .We know several persons who have  the of this panacea, and they consider it for the for which it was designed, the best preoffered to the public. It has been administrated success for chronic diseases of the and various other complaints, consumption, with ulcerations of the large, in the certificates of cures. We have no  tosaving that we believe the Anti-S will do all that the proprietors it will take prescience of all other prein use.  Thus is a volunteer notice or of the writer, who has  other interest in the  ofthe medicine farther than the wish to make extensively known and appreciated. We are paid learn that the increasing demand for PORTER'S panacea induced them to old quarters in Carver street for the  and specious establishment No. 332 Washington Liberty Tree Block. Success to                   Anti-S            ORTER'S      ☞Having derived much benefit from the use ofthis Penaces, we say 'ditto' to Ed. Lib.  Ed. Lib. Sept.1 

 LORING MOODY, having been duly appointed anAgent of the 'Chaplin Fund Committee,' will speakon the subject of his imprisonment, and the means ofhis deliverance, in ORING OODY Table  Table  The friends of freedom and humanity at the above-namedplaces will please to make the necessary arrangementsfor the meetings. 

 THE uniform success which has attended the of this preparation—its salutary effect—is to relieve and cure affections of the lungs, gained for it a celebrity equaled by so other cine.We offer it to the afflicted with dencein its virtues, and in the fall bed of that it subdue and remove the severest attacks of upon the throat and lungs. There results become publicly known, very naturally attention of medical man and philanthropy where. What is their opinion of CHERRI PECTORALmay be seen in the following:— HE            Prof. Surgery, Medical College, N.F.  Prof. Surgery, Medical College, N.F.   'It gives me pleasure to certify the value cacyof Ayer's CHERRY PECTORAL, consider peculiarly adapted to cure discuss of thethroat and lungs.'   writes in a letter to a friend, who was last under an affection of the Lungs—'Try the CHERRYPECTORAL, and if any medicine can give you relief,with the blessing of God that will.'  CHIEF JUSTICE ECSTIS. of Louisiana, writes that 'a young daughter of hewas cured if several severed attacks of Cr by theCHERRY PECTORAL.  The Canadian Journal of Medical Schoolstates, that 'Asthma and Bronchitis, as this movement climate, has yielded with rapidity to Ayer's CHERRY PECTORAL, and wecannot too strongly recommend this tionto the Profession and public greatly. The Canadian Journal of Medical School    Let the relieved sufferer speak for himself:— HAR. Jan  AR.   Dr. C.J. Ayer: Dear Sir—Having been from a gainful and dangerous disease by year ieine,gratitude prompts  to send you edgment,not only in justice, to you, but for the informationof others in like affliction.     A slight cold upon the lungs, registered at cause so severe that spitting of blood, a and profuse right sweats followed and  uponme. I became emaciated, could not sleep treased by my cough, and a path through and in short had all the alarming symptoms of consumption. No medicine seemed of all to my case, until I providentially  your CHERRYPECTORAL, which soon relieved, and now cured me.          Yours with respect, E.A. STEWALI. ALBARY N.Y. April 11, 1850. Dr. Ayer. Lowell: Dear Sir—I have for years beenafflicted with Ashma in the worst from; so that I havebeen obliged to sleep in my chair for a  part ofthe time, being unable to breathe on my bed Ihad tried a great many medicines to as  untilmy Physician prescribed, as an experiment, CHERRY PECTORAL.    As first, it seemed to make me worse, but in lessthan a week I began to experience the most relief from its one: and now, in  words, thedisease is ly removed. I can  is my hadwith comfort, and enjoy a state of health which I hadnever expected to enjoy.     GEONUE   Prepared by J.C.  on and sold by Draggate and Dealers as .    Sept. 20 D12. 

