 The Annual Meeting of this Society will be heldin CONCORD, in the V of the Unitarian Meeting-house,on TUESDAY, March 5, commenting at 10o'clock, A.M., and to continue through the day andevening.  UESDAY P PILLSBURY, LUCY STONE, SAMUEL MAY, and other advocates of the anti-slavery cause will bepresent.   ILLSBURY UCY TONE AMUEL AY  The members and friends of the Society are requestedto give a full and punctual attendance. WILLIAM WHITING, President. President. LEVI D. SETTE, Secretary. EVI ETTE Secretary. 

 The Fair which was advertised to be held it thisplace has closed. The  were three hundredand twenty five dollars. The circumstances werehighly favorable; the weather, for this season, wasally fine—the hall tastefully and elegantly acknowledged—the tables covered with rare and beautifularticles—the refreshment tables beautifully supplied—and last, but not least, of the many attractions, wasthe presence of one of the most gifted and eloquentof the slave's advocates, W PHILLIPS. Hespoke on the evening of the first, and through thefollowing day. His theme in the evening and on thefollowing assuming was the Union, to which he didample justice. In that afternoon, the Church come infor a aims of consideration. His  were listenedto with interest, and by many with delight andadmiration. LUCY S addressed the audience onthe last evening, and bore and eloquent and faithfultestimony against the churches, the Methodist in particular.To these faithful advocates of freedom weown much the them we are  indebted for ourincome which, indeed, more than realized the expectationsof the most hopeful.     HILLIPS.  many UCY    To these gentlemen who furnished the abundantsupply of evergreen, and also to these who assisted indesecrating the hall, we would return our thanks;likewise to the bond and chair, whose delightful contributed in no small degree to the pleasureof the concession. Our grateful acknowledgmentsare also due to Measure. Northern &Kenyon. Aldrichand Southwick, for their liberal contributionsto the refreshment tables. To these who contributedmoney, and finally, to all who have given substantialevidence of their interest in the , we return ourheart felt thanks. We feel that good will result fromthis gathering that much good used has been ,which will in time bring forth and abundant harvest.We desire also, to express our convictions of the efficiencyof Pairs no instrumentalities in helping forwardthat glorious time, when the chain shall be givenfrom every limb, and all shall say, that the blackmen is indeed an equal and a brother. We hope thatFairs will be multiplied, and that the time is not veryfar distant when Millville will again have the privilegeof contributing, in this way, her mite for the furtheranceof the sacred cause in which we are engaged.    In behalf of the Committee. M.L. SOUTHWICK. 

 ☞ TERMS.—$2 50 per annum, in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper areto be directed, (POST PAID) to the General Agent. ☞ Six copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be forwarded in advance. ☞ Advertisements making less than one square insertedthree times for 75 cents—one square for $1 00 Financial Committee.— FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLIS GRAYLORING, EDMUND QUINCY, SAMUEL PHILBRICK, WENDELLPHILLIPS. [This committees is responsible onlyfor the financial economy of the paper—not for any of its debts.] Financial Committee. RANCIS ACKSON LLIS RAY ORING DMUND UINCY AMUEL HILBRICK ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 A terly meeting of the Honor Country A Society will be held at Lynn on Saturday and Sunday.March the 23rd and 24th, to commence at 2 o'clockP.M. The Board of Managers are desirous that thismeeting should be one of the most spirited and profitablemeetings, over held in the County. WhileCongress is almost wholly employed in discussing thequestions, whether this curse of slavery shall be extendedover now  of territory or be annihilatedin the old—while the whole South are excised to action,and are calling Conventions to take measures tostrengthen Slavery—surely the friends of Freedishought to be equally vigilant and active. Come, thenone and all, and take conceal together, and devicemeans for the overthrow of this giant min. Wm. L.Garrison, Lucy Stone, with other eloquent speakershave engaged to be present. Rev. Samuel of Salem, will address the friends at the close of themeeting Sunday evening, upon the present expect ofthe cause, and the duty of the Abolitionists. For orderof the Board of Managers.     ☞The meeting will be held at Ly Hall.  RUTH BUFFUM, Rec. Sec. Rec. Sec. 

 The following plain-spoken and manly editorial,from the Baltimore Clipper,' reached me in that excellentpaper the day after last week's number wasnamed, and I was pleasantly surprised to see sentimentsso similar to my own, expressed in languagealmost similar to that used by myself of the namesubject. I command this article and the subject tothe  attention of my readers:  'ABUSE OF WASHINGTON. A black fellow namedDouglass appears to be a controlling spirit amongstthe abolitionists of the North. He attends all abolitionconventions, and lectures against slavery andthe Union. At a recent meeting in the State of NewYork, he straighted bitterly against the Union; pronouncedit a Union of the white people of this countryto crush the slaves, and demanded that it shallbe dissolved. 'In view of the oppression of thisUnion,' said he, 'I welcome the bolt, whether fromthe North or the South, from heaven or from hell,which shall shiver this Union in pieces. Talk tous,' continued he, 'of the love of liberty of yourWashington, Jeffersons, Henrys—they were strangesto any just idea of liberty. I wish to dissolvethe Union of these States, and to do it in a directway.' And citizens of the United States—men whosefathers may have fought by the side of Washingtonfor the liberties of their country—could sit and complacentlylisten to, if they did not applaud, this lecturefrom a fugitive slave—this denunciation of theFather of his Country, and the great men who sustainedthe country in its hour of trial. It would nodoubt be gratifying to this able orator, and his moredespicable auditors and assistants, to have the Uniondissolved by force, and to see a civil war; but thecouncils of the nation cannot be controlled by suchfanatics and desperadoes. It is humiliating to seethis intimate association and fellowship existing becausethe white and the Negro race in the work of. IT is evident that the felling of hostilityentertained by Douglass against the whites is notconfused to slaveholders. He hates the whole whitepopulation, and intimates hat he would rejoice to their throats cut by his colored brethren.' BUSE OF ASHINGTON.   You are right, Mr. Clipper; and you may rust tothat New Yorkers will be on the look-out forthis Patina 2d.  

 PARKER PILLSBURY and SAMUEL MAY, JR., Agentsof the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, will helda meeting in HAVERHILL, at the town Hall, onSUNDAY next (March 2) morning, afternoon and evening,at the usual hours of meeting. ARKER ILLSBURY AMUEL AY R. UNDAY ☞All persons are invited to attend. 

 Most of our readers have read and admired, wepresence, the fine lines by Professor Longfellow onthe Federal Union, beginning' Thou, too, sail on, Oship of Stale.' It seems that them verses, alike soholy in sentiment and so elegant in style, havearoused the ire of William Lloyd Garrison and hispack of fellow members, so that at a recent Conventionheld by them at Faneuil Hall, these crazy theoriststhought it necessary to denounce the poet. Accordinglythe following resolution was offered by Mr.Garrison, and passed, the Boston papers say, 'withmuch applause, mingled with hisses.' This resolutionwas intended to be imposing, but it has onlyproved ridiculous. While the union continues toshed so many blessings upon us, while it preventsalong series of wars between the three sections intowhich the confederation would separate, while it an undivided attention to the progress ofthe arts of peace and civilization, over almost the entirecontinent, allowing the human race to developitself under circumstances more favorable than everbefore ware known, it will be idle and preposterousfor any man or act of men to denounce that Unionat a curse, as rotten to its core with sin, as destinedto perish amid the 'exultation of all who years for thedeliverance of a groaning world.' Nonsense neverwant so far as in this resolution. Europe has beentravailing for a thousand years, because dividend intodifferent communities, whose time under the influenceof hereditary animosities, has been consumedin demoralizing wars, instead of being occupied indeveloping humanity. Yet these Boston fanaticswould whelm us in a like deluge of almost endlessblood, and havoc, and crime. In their intense sympathyfor the blacks, they would put back for centuriesthe progress of the whites. To cure a sore onthe limbs of the body politic, they would immenselyback the trunk to peaces. We know not whether towonder most at the folly or at the fanaticism of thesemen. They remind us of the crazy fellow who setup to be a god of some kind, and said that he wasright, and the world wrong, but that the latter, beingthe majority, had locked him up in a, read-house. intended to be imposing, but it has only  The Faneuil Hall Convention was indeed a motleybly of fools. Here were collected human nondescriptsof all shades: free-thinkers in religion,speaks in medicine, those who believed in all things,these who believed in nothing; in a word, men whodiffered from the whole world, and agreed amongthemselves only in their fanaticism against the Union.Here were zealots who, dissenting from all Christeners,suffer none to dissent from themselves—whodemand freedom of conscience, yet refuse to grantit—who execrate persecution, yet persecute as faras they can—and who, while claiming infallibility, arenever of the same mind for two consecutive years.  nondescripts Out upon such crazy varlets! The gibbering ofmankiss in a menagerie is not more senseless than theempty babbling of such fools. They make noiseenough, it is true, in their way; but it is like the importancecleaner of grasshoppers. They be praiseeach other, until an unthinking person might imaginethat public sentiment was on their side; butlook for they supporters, and out of the pale of theirown, 'Mutual Admiration Society,' there are none!Their whole transactions are 'sound and fury, signifyingnothing.' And so we dismiss them with contempt. [The resolution respecting Prof. Longfellow's ode tothe Union, referred to by the Bulletin, may be in the exceeding article from the Washington Union.]  

 An Agent of the Mass. Anti-Slavery Society, give a lecture in QUINCY, in the lower Town Hall, onWednesday evening March 4, at 7 o'clock.  He will also lecture in READING on Friday evening,March 8. 

 Our readers will recollect the beautiful lineswhich  Dickinson quoted in his eloquentspeech:  Thou, too sail on, O ship of State.' They were extracted from a long and admirable on the Union of the States, by Professor Longfellow.Will it be believed, that at meeting ofGarrison and his fanatical crew, held lately at FanaticalHall (the cradle of our liberties,) the followingresolution was passed, with much applauses, mingledwith kisses?'  'Resolved, That it is with deep regret we perceivethat the post Longfellow has pretered his  poeticalgenius to eulogize the blood stained AmericanUnion as freighted with the hopes and interests ofhumanity—as being a noble ship, invulnerable to therank, and proof against the storm, built in the mostskilful and workmanlike manner; whereas the historyof the creation and its cruise demonstrates it to havebeen.   '—- a perfidious bark. Built I' th' caliper, and rigged with curses dark,'retting through all her timbers, leasing from them to, laboring heavily on a storm-tossed , surroundedby clouds of disastrous portent, navigatedby there whose object is a practical one, (namely, theextension and perpetuity of slavery,) and destinedto go down 'full many a fathers deep,' to the joyand execution of all who are yearning for the of a greeting world.    

 The American Peace Congress Committee, appointedto secure a delegation to represent the people of theUnited States in the Peace Congress to be held atFrankfort-on-the-Maine, Germany, in August, 1850,would respectfully invite the friends of Peace throughoutthe Seats of Massachusetts, to meet in Conventionat Boston, Thursday, March 7th, for the purpose ofappointing two delegates at large, to represent theState in the Frankfort Congress: and also to deviceand adopt measures for securing representatives inthe same assembly, from the different CongressionalDistricts, Towns, Universities, Literary Associations,Municipal and Religious Bodies of the State; and totake such other steps as, in the judgment of the Convention,may promote the cause of Permanent andUniversal Peace. A delegation from the Peace CongressCommittee will attend the Convention and takepart in its proceedings. AMARA WALKER.ELSHU BURRFIT,Secretaries. 

 The following are the names attached to the Petition,now at 31 North Fifth street, in this city, publishedin our yesterday's paper, calling for 'a peacefuldissolution of the Union.' We give the petitionand the names. Very many have supposed that thismovement was a mere force, and that there would benone base enough to dishonor their manhood by affixingtheir names to such a paper. But the signaturesgiven below are genuine, and number, we believe,both white and black persons. A partition toabolish the Christian Religion, or to overthrow theinstitution of matrimony, would not be less infamousthan an appeal in favor of the dissolution of ourheaven-protected Union. We presume each of thepersons represented by these names, is ready to giveplenty of reasons why the Union should be broken up;and doubtless each has a sort of interest in the successof the shameless position. At all events, theyhave secured to themselves as immortality of ignominy.The curses of an indignant people willring in their cars, while living, and execrate theirmemories when dead. Men will point them out asthose who, more fortunate than millions of others—happy under the blessed institutions of our country—and protected by our laws—have openly raisedtheir hands to destroy a fabric unequalled in the historyof the human race. There is no excuse forsuch infamy. The act is not the act of fanaticism,but of treason; and names of these PARRICIDES,and their petition, should be enclosed in black,wherever they are held up before the people: A memorial, of which the following is a copy, isnow at the Anti-Slavery Office, 31 N. Fifth St., forsignatures. All citizens so disposed are invited tocall and attach to it their names: To the Senate and House of Representatives in Congressassembled. To the Senate and House of Representatives in Congressassembled. The undersigned, inhabitants of Philadelphia, onbehalf of themselves and of a large and rapidly increasingportion of the people of Pennsylvania andother Northern States, respectfully represent, thatthe union, at present subsisting between the slave-holdingand non-slaveholding portions of this confederacy,in a source of grievances no numerous andoppressive, as to call for immediate measures on thepart of those who have the power, for their, redress.Among these grievances, they would respectfullyenumerate the following, as the most pressing in theirdemand for correction: I. Despite the article of the Federal Constitution,which declares that' the citizens of each State shallenjoy all the privileges and immunities of citizens ofthe several States,' a portion of the citizens of theNorth, solely on account of their complexion, onvisiting Southern States are FEIELD, THRUST INTOPRISON, FIELD, CONDEMNED TO WORK WITH FELONSIN THE CHAIN GANG, AND FREQUENTLY SOLD ON THE.  II. Perfectly legal measures to bring these outragesto the notice of the Federal Courts are forbidden,by severs penal enactments, as in the case ofthe Hon. Samuel Hoar, and Hon. Henry Hubbard,who were appointed for this special purpose by theLegislature of Massachusetts, but who were drivenback with insult and violence from the States to whichthey were sent. but who were drivenback with insult and violence III. The most sacred of all rights, that of freedomof speech and of the press, without which there canbe no true liberty under any form of government,has been practically denied, in a large portion of thiscountry, and to thousands of its most respectable aswell as some of its most distinguished inhabitants.It in a notorious fact, that there art but few placessouth of Mason and Diroffs line, where the doctrineof the Declaration of Independence, that, 'allmen are created equal, and endowed with an ableright to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness,'can be publicly avowed and appropriately appliedwithout imminent personal hazard.  IV. The Union, between the slaveholding non-slaveholdingStates, and the alleged necessity of theperpetuation, is made the pretext for exorbitant andunjust demands on the part of the former, and themost degrading concessions and humiliating self-abasementon the part of the latter, begetting a spiriton the one hand of overbearing tyranny, and onthe other of slavish and gravelling submission—bothalike inconsistent with our theory of republican equality,at variance with the best interests of a majorityof the people, and injurious to the cause of freedomand free institutions throughout the world. V. The Compromises of the Federal Constitutionare felt to be especially burdensome, because by themthe people of the North are obliged: , to aid theslaveholder, directly or indirectly, in recapturing hisfugitive slaves: 2d, to assist, if in the judgment ofthe Executive it should ever become necessary, torepress by force any uprising on the part of the slavesfor their liberty; and 3d, to concede to the slave-holderextraordinary political power, in the privilegeof representing three-fifths of his slaves in the electoralCollege and in Congress—thus furnishing himat the same moment the motives and ability to perpetuatehis system. By these compromises, people ofthe North are involved as partner in the support ofSlavery, and made to share with the South in all theevils and responsibilities of its continuance. The Compromises of the Federal Constitution  By these compromises, people ofthe North are involved as partner in the support ofSlavery, and made to share with the South in all theevils and responsibilities of its continuance. To these facts, as continuing grievances no longertolerable, the undersigned invite the attention ofyour honorable body, and respectfully ask that, if inyour judgment there be no other speedy means fortheir redress, yon will take immediate measures forthe peaceful Dissolution of its Union. peaceful Dissolution of its Union. John W. Heins, Jno. Lawton, J.M. McKim, Benjamin Bacon, Seth Lukens, Elissa Davis, James Mott. 

 FOR FREE DISCUSSION. This Institution holds a public meeting every SUNDAYAFTERNOO, at Hancock Hall, 330 Washingtonstreet, commencing at quarter part 2 o'clock. Question for discussion next Sunday afternoon— SLAVERY.—'Would the Dissolution of the Unionhasten the Abolition of Slavery?' LAVERY. ☞The public witness destination, are regularlyinvited to attend. 

 It seems that the Legislature of the State of Massachusettsdecided, on Friday last, by a vote oftwo hundred and sixty-eight to one, that the fanaticswho petitioned that body for a dissolution of theUnion might have leave to withdraw their petitions.Mr. Tolman, of Worcester, was the member whovoted in the negative. If we are not very much, Mr. Tolman, in common with the othermembers of the Legislature of Massachusetts,while taking the customary oath the membersof that body must take, swore solemnly that hewould support the Constitution of the Unites States.If he did so, we would like to know how he reconcileshis vote on those positions with that oath.  This however, in a matter purely personal. Weare glad to see that there is some evidence of returningreason in Massachusetts; and the unanimitywith which this vote was carried will be some recompenseto the Southern States for the injury whichthe Boston fanatics have inflicted on them. It willshow that the people of New England are not quiteno demanded as one might suppose on the slaveryquestion.—New York Harold. New York Harold. 

 The subscriber gratefully acknowledges the of $17.00 through Miss Sophia Little from coloredpersons and others in Newport, R.I.  HIRAM WILSON. Down Mills, C.W. Feb. 12. 

 Yesterday, we gave a copy of the position payingfor a dissolution of the Union, now being signed atNo. 31 North Fifth st., In this city, by these who arerejoicing at the position of the Free-Sailors, trying tobreath down the Democratic party of the North; andbelow we give a resolution passed against the Post,LONGFELLOW, by the Abolitionists of Boston, becausehe wrote a poem in favor of the Union! Theresolution is the product of the  Christian.—Philadelphia. ONGFELLOW  Philadelphia. 

 MRS. HENRY BINN will give instructions in OrnamentalNeedle Work, in a course of lecture, commencingon Saturday afternoon, Feb. 12, and reportedevery Wednesday and Saturday afternoon, at No.8, Southac street, Boston. She has not with muchsuccess in Providence and Pawtucket, having beenpatronized by ladies without distinction of color. Forfurther particulars, inquire at No. 8, Southac street. RS. ENRY INN 

 ☞'Yes' it cannot be denied—the slaveholdinglords of the South prescribed, as a condition of theiramount to the Constitution, three special provisions tosecure the perpetuity of their dominion over theirslaves. The first was the immunity, for twenty years,of preserving the African slave trade; the record wasthe stipulation to surrender fugitive slaves—an engagementpositively prohibited by the laws of God,delivered from Sinai; and thirdly, the execution fatalto the principles of popular representation, of a representationfor slaves—for articles of merchandize, underthe name of persons. . . . The reciprocal operationupon the government of the nation is, to establish anartificial majority in the slave representation over thatof the free people, in the American Congress, andhereby to make the PRESERVATION, PROPAGATIONAND PERPETUATION OF SLAVERY THEVITAL AND, ANIMATING SPIRIT OF THE NATIONALGOVERNMENT.'—JOHN QUINCY ADAM. OHN UINCY DAM. 

 For sale or to let, a two story house now buildingnear Neponset Depot, containing eight rooms, andpleasantly situated on elevated land, commanding afine view of Dorchester, Commercial Point, Boston,the Harbor, Squantum and Quincy Bay, and withina short distance of the Beach at the mouth of Neponsetriver. If not sold in April, it will be lot for oneyear. Also a cheap two story house near the Depot,price $1,600, rent $130, possession given the first ofApril. Inquire of H.W. BLANCHARD, M. be lot for oneyear. Depot  

 NEW YORK, 11th Feb., 1850. EW ORK MR. DEAR SIR:—As one of your immediate constituents,permit me to express to you my views onthe resolutions lately submitted to the Senate byMr. Clay. They are skillfully drawn, and their trueimport seems to me to be generally misunderstood,and, in many instances intentionally misrepresented.Various considerations combine to render these resolutionsacceptable to that class of our Northernpoliticians who are anxious to be popular at home,without forfeiting their share of the patronage whichis disposed at Washington by the Slave Fewer.The resolutions are sight in number, and I will examinethem in their order. R. EAR IR 1. This proposes the admission of California as aState, without the imposition by Congress of any restrictionon the subject of slavery, and 'with evitableboundaries.' These words imply that presentboundaries are unsuitable, and must be altered.Let me now call your attention to the true reason forthis reservation about boundaries, and respectingwhich the resolution is silent. During the war, andbefore the cession of any territory, the House Representativespassed the Wilmot Proviso, prohibitingslavery in all the territory that might be acquired.On this, the Sooth, with one voice, declared thatthey would not submit to the exclusion of slaverysouth of 36 80. The Legislature of Alabama resolvedthat they would not recognize 'any enactmentof the federal government which has for itsobject the prohibition of slavery in any territoryone acquired by conquest or treaty SOUTH of theline of the Missouri Compromise.' At a publicmeeting in Charleston, and at which I believe Mr.Call soon was present, it was received that it wouldbe debasing and dishonorable to submit to the prohibitionof slavery 'beyond what is already yieldedby the Missouri Compromise,' and innumerable havebeen the offers and efforts of Southern politicians toextend the compromise line to the Pacific. Henceit is not the exclusion of slavery in California tothe north of that has that offends the South, and toadmit this anti-slavery State, bounded on the southby 36 30, is doing no more than what the South hasconsented should be done, and is in no sense a compromise.But the free State of California extendssouth of that line, and hence her southern boundaryis unsuitable, and hence Mr. Clay's resolution makesa tacit provision for depriving the State of so muchof her territory as his Southern friends have resolvedshall not be consecrated to freedom. Mr. Foote,of Mississippi, observed in relation to this very resolution,'I see no objection to admitting all Californiaabove the line of 36 30 into the Union, providedanother now slave State be laid off within the  anothernew slave State, Mr. Clay's compromise opposesno obstacle! Had Mr. Clay proposed the admissionof California with 'its present boundaries,' his offerwould so far have been a compromise, as to concedesomething to freedom as a consideration for the surrenderof the Wilmot Proviso. 'with evitableboundaries.' true reason all south south unsuitable no objection above   2. The next resolution declares that  at slaveryclass not amid exist by lane, and is not  is be introduced.'into any of the conquered territories, they should beorganized under territorial governments without anyrestriction on the subject of slavery. The proposedambition by Congress, that slavery does not exist bylaw in the territories, is hailed as an all sufficientbalm to the consciences of these who recoil withhorror at the idea of being in any degree responsiblefor the extension of human bondage. Andwhat, let me ask, is this declaration, but the enunciationof a bold tru? We all know there is nolaw, Mexican or American, recognizing slavery inthe territories. Mr. Clay adroitly avoids drawingany inference from this acknowledged fact, but expectsthat the good people of the North will drawfor themselves the inference, that because slaverydoes not exist by law, therefore it is prohibited bylaw. Property in elephants does not exist by lawin New York, but still it exists because it is notprohibited by law. Mr. Clay well known that Mr.Calhoun, and the great man of the slaveholders,contend that in the absence of a prohibitory law, men,women and children, as well as horse and sheep,may be held as property in any territory of the UnitedStates; and this doctrine Mr. Clay himself nowheredenies. Nay, further, Mr. Calhoun insists, and Ibelieve truly, that slavery never has been establishedby law in any country—that after property in manhas been acquired, then, and not before, laws arepassed to protect it. The slaveholders ask for noact of Congress authorizing them to carry their propertyinto the territories. All they ask in, that noprohibitory laws shall be passed, and thus they willcarry their slaves where they places, and keep themby their own strong hand without law, till in theirterritorial legislatures they shall pass such laws onthe subject as they shall find needful. Not a wordin Mr. Clay's compromise contravenes this legal theory,or prevents its reduction to practice. Slaverydid once exist by law in these territories; why doesit not now? Mr. Clay answers the question by tellingus that Mexican law abolished it. Now, heperfectly well known that the Mexican, law notonly abolished, but prohibited' slavery. If that lawwas repealed by the conquest, then the old law wasrevived, and slavery does  exist by law. If thelaw was not repealed by the conquest then the lawin still in force, and slavery is now prohibited by law.Why, then, does not Mr. Clay fairly and honestly declarethat slavery is now prohibited by law? Becausethis would indeed be a compromise, andwould render the provision nugatory, and would securethe territories from the curse of slavery. Thevery omission of such a declaration implies a denialof an existing prohibition, and in such denial he wellknown the whole South concurs. So far, them, is Mr.Clay's inconsequential truism from being a compromise,that it surrenders to the South even more thanshe has demanded, and thrown upon to the slaveholdersthe whole territory north as well as South of theMissouri line. But to reconcile the North to thistotal surrender, they are to be favored by Congresswith an opinion that it IS NOT LIKELY that slaverywill be introduced into any part of the conquered territory.What is only improbable in at least possible,and hence this legislature opinion would, in first, bea solemn and official declaration, that there is nolegal prohibition to the introduction of slavery. Itis not pretended that this opinion which Congressis to volunteer, is to have any legal force 'whatsoever.But what if time shall prove the opinion to havebeen erroneous, will it be any consolation to theNorth fro having by their not blighted immense regionswith human bondage, that they had been foaledby an opinion? Mr. Downe, of Louisiana, in replyto Mr. Clay, rted that there were already in theterritories some four of five hundred slaves,' andanother member declared that there would now havebeen plenty of salves them, had not their been apprehensive of the Proviso. If Mr. Clay iscorrect in his opinion, the slaveholders have beenstrangely mistaken. It was openly avowed duringthe war, that the territory to be conquered south of36 30 would be a salve region. Before our army enteredthe city of Mexico, we were offered and all Texasproper, and the whole of New Mexico and Californianorth of thirty  degrees—an extent of ten equal  of the  of New York.  at slaveryclass not amid exist by lane, and is not  is be introduced.'  bylaw  therefore by law is not in the absence of a prohibitory law never has been establishedby law after then prohibitory laws prohibited' does  exist by law.  now prohibited by law. opinion possible opinion legal opinion       The offer was rejected, and thousands were slaughteredto obtain territory south of 36 30, to be peopledwith slaves. Force the first mention of the Proviso,our Northern editors and politicians in the slave interestopposed it as unnecessary, increase,  they us, the sail and climate of these territoriesthere consistable to slave labor. The slaveholdersknew better, and never endorsed the falsehood oftheir allies. Mr. Waddy Thompson, of South Carolina,Minister to Mexico, announced to his brethren,writing of California, 'sugar, rice and cotton findthere their own congenial cli'—Recollections ofMexico, p. d. south    Recollections ofMexico  Did the South make war upon Mexico only toacquire free territory? Is she now threatening dis,and civil war for a privilege the 'is not ely'to exercise?   Upon what does Mr. Clay rest his strange unnaturalopinion? Almost exclusively on the exclusionof slavery from the California Constitution. Hedoes not pretend that this exclusion was owing tothe unfitness of the soil and climate for slave labor.We all know that the unexpected discovery of goldsuddenly collected in California a large Northernpopulation, naturally averse to slavery, and jealousor the competition of slave moor in digging gold.But does gold exist in Demerit or New Mexico? orin here a large Northern population in California,south of 36 deg. 30 min.? Is it logical to infer thatslavery is not likely to be unreduced into these territories,even with the sanction of Congress, because,under totally different circumstances. It has been excludedfrom California. New Mexico is separatedby an imaginary line from Texas, and about half ofit is claimed by that slave State. Is it likely thatTexas slaveholders will not cross the line withtheir property, or occupy territory they claim as theirown? Northernpopulation The settlers in Desert have formed Constitutionvirtually allowing slavery by not prohibiting it. Thegold diggers in California are concentrated far northof 36 deg. 30 min.; the city of San Francisco is alsonorth or that line, while south of it is a large area,where there is little to obstruct the introduction ofslavery. Under these circumstances, there are probablyvery few men in Congress who would dare, ontheir oaths, to affirm the opinion expressed by Mr.Clay. That opinion is at best a calculation ofchances; a calculation on which no man would hazarda thousand dollars; yet this miserable calculationis offered to the North as a compensation for thesurrender of all the political and moral blessingswhich the Proviso would SECURE. opinion chances Mr. Clay utterly demolishes Gen. Cass's argumentagainst the constitutionality of the Proviso, and affirmsmost positively, the right of Congress to prohibitslavery in the territories. But how stands thequestion of duty and moral consistency between thesetwo gentlemen? Undeniably in favor of the General.He has not, indeed, undertaken to solve thenice and difficult question whether human bondage isa curse or a blessing. He is sensibly alive to the atrocityof flogging two or three Hungarian women, butand tens of thousands of American women to the lash.He calls upon the nation to express its indignationat the execution of a few Hungarian insurgents takenwith arms in their hands, but given no opinion howfar it would be right or wrong to shoot certain of hisown countrymen, if taken in revolt against worsethan Austrian oppression. But he contends thatwhatever may be the moral character of slavery,Congress has no constitutional right to prohibit it,and therefore ought not to prohibit it. On the otherhand, Mr. Clay frankly declares that slavery is wrong,'a grievous wrong;' that to propagate slavery is topropagate WRONG. He affirms the constitutionalpower of Congress to prohibit this propagation ofwrong, and then calls upon Congress to permit slave-holdersto propagate this wrong when and where theyplease, over the whole wide extent of our conqueredterritory, with the single exception of what may beincluded within the State of California. Before Godand man, Gen. Cass's conclusion from his premisesis justified, while the conclusion draws by Mr. Clayfrom his premises is condemned as hostile to moralityand humanity. therefore premises 3. This resolution merely gives to Texas moreterritory than she is entitled to, and less than she demands,and is so far a compromise of territorialclaims; but in no degree a compromise between thefriends and enemies of human rights, since what isto be taken from Texas is to be immediately thrownopen to the slaveholders. 4. Texas bad, before annexation, pledged her dutieson foreign commerce as security to certain creditors.Those duties, by annexation, were surrenderedto the United States. Mr. Clay proposes thatthe United States shall assume the debts due to thesecreditors, if Texas will relinquish her claims on NewMexico. If justice requires the nation to assumethese debts, their assumption ought not to depend onthe concession of territory by Texas. If in justice wedo not own these debts, their payment by us will infact be a gratuity to Texas for the relinquishment ofone of the most impudent and fraudulent claims overmade. We have official Information, communicatedby General Jackson to Congress, that the Texans,when defining the boundaries of their new-born republics,at first determined to include California, andbeyond all question, they had them as much right toSan Francisco as they now have to Santa Fa. Theproposition of Mr. Clay is therefore to pay Texasfor territory to which she ad who has no title,and then to throw upon the territory no purchased tothe slaveholders. In this I saw  no communication tothe North. California   5. Congress is to declare it inexpedient to abolishslavery in the District of Columbia, except with theascent of Maryland and the people of the District,and making compensation to the slaveholders. Theunlimited power of Congress to abolish slavery inthe District is fully conceded, yet he calls on Congressnot to do what many of its members and vastmultitudes of their constituents believer it their moralduty to do. In this proposal, I can find no othercompromise but that of conscience. 6. The next proposal is to prohibit the importationof slaves into the District for sale. In otherwords, the inhabitants are to have a monopoly ofthe trade in human beings. These good people arenot to be deprived of the privilege of importing asmany slaves as they may want for their own use,nor of selling husbands and wives and children, to betransported to the extremities of the Union; but foreigntreasure shall no longer be permitted to glut theWashington market with their wares. The momentthe resolution passes, human chattels will rise invalue in the capital of our republic. I object notto the abolition of the trade, since it will remove oneof the many abominations with which slavery hasdisgraced the seat of our national government; butI  the proposition involves the slighted concessionon the part of the slaveholders. Says Mr.Clay himself, 'Almost every slaveholding State inthe Union has exercised its power to prohibit theintroduction of slaves in .' The powerto exercise or not, according to convenience, andon it is thought most profitable to bread or to importslaves. for sale.    7. We now  to a grand specific for giving to Northern consistent, for ying all irritation,and for restoring a general beautiful actionthroughout the present morbid  of the confed.I will give the recipe in full:—'Received,that  be made in for the resolution and delivery of  toservice or labor in any State, who may  lateany other State or territory of this Union.' That Imay not be accused of injustice to Mr. Clay in mysubsequent remands, I will quote from his speech onthis point  I do not say, sir, that a private individendis obliged to make the tour of his whole State, inorder to assist, the owner of a slave to recover hisproperty; but I do say, if he is present when the ownerof a slave is about the court his right regainpossession of his property, that he and every one present,whether officer, or agent of the State government,or private individual, is bound to assist in theexecution of the laws of their country.' 'I will gowith the farthest Senator from the South in this bodyto make penal laws to imposer the heaviest sanctionsupon the recovery of fugitive slaves, and the rerationof them to their owners.'           private individend if he is present  that he and every one present is bound penal heaviest sanctions  Such is the panacea, and such the manner inwhich our medical adviser proposes to administer it.He most not be surprised should some difficulty beexperienced in compelling the patient to swallow thedraught.' Mr. Clay has long been a favorer of those fieldsports in which the pray is MAN, and he has themerit, it is believed, of being the first to conceivethe grand idea of securing a national intercommunityin these sports, by means of international treaties.So early as the 19th June, 1826, as Secretaryof State, he proposed to the British government tothrow the Canadas open for this sport, and, in return,to British sportsmen should be accorded the privilegeof hunting West India Negroes, throughout the wholeextent, of the American Republic. But John Bullrejected the tendered reciprocity, and churlishlyreplied, 'The law of Parliament gave freedom toevery slave who effected his landing on Britishground.' About the same time, we requested from Mexicothe boon of hunting negreos over her wide area.The desired favor was denied, but we have since forciblyadded almost half her territory to our ownhunting-grounds. Of all the game laws in existence,that of 1793, which regulates the chase of negroes,is the most horrible. Should a Virginiancome to New York in search of his horse, and findhim in the possession of another, who claims him ashis property, how is he to recover the animal? Onlyby process of law, and that process requires that ajury of twelve impartial men, drawn by lot, shall passupon the conflicting claims. Neither party hasany choice in selecting the jury, nor can either establishhis claim by his own evidence. But if theVirginian is hunting a MAN, and sees one that willserve his purpose, and who will fetch a thousand dollarsin the southern market, but who claims to belongto himself, how is he to secure him? Why he maycatch his MAN as well as he can, and without warrantmay carry him before any justice of the peace whomfor sufficient reasons he may think proper to select,and swear that the MAN he has caught is his, and thejustice may surrender the MAN to perpetual bondage,degradation and misery. Various officers besidesjustices are authorized to act, so that the Virginianby law, but is not found so easy to practice. terly,various States have prohibited their earn officersfrom assisting to the chase of human beings,and citizens rarely lend any unpaid assistance.Hanes a new gazes law is deemed needful, and Mr.Clay, as we have seen, is pledged to go with 'the farthestSouthern Senator,' the most devoted lover of thesport, to make it effectual. The judiciary committeehave accordingly reported a bill, now before the Senate.'I argue,' said Mr. Mason, one of the farthestSouthern Senators, in his speech on this bill (28thJan.) 'I agree that the federal government has nopower to impose duties on the officers of State governments,as such.' Of course, the obligation imposedby the law of 1792, upon justices of the peace andother State officers, to catch slaves, are void, andour Northern Legislatures, it is admitted, have aright to prohibit them from participating in slavehunts. To obviate this difficulty, it becomes necessaryto select other than State officers to adjudicateupon questions of higher import than any, with thesingle exception of life and death, that ever exercisethe talents, learning, virtue and independence of themost august tribunals of any civilized country. Andwho are the grave and reverend judges appointed bythis bill to sit in judgment on the liberty of bondageof native-born American? Among these judgesare twenty thousand postmasters! Each one of thesenew judges is authorized to adjudge any man, womanor child, black or white, to be a vendible chattel;and this judgment is to be founded on any proofthat may be satisfactory to said postmaster in thewords of the bill, 'either by oral testimony or affidavit,'nor is the testimony either oral or by affidavit ofthe interested claimant excluded; and from thisjudgment there is no appeal! Slavery is no longerconfined to one color. The Southern papers aboundwith advertisements offering rewards for fugitiveslaves, containing the caution, that the fugitive willprobably attempt to pass for a while person. A fewyears since, a Maryland, slaveholder caught in Philadelphiaa white girl, (Mary Gilmore,) whom he claimedas his slave. The case was brought before a Pennsylvaniajudge, and occupied two days; and it wasproved by most abundant overwhelming evidence,that the alleged slave was the daughter of POORIRISH PARENTS. The mother had died in the Philadelphiahospital, and the daughter had never beenin Maryland. By a pending amendment to this bill,every man and woman who, prompted by the holiestimpulses of our nature, shall 'harbor or conceal' theprey from the hunter, is to be visited with fine andimprisonment. A few days after Mr. Clay introducedhis resolutions, Bruin &Hill, slave traders inAlexandria, wrote a letter, since published in thenewspapers, stating for the information of a freeMOTHER in New York who wished to redeem herDAUGHTER from bondage, that they cannot afford tosail 'the girl Emily for less than EIGHTEEN HUNDREDDOLLARS.' Why this prodigious price? Theyadd, 'We have two or three offers for Emily fromgentleman from the South. She is said to be thefinest looking woman in this country.' animal?  earn officers unpaid State twenty thousand postmasters! one while slave. RISH PARENTS. gentleman Should this devoted victim escape from her keepers,be afterwards found concealed in her mother's house,not only is she to be carried back and subjected tothe fate intended for her, but the MOTHER is liable bythe then present bill to be ced to pay a fine offive hundred dollars to the United States, to payMessrs. Bruin and Hill one thousand dollars for damages,and be imprisoned six months. We hope, forMr. Clay's reputation, no 'farthest senator from theSouth' will ask for heavier penalties, for if be doesMr. Clay is pledged to ante for 'the heaviest sanctions'that may be prepared. But suppose this poor girlshould find her way to Peekskill, instead of New York,and in your absence, with bursting heart, ask to beltered in your house from her pursuers. Can youfor a single moment submit the possibility, that yourwife, the mother of your children, could through fearof the law, so  herself, as to turn the tremblingfugitive into the street, or betray her to the hasten?A thousand times rather would you are the partnerof your bosom enduring Mr. Clay's heaviest sanction,'then bringing ignominy upon herself, and coveringher husband and children with chases and confusionof face, by committing a crises on foul anddetonable. Mr. Mason, in his speech, insists uponthe right of the hunter to enter peaceably any enclosureor DWELLINE where much slave may be found,for the purpose of takeing him.' Should this assertednight be incorporated into the compromise bill, thesemay southern  and northern dough-faces arelong be resuming through our  and remakingour  in search of py. Should as attemptbe made to  the  from Mr. Clay  to who be may be the prisons in New York and New England are toofew to held the vast multitude of man and woman whowould willingly  them, rather than part theirsouls by betraying the fugitive or assisting in thecapture. Mr. Clay very kindly declines requiring'a private individual to make the tour of his whole in search of a slave, but he insists that all who arepresent when the game is started, ought to follow thebounds. Could he but enforce this obligation, weshould have come grand turn-outs in New York andNew England, some like the own ferried by the post    his speech           make the tour of his whole   all present Good luck to our hunters how nobly they rideIn the glow of their real, and the strength of pickle?  The priest with his  back on the ,Just screening the politic statesman behind—The exist and the winner, with ensuring and The drunk and the sober ride wearily there Oh! goodly and ground in our hunting to see, In this 'land of the brave and this home of the free Right merrily hunting the black man, where sin Is the curl of his hair and the  of this chin. So speed to their hunting over mountain and .Through cane-break and forest—the hunters of man!           But the Constitution! This instrument in substance that the fugitive slave shall be deliveredup; but Mr. Clay, I believe, is the first lawyer whohas contended that the obligation of delivery upon 'private individuals.' Even Mr. Mason, inhis speech, insists that the mandate to deliver up is'addressed to the jurisdiction of the State into whichthe fugitive may escape.' Of course, individual citizens,as such, are under no constitutional obligationto volunteer to catch slaves. But suppose a positivelaw should enjoin each individual to betray or aid incapturing the fugitive? The question put by theApostles, when legally forbidden to teach in the nameof Jesus, would then recur: 'Whether it be right inthe sight of God to hearken unto you, more thanunto God, judge ye.' It is not merely the right, butthe duty of a Christian to refuse an active obedienceto any and every law of man, which he believes contravenesthe commands of his Maker; and then, likethe apostles, to offer no forcible resistance to thepenalties attached to his disobedience.   jurisdiction of the State active Mr. Clay may rest assured, that the bill of and penalties promised in his 7th resolution, will nohave the composing influence he anticipates. Fillingour prisons with pious, benevolent, kind-heartedmen and women, will have little effect in suppressingagitation. I his compromising anodyne, Mr. Clayhas omitted on important ingredient. Ample provisionis to be made for the recovery of Southern slavesbut none for the recovery of NORTHERN CITIZENS. Ifthe Constitution gives the Southern planter a right toseize his slave in New York or Massachusetts, equallyexplicit is the grant to citizens of those States to enjoyall the rights of citizenship in South Carolina.Yet, if certain of our citizens, freeholders and electorsat home, think proper to visit that State, a prison isthe only dwelling they are permitted to occupy; andshould the State to which they being send as agentto enquire why they are immured in a jail, and tobring their case before the Supreme Court of theof his life!  ORTHERN ITIZENS. 8. The last item of this grand compromise is virtuallya guaranty that the American slave trade, vileand loathsome as it is, shall be held sacred from prohibitionor obstruction by the federal government forall time to come. The stars and stripes shall foreverprotect each counting vessel that shall be freightedwith human  and despair, and manacled cofflesshall, without molestation, be driven across the continentfrom the Atlantic to the Pacific. The slavetrade in the District, that in, in one single market,Mr. Clay pronounces 'detestable,' and talks withhorror of 'the corteges which pass along our avenuesof mounted heaven beings.' But why this suddenoutburst of indignation against a lawful commerce?Is it dishonorable to call merchandize? Has not Mr.Clay himself proclaimed 'that is property which thelaw makes property?' Why does he dishonor theWashington man-merchants? Is it base to buy andveil human beings? Mr. Clay forgets that this 'detestabletrade' in, in fact; supported by the gentlemanbreeders who call, and the gentleman planters buy. But this trade, which is no 'detestable,'and those cartages, which are so horrible on a verylittle souls, are now to assume a national importance,protested and sanctioned by the government of thewhole republic!  single  national Such, sir, is the magnasti compromise whichas many of our Whig and Democratic politicians, nowthat the elections are over, and the solemn pledgesmade in favor of the Wilmot Proviso supported to beforgotten, are willing to accept as a mighty born tohuman rights, and mighty barrier against the furtherencross of the slave power. In my the only language addressed by there eight resolutions,to the North, in the cry of the horse-leach—GIVE, GIVE. No test can detect in them, no microscopecan make visible the most minute concessionto human liberty. Not one single inch of territorydoes the proposed compromise secure from slavery,that is not already rescued from its power. Not asingle human being will it save from bondage.  elections are over supported   minute The extension of the Missouri line to the P,would at least have rendered all on the north of itfree soil; but says Mr. Clay, most truly, althoughwith a frankness almost insulting to the North, Ifmy, sir, in my place here, that it is much better forthe SOUTH that the whole subject should be upon inboth sides an imaginary line of 36º30 min., thanthat slavery should be interdicted positively north of36º30 min., with freedom to admit or excludes it truthof 36º20 min., at the will of the people!'  OUTH that the whole subject should be upon inboth sides an imaginary line of min., thanthat slavery should be interdicted positively north of min., with freedom to admit or excludes it truthof min., at the will of the people!' But, Mr. Clay unclaimed, 'no earthly power couldinduce me to vote for the positive introduction of slaverynorth or south of that line,' and at this heroicavowal the galleries applauded. But the galleriesare not deeply versed in Southern tactics. Mr. Clayneed apprehend no coercion to extort his reluctantvote for a purpose no one desires or demands. TheSouth have, with one voice, denied the power of Congresseither to prohibit or establish slavery in theterritories. Said Mr. King, of Alabama, in reply,'We ask no act of Congress to carry slavery anywhere. I believer we (Congress) have just as muchright to prohibit slavery in the territories as to carryit there. We have no right to do one or the other.'Other Southern Senators have avowed their concurrenceis the doctrine advanced by Mr. King. HenceMr. Clay's defiance of any power on earth to makehim do what nobody wants him to do, was, at least, arhetorical flourish. positive But, if this pretended compromise is, as I extend,a full and unqualified surrender of all the demands ofthe North, why did certain ultra Southern object toit? A show of resistance might have been deemedpolitic, as tending to make Northern men supposethere must be something granted to them, althoughthey could not tell what. It may also exit the partypurposes of some, to prolong the present agitation,that they may manufacture more patriotism for theSouthern m; and lately, if any really wish toform a  to republic, in which they expect to havemore power than they now enjoy, they will, of course,reject all concessions, however grant. But it is incrediblethat the more slaveholders, the men who areonly  to upon now markets for the sale oftheir stock, and to require more votes in Congress,should be avenue to a preposition that offers them allthey have ever ended, and all that Congress can givethem, with the exception of the suppression of theright of petition, and commonship of the Post Offers,and them are not now in issue.    stock right But we are told that unless we yield to the demandsof the slaveholders, they will dissolve theUnion. And what are these demands, which Mr.Clay admits we have full right to ? Why,that a small holy of men,  probably 100,000,*shall be at liberty, for their own aggran, to blight with the curse of slavery our vast south of 36º20 min., and whatever portionof Mexico it shall hereafter he found convenientto seize. Thus at a time when cruelty and oppressionare elsewhere giving way before the increasingintelligence and morality of the age, we the modelRepublic, are to be he instruments of extending overillimitable regions now free, a despotism more accruedthan any other known throughout the civilizedworld—a despotism that not only enslaves hebody, but crushes the intellect through which man isenabled to distinguish good from evil—a despotismthat ihilates all rights, sets at naught all the affectionof the heart, and converts a being made inthe large of God into a soulless machine. Tell menot of exceptions,—of some lucky chatted, like Mr.Clay's negro referred to in his speech, who, in hister's we4ll stored kitchen, hugs his chain, laughsand grows far. He is but a vendible commodity;and to-morrow's sun may behold him toiling underthe , his wife given to another, and his childrenwith pigs and mules sold at auction to the highestbidder. Tell me not of exceptions—'the kind owner'may at any moment be exchanged by death or debts,for the hardened, remorseless task-master, and thelaw sanctions every villainy perpetrated upon theslave.†. No, my dear sir, I cannot give my consent,and I hope it will not be given for me by my representative,to curse a vast empire with such an institution,and to doom unborn millions to its unutterableabominations, even to save our Southern brothersfrom the sin and fully of founding a new Republic (!)upon the denial of human rights, and of renderingthemselves a bye-word, a proverb and a reproach amongall the nations of the earth. I value the favorof my God and the salvation of my soul too much totake a part or let in such great wickedness. Most fullydo I agree with Mr. Clay, that Congress has no moreconstitutional authority over slavery in the Statesthan in the Island of Cuba; and most fully do I agreewith the admission in his speech, but not to be foundin his resolutions, of the right of Congress to excludeslavery from the conquered territories. Hence inmy opinion, the refusal to exercise this right, evento preserve the Union, would be a CRIME in the sightof God and man. I entertain no apprehension of theseverance of the Union for this cause, but should thefew slaveholders, and he vast multitude of southernpeople, who have no interest in slavery, in their madnessseparate from us, upon them will rest the sin,and upon them and their children will fall its punishment.Let us do what God commands, and leave toHim the consequences.     *       † not to be foundin his resolutions Yours truly, WILLIAM JAY. * A late census in Kentucky reveals the fact, thatthe slaveholders in that State own on an average 22slaves. Should this average be applied to the wholeslave region, the number of masers, according to thiscensus of 1840, cannot exceed 117,000! * A late census in Kentucky reveals the fact, thatthe slaveholders in that State own on an average 22slaves. Should this average be applied to the wholeslave region, the number of masers, according to thiscensus of 1840, cannot exceed 117,000! † Our doughfaces are always complaining that theiremployers are slandered at the North. Let the employare speak for themselves. In Dev. Reports, (NorthConnection,) p. 265, 1829, we find the case of The Statevs. M. The defendant attempted to flog a womanslave when he hired; she retreated; he ordered herto come to him, but she continuing to retreat, heseized his gun, fired at and wounded her. For thishe was indicted. The Court hold that he who hiresa slave is, for the time being, invested with all thepowers of the owner himself to enforce obedience, andthat the indictment could not be sustained. SaidJudge Ruffin, 'The power of the master must be absoluteto render the submission of he slave perfect.I most sincerely confess my sense of the harshness ofthis preposition. I fell it as deeply as any man can;and as a principle of moral rights, every man in his retirementmust repudiate it. But in the actual state ofthings, it must be so—there is no remedy. THIS DBELONGS TO SLAVERY.' Verily we are the peopleto lecture Austria. † Our doughfaces are always complaining that theiremployers are slandered at the North. Let the employare speak for themselves. In Dev. Reports, (NorthConnection,) p. 265, 1829, we find the case of The Statevs. M. The defendant attempted to flog a womanslave when he hired; she retreated; he ordered herto come to him, but she continuing to retreat, heseized his gun, fired at and wounded her. For thishe was indicted. The Court hold that he who hiresa slave is, for the time being, invested with all thepowers of the owner himself to enforce obedience, andthat the indictment could not be sustained. SaidJudge Ruffin, 'The power of the master must be absoluteto render the submission of he slave perfect.I most sincerely confess my sense of the harshness ofthis preposition. I fell it as deeply as any man can;and as a principle of moral rights, every man in his retirementmust repudiate it. But in the actual state ofthings, it must be so—there is no remedy. THIS DBELONGS TO SLAVERY.' Verily we are the peopleto lecture Austria. Dev. Reports The Statevs. M.  and as a principle of moral rights, every man in his retirementmust repudiate it. HIS   BELONGS TO SLAVERY. 

 'What is this 'Gainst which I  should the sight to vain!'Cried I, 'and which towards us moving names?''Marvel not in the family of Heaven,He answered; yet with dazzling redness Thy sense. It is a  who comeInviting man's assent. Such sights are longNot vous, shall import to thee delight,As thy perception in by Nature wroughtUp to their pitch.'—Cary's Dande.             Cary's Dande. A most interesting book, Price 2 1-2 cents. Forsale byLAYOND APP, Social , Boston.And also byFOWLERS $ WELLS, 101 N St., New York.     

 The Joint Special Committee, to whom was referredso much of the Governor's address as relates tothe exclusion of Negro slavery from the newly acquiredterritory of the United States; also, certainresolutions of the Legislature of Ohio, relative tothe acquisition and control of foreign territory byor the Legislature of Virginia, upon the subject offugitive slaves; also, certain resolutions of theLegislature of Connecticut, upon the subject ofslavery; also, certain resolutions of the Legislatureof Missouri, upon the subject of slavery; also,certain resolution concerning slavery, introducedinto the House of Representatives, by Mr. Wilson,of Natick, January 11, 1850; also, an order onthe subject of instructing our Senators to voteagainst the compromise resolutions recently preventedto the Senate, dated February 4, 1850, Segto present the following.  In considering the subject submitted to them, yourcommittee do not deem it necessary to enforce theirconclusions by elaborate argument or extensive historicalresearch. The rights and duties of the Statesof this Union, growing out of the unhappy fact ofslavery, are simple and obvious, resting upon acknowledgedprinciples of law and government, and easilycomprehended by every mind, not warped by sophistryor maddened by fanaticism. It is well knows that he Constitution of the UnitedStates embodies certain compromises upon the subjectof slavery. It was believed by the eminent menwho shared in its formation, and urged its acceptanceupon the people, that without these compromises itnever could have been adopted; and it was also believedby them, that the union of the states under theConstitution was well worth the price of these concessions.There is no doubt that these views of theframers of the Constitution have always been, andare new, sustained by an immense majority of thepeople of the United States, who have been indebted,under Heaven for their unexampled growth and prosperity,to the wise provisions of that inestimable instrument. At the time of the adoption of the Constitution,there were six slave-holding states, and seven freestates; though in some of these letter, slavery wasrecognized as a legal institution. Although, at thatperiod, there was free sensibility to the wrongs andsufferings of humanity than there is at present, yetno one was then found so perverse in opinion, or sowanting in natural feeling, as to say one word in itsdefence. It was lamented by all as a deplorable evil,and by none more energetically and unequivocally,than by the leaders of public opinion, in what arenow the slave-holding states. But in the course of the sixty years of our Nationallife, the subject of slavery has assured new andimportant aspects. Under the fostering influence ofliberal institutions, the whole country has made; unexampledprograms in wealth and prosperity, and,with the general growth of the country, there hasbeen a corresponding increase in the members ofthat unhappy class, in whom alone our increasingwealth and power can awaken no connections of prideand satisfaction. The are of slavery has been graduallyextended by the admission of new slave-holdingstates, under circumstances too familiar to thosewho are acquainted with the history of the country,to be here recapitulated. Of the thirty states whichnew form our confederacy, fifteen are free states andfifteen are slaveholding states. Of these, the formercontain an aggregate of population considerablysuperior to that of the latter; and we are fifty entitledto say, that no argument in favor of slavery canbe drawn from the comparative condition of the Northand the South, in material civilization, and moral andmental cultivation. Within a recent period, we have acquired, by with Mexico, the territories of New Mexicoand California, comprising a region of more than fivehundred thousand square miles, equal in extent toten or twelve states of the size of New York. Thefuture destiny of this territory throws a responsibilityupon the whole country, and the Common wealthof Massachusetts will not shrink from the performanceof a duty which it imposes.  Since the adoption of the Constitution, importantchanges have also takes place in the general sentimentsof the civilized world, upon the subject ofslavery. The progress of Christianity, the spreadof knowledge, the increase of benevolent and philanthropicfeeling, and the diffusion of liberal principles,have created throughout Christendom a publicopinion strongly adverse to the existence of slavery,which is constantly expressing itself in the languageof warning, encouragement, expostulation and rebuke.To this formation of this general sentiment, the pulpithas lent its voice of authority, and the  itsirrble influence. Eloquence has swelled it byall its  of power and percussion, and poetry hascommanded it by the magic of its . To thiswidely diffused public opinion we  be if we , had would not be if we That of late years there has been  the freestates, a growing sensibility to the wrongs and evilsof slavery, is a foot which no one can deny, andwhich no right-minded and right-hearted person willregret.          This opposition to slavery is so strongly felt at theNorth, that it has formed a glass or party of men, notnumerous, but considerable from their zeal, theireloquence, and their courage, who openly assail theConstitution of the United Sates, on account of thecompromises which it contains, and candidly renouncetheir allegiance to the Union, because of theprotection which it gives to slavery. Such opinions,it need hardly be said, can find no echo in the Legislatureof Massachusetts, of no member could entertainthem without having committed perjury, and weare therefore not called upon to contains into orcontrovert them. On he other hand, there have been found a fewpersons at the South, who have had the hardihood toknow that slavery is in itself a commendable institution,essential to the ideal excellence of a republicanfrom of government, and in which the happinessand improvement of the African race are best to besecured and maintained. We believe that thesemonstrous opinions are not generally entertained,even by slaveholders themselves. We cannot thinkthat even slavery has so far confounded the essentialdistinctions between right and wrong, and donesuch violence alike to  and humanity. But wedo believe that there is a class of slaveholders at theSouth, and probably an increasing clams, who, alarmedby the growing agitation of the subject at theNorth, and stung by the irritating language in whichit is so often discussed, really do think that theirrights and interests would be safer if the Union weredissolved, and they were left to protect their propertyin their own way, without molestation or interference.We need not say that we believe these opinions tobe entirely mistaken, but we have little doubt thatthey are sincerely held by a class of men, not numerous,perhaps, but exerting considerable influencefrom their ability, wealth, and social position.  These two extremes of opinion on the subject ofslavery find their organs of expression in the pressand the political and deliberative assemblies of thecountry. While we deprecate and lament the violentlanguage of those persons at the North, whosezeal against slavery is so far without discretion asto lead them to favor disunion, we should be doingthem injustice, if we did not recognize a distinctionbetween them and the pro-slavery zealots at theSouth, who defend the principle of slavery, demandits extension, and look forward to its perpetual existence,with complacency and satisfaction. Theformer are fairly entitled to such measure of respectas may be claimed by men who are fearlessly anddevotedly pursuing a noble object, but not wisely,not gently, not patiently, and therefore, not successfully.But a man zealous for slavery, in the abstract,who wishes to extend it where it does not exist, andto perpetuate it where I does exist, is a moral monster,whose very existence gives stronger testimonyagainst the institution, than argument or eloquencecan supply. Now we hold, that under our institutions, a manis lawfully entitled to write or speak against the governmentof the country under which he lives. Hehas a legal right, for instance, to argue in favor ofmonarchy, in established church, and an hereditarynobility, and against republican institutions in general.So he has a right to say that the Constitutionof the United States is all wrong, and that it oughtto be set aside, and a better one substituted in itsplace. We hold, that to this right of discussion,there is no limit short of a breach of the peace, oran overt act of treason. But, on the other hand, we are bound to make anelection. We must accept the whole of the Constitutionor none of it. We have no right to take itsadvantages and reject its inconveniences. We haveno right to assent to so much as we approve, and rejectthe rest. We have no right to say that a particularprovision is void, simply because we do notlike it. The Legislature of Massachusetts gives its adherenceto the Constitution of the United States, and tothe whole of it. We represent a law-abiding andorder-loving community. We hold this to be no reproach,but an honor. We reverence the framers ofthe Constitution. We value and cherish the instrumentitself, and the Union which it has maintained,and we mean  at the, so excised all the rights which the Constitutionsecures to us, as a member of this Union.   The provisions of the Constitution on the subjectof slavery are to be construed fairly, but strictly, becausethey are opposed to personal liberty and to naturalright. Especially no inference in favor of slaverycan be drawn from the silence of the Constitution.These principles of interpretation are undeniable,and will not be questioned by any intelligentjurist, even at the South. The Opinions of the people of Massachusetts, intheir Legislative capacity, upon the subject of slavery,have been repeatedly and emphatically expressed,and it may be asked, why they are again proclaimed.To this we reply, that our attention hasbeen called to the subject, not only by the address ofhis Excellency the Governor of the Commonwealth,whose suggestions deserve and will receive our mostrespectful consideration, but because we believe, thatin view of the destiny of the newly acquired territoryof the United States, a crisis is approaching, whichrequires a mutual understanding and co-operation amongthe friends of law, liberty, order and progress,throughout the whole country. There are many points of view from which thesubject of slavery may be contemplated. It has itsreligions, its moral, its social and economical aspects.These may be safely left to the various formsand modes of expression which the press, the pulpit,and the popular assembly supply. Bu we have todeal with it solely in its political relations. We arenot a debating society or an anti-slavery convention.Our business is not to create public opinion, but togive it direction and expression. We are sent hereto make laws for the State of Massachusetts, and,incidentally, to express the sense of Massachusettsupon points of national interest, when it can be donewith propriety and effect. In the performance of this duty, as of all legislativeduties, it becomes us to act with firmness, temperanceand discretion. We are not to take counselof our passions, but of our reason and judgment.Even the sympathies and the sensibilities, thoughthey may supply motive and impulse, are unsafeguides and counselors in the conduct of affairs. Werepudiate all extravagance, exaggeration and over-statementon this subject, and all other subjects.We will not stoop to the language of menace or reproach.We do no believe that any good has, orever will, come from the crimination or recriminationinto which men so readily fall, when they discuss thisquestion. We do not believe that men are made betterby rousing their passions, or that a state of constantirritation is favorable to the growth of virtue orwisdom. We leave vehement denunciation, intemperateabuse, and threats of disunion, to those whothink such exhibitions seemly and profitable; whoeither believe that they "do well to be angry," or elsefor politic ends, counterfeit a passion which they donot feel. In our opinion the subject of slavery, fromthe existing nature of the topics it necessarily involves,peculiarly required the application of wisdom,discretion and forbearance. Entertaining these views, your committee wouldexpress their entire assent to the opinions of his Excellency,the Governor of the Commonwealth, uponthe introduction of Negro Slavery into the territoriesof the Union which are now free. We view withthe strongest reprobation, those men who have so fardegenerated from the spirit of their fathers, as tomaintain that the existence of slavery is in itself agood, to be perpetuated and extended; and, on theother hand, we have no sympathy with the party thatdenies the virtue of patriotism and rejects the Constitutionof our country. We abide by the letter andspirit of that instrument. The letter forbids us frominterposing directly with a domestic institution, sanctionedby the laws of States whose jurisdiction withintheir own limits is supreme and exclusive, and forthe evil consequences of which we are in no wise responsible,while the spirit should unite all parties inpreventing its ext one inch beyond its existinglimits.  We entertain no doubt of the power of Congressto exclude slavery from the territory of the UnitedStates which is new free, and we also entertain nodoubt that they ought to exercise that power. Theargument of the slaveholders, that to shut out themand their property from a region acquired by thecommon blood and treasure of the whole country,would be unequal, oppressive, and unjust, is answeredby a simple statement of the legal character ofslavery, which owes its existence to positive municipallaw, to oppressive natural right, and not recognizedby the common law. The argument involvesa bagging of the question as to the nature of propertyin slaves. It  it for granted that the slave-holderhas the  and right to his slave that he has to his  or .This  deny. We admit that  locallimits, he has the same right. But this is a peculiarand exceptional . We are new asked to enlargethe exception. But we prefer to leave the ruleas it is.         But we are told that the exclusion of slavery these territory will be followed by a dissolution ofthe Union, and Massachusetts and the other States are warned to recede from the ground whichthey have taken on the subject, in view of the consequenceswhich may excuse if they adhere to it.   In reply to this suggestion, we say in the first place,that we doubt the fact. We believe that is any eventthe Union will be maintained. We believe that thefanatics of the North and the fanatics of the South,who, standing at the opposite poles of opinion on thissubject, agree in thinking that the objects they aimsat would be best accomplished by a dissolution ofthe Union, are not sustained by anything approachingto a majority in either section of the country.We believe, further, that many of these who aremost loud and flippant in the agitation of this subject,are encouraged by a secret consciousness, ofthis fact, and that they themselves would be amongthe list to take the responsibility of dissolving theUnion were it in their power to do so. Discontentis a clamorous, and content a silent, quality. Toborrow a celebrated illustration, a few restless grass-hoppersin a field make more noise then a herd ofcattle feeding and reposing in tranquility. Thegreat body of reasonable men who are attached to theUnion, are a quiet class, neither writing nor making speeches, but who would act with vigorand promptness, if necessary. We think that theSouth, if left to themselves, would submit to the willof the majority on this subject, as on other subjectsof general interest, but we also have little doubt thatit is possible, by a course of unwise and exasperatingagitation, to good them into measures as disastrous tothemselves as to us.  In the next place, we say that, with the views weentertain upon the extension of slavery, we are compelledto lay aside all consideration of the consequenceswhich may flow from an adherence to theseviews. We feel a strong attachment to the UnionIt has made as a powerful, a prosperous, and ahappy people. We value our common recollectionsand our common hopes. We look back with prideupon our great past, and forward, with hope to ouranimating future. From the consequences whichwould follow a violent disruption of the Union, wewould gladly avert our thoughts. But in that disastrousevent, we should have at least the consolationof a conscience void of offence. But in giving ourassent to the extension of slavery into regions nowfree, we should feel that we were guilty of a sin beforeGod and man, for which there is no compensationand no equivalent. The sting of self-reproachwould make our material prosperity of little value.The consciousness of wrong-doing would pursue usthrough all the paths of life, and impair the flavor ofour daily bread. If we are called on to do wrong,we prefer to suffer wrong. From the language sometimes used by public menat the South, both at home and in Congress, we shouldinfer that our Southern brethren really supposed thatopposition to slavery at the North was confined tofanatics and disorganizers. We assure them thatsuch is not the case. The feeling against slaverymay be said to be universal among the people ofthe New England States. It is the sentiment of reasonable,moderate, and judicious men, who hold noextreme opinions, and would shrink from all intemperateaction. With those whose lives are governedby moral and religious ideas, it is a deep moraland religious conviction, and as such, is entitled tothe respect of slaveholders themselves. Such personsbelieve slavery to be an institution which arrestsall moral, religious, and intellectual growth inthe enslaved race, and is no wise favorable to suchgrowth in the dominant race. When, therefore, weare asked to consent to the extension of slavery intoregions which are now free, we are asked to do thatwhich morality and religion alike forbid. We canonly be convinced that we are wrong in this sentimentby being persuaded that slavery is an institutionnot opposed to morality and religion. Much as werespect the eloquence and ability of our Southernbrethren, we doubt whether they can ever slake ourconvictions on this point. In conclusion, we beg leave to cite, for the considerationof the  'be  of one whom thesewill summit to be a sign security. Mr. Jefferson, iswriting upon the subject of slavery, makes use of thestriking expression, 'I tremble for my country whenI reflect that God is just.' So we, reflecting thatGod is just, should tremble for ourselves and ourchildren, if we sided in the extension of an institutionwhich we believe to be opposed to all the attributesof God. The temporal misfortunes, which afirm adherence to duty may bring upon us, we shallendeavor to bear with the patience and submissionwith which it is our duty to receive the chastisementsof divine Providence. But we will not buy temporalblessings with the price of what we deem wrong-doing.We will endure the shadow of sorrow, but notthe stain of guilt.   For the Committee, GEO.S. HILLARD, Chairman. Chairman. 

 JUST received, and for sale at the Anti-SlaveryOffice, 21 Cornhill— The Experience of Thomas Jones, who was a Slavefor forty-three years. Written by a friend to givenhim by the victim. This is an ing and authenticnarrative. Price 13 1-2 cents.  Cousin Ann's Stories fro Children—in prose andpoetry—very useful and entertaining. A Discourse on Woman by Lucretia Mott; deliveredat the Assembly Building, Philadelphia, Dec.17, 1848; being a fall photographic report arrivedby the Author. 

 RESOLVES CONCERNING SLAVERY. Resolved, That slavery is an institution, the existenceof which is to be lamented alike by the patriotand the philanthropist, and which ought on noaccount to be extended beyond its prevent limits. Resolved, That in expressing this, the universalsense of the people of Massachusetts, we are guiltyof no want of loyalty to the Constitution, and nowant of courtesy to the Slaveholding States, for suchwas the opinion of the framers of the Constitution,of those from the slaveholding States, no less thanof these from the free States, and the general sentimentof the whole country at the time of the formationof that instrument. Resolved, That from what we know of this viewsof the framers of the Constitution, upon this subject,and from the language used by them in debating itsprovisions, we have no doubt that had they contemplatedthe possibility of the future extension of slavery,they would have prevented it by an express prohibitoryclause. Resolved, That by the Constitution, Congress hasfull power to legislate in regard to the territories belongingto the United States, and to make all needfulrules and regulations respecting them, without anyexception in favor of slavery. Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress to passsuch laws as shall exclude slavery from the territoriesof the Union which are now time. Resolved, That by a reasonable construction ofthe Constitution the people of the slaveholding Stateshave no more right to extend slavery beyond itspresent limits, than the people of the free Stateshave to interfere with the institution, within the territoryof the slaveholding States themselves. Resolved, That the Commonwealth of Massachusettsyields to none of her-sister States in attachmentto the Union; but that the further extension of slaverywould, in our opinion, be alike a national misfortuneand a moral wrong, to which no threats ofdisunion and no fear of consequences can ever induceus to give our assent. Resolved, That Congress has full power to legislateupon slavery and the slave-trade in the Districtof Columbia; and that they ought to abolish theslave-trade therein, immediately; and also, to takesuch measures as shall lead to the abolition of slaveryin said District, as soon as the mass can be justlyeffected. ☞A Report in behalf of a  of the Committeewas  by .]    SOUTHERN SCORN. The Georgia House of Representativeshas passed 'strong and comprehensiveresolutions' on the subject of slavery. A report ofthe proceedings says: OUTHERN CORN. While the House was acting on this subject, amessage from the Governor was announced, accompanyinga series of resolutions from the State of Connectedon the subject of slavery. On motion of Mr.Inea, the Governor, by a  vote, was requestedto return these resolutions, under a blankcover, to the Executive of Connecticut. It was alsoresolved by a unanimous vote, that the resolution,lately received from Vermont, upon the same subject,be returned under a blank cover to the Executive ofVermont. It was further resolved that a  resolutionshould, in like manner, be returned to theExecutives from whom they were sent.    A bill to provide for the calling of a State Conventionin the event of the anti-slavery  ofCongress in , .     

 WHO, it will be remembered was formerly aslave for Kentucky, has opened the above ,and keeps a good measurement of  of superior quality. He wants that all will lend hima helping hand, for it will be his constant endeavor tokeep for sale a good and cheap article on hand, both at wholesale and retail. good cheap He has also a good sentiment of Knocks, such as are generally kept in a variety so that he is  to accommodate all his friendswho may feel  to give his a .      

 'Wherefore hear the word of the Lord, ye scornfulman that rule this people: Because ye have said. Wehave made a covenant with death, and with hell arewe at agreement: when the overflowing scourge shallpass through, it shall not come unto be; for we havemade lies our fuge, and under falsehood have we hidourselves: Therefore thus saith the Lord God, Judgmentwill I lay to the line, and righteousness to theplummet; and the hail shall sweep away the refugeof lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding-place.And YOUR CONVENEN WIH DEATH SHALLBE ANNULLED, AND YOUR AGREEMENTWITH HELL SHALL NOT STAND. When theoverflowing  shall pass through, then ye shallbe trodden down by it.'   'Associate yourselves,  people, and ye shall bebroken in pisses; gird yourselves, and ye shall bebroken in . Take , and it shallcome to nought; speak the word, and it shall notstand: for GOD IS WITH US. For the Lord spoke thusto me with a strong hand, and instructed me thatI shall not walk in the way of this people, saying,Say ye not, A CONFEDERACY, to all them to whomthis people shall my. A CONFEDERACY; neither fearye their fear, nor be . Sanctify the Lord ofhosts himself, and let him be your fear, and let himbe your  and he shall be for a sanitarily.'    OD IS WITH US.   'Wherefore thus saith the Holy One of Israel, Becauseye despise this word, and trust in oppression and, and stay thereon: therefore THIS INIQUITYSHALL  TO YOU AS A FRENCH, and ready to fall, swellingout in a high wall, whose breaking a an instant. And he shall break it as he breakingof the potter's vessel that is broken in pieces.' trust in oppression and, and stay thereon    'Therefore the Lord will cut off from Israel headand tail, branch and rush, in one day. The ancientand honorable, he is he head; and the prophet thatteacheth lies, he is the tail. For the  of thispeople  them to err, and they that are led of themare . Therefore the Lord shall have no joyin their young men, neither shall have mercy ontheir fatherless and widowers for every one is an hypocriteand an evil-door, and every mouth speakethfolly.' the  of thispeople  them to err, and they that are led of themare .    'Was to them that go down to Egypt for help! andstay on heroes, and trust in chariots, because they aremany; and in , because they are very strong:but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel,neither seek they the Lord! Now the Egyptians aremen, and not God; and their horses flash, and notspirit. When the Lord shall stretch out his hand,both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is help onshall fall down, and they shall all fall together.'  'Thus saith the Lord, Let not the wise man gloryin his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory inhis might, let not the rich man glory in his riches:but let him that gloriath glory in this, that he undersandethand knoweth me, that I am the Lord whichexerciseth loving kindness, judgment and righteousnessin the earth: for in these things I delight, saiththe Lord.' 'Our Transgressions are with us: and as for our iniquities,we know them; in transgiving and lyingagainst the Lord, and departing away from our God,speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and utteringfrom the heart words of falsehood. And judgmentis turned away back ward, and justice standethafar off: for truth, is fallen in the street, and equitycannot enter. Yes, truth faileth: and he that deparithfrom evil maketh himself a prey.' he that deparithfrom evil maketh himself a prey. 'Shall I met vials for these things  saith the Lord.Shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation no this?'  In the year 1825, an attempt was made to crushthe anti-slavery cause by a comprehensive, irrectabledemocratic movement throughout the obuntry.Public meetings were called in nearly all the prominentcities and towns, by a formidable array of signaturesof the most influential citizens, for he purposeof frowning upon the abolitionists, putting anend to the agitation of the slavery question, and assuringthe merciless tyrants of the South that theywith safety and impunity. The consequences was, thefriends of the slave were hunted for their lives, alllaw and order were trampled under foot, and a populardelirium swept through the land with the fury ofa whirlwind. It was a year of  that and all-aboundinganarchy. But what was the result ofhis insane demonstration? Was slavery strengthenedby it? No, Did the abolitionists quail andabandon their ground? No. The cunning werecaught in their own craftiness, and the counsels ofthe forward carried headlong. From that period, theanti-slavery enterprise received a tremendous impacts—thousands of new converts were induced to reallyaround its standard—and it has ever since continuedto search onward majestically and irresistibly.   At the present time, the foul, demoniac spirit of Pro-Slaveryat the North is attempting to play the oldgame, under a new phase and for a new object. Alreadythe hall has been set in motion in Philadelphiaand New York, and no doubt other places will imitatethe bad example. The idol that is new to beworshipped is the AMERICAN UNION; and whoso falls not down before it, and gives not to it his hoage,is to be hold up to popular execration, to speakof no worse punishment. In the Pennsylvania ofthe 10th inst. is a call for a Democratic meeting inthe Chinese Museum, the signatures to it occupyingseveral columns, of those 'opposed to the fanaticalefforts of the Free Soilers and Abolition agitators tosever the Union.' On the evening of the 22d,(Washington's birth day,) a large Whig meeting washeld in Philadelphia, for the purpose of preserving'our glorious Union' by repudiating the spirit ofLiberty, and making all possible concessions to theSlave Power. At that meeting, the great SatanicCompromiser. HENRY CLAY, was present, and of, astically cheered.  ENRY LAY   In the New York Journal of Commerce, of Monday,is a call for a meeting at Castle Garden, 'irrespectiveof Party Distinction, in favor of sustaining OURUNION by the permanent settlement (!!) of theONWAY  now  the nation, upon thebasis of the  CONPROMISE RESOLUTIONS, by the Hon.Henry Clay.' Some four thousand signatures areappended to the call,  thousand others notappearing in point. At the head of the list in the of G MALL, the editor of the Journalof Commerce, the Northern,  of slavery,the most unprincipled of men, and characterized byan infernal activity to perpetuate the 'sum of all villanies,'and to repress every aspiration for universalfreedom in the land.    ONPROMISE ESOLUTIONS     ALL   Well, the meeting was held on Monday evening—a large concourse was in attendance—the chair wastaken by Mayor Woodhull—Clay's Gad-defying Resolutionswere adopted—and speeches made by Gen.Scot, J. D Oyden, Joseph L. White, and Jas.R. Whiting. The last named 'patriot' vehementlyadvocated the seizure of fugitive slaves! and amongother things said—'Fanaticism and Abolitionism arebut other names for burglary, robbery, fraud and larceny!Oh, these smooth, Quaker ,  fanaticvillnies, these  Abolitionists, whosehypocrisy and  philanthropy ought to double-them!' The meeting adjourned with cheersfor the Union, for Henry Clay and Winfield Scott.       We may be asked, what have we to say to thesemulti demonstrations in favor of the Union!What! Why, first—. He that  in the heavensshall laugh; the Lord shall have them the decision.'Next—NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS!—Next—'Your Covenant with Death shall be ,and your Agreement with Hall shall not stand!'—Finally, to the friends of justice, liberty, —     'Ye who revote that higher law,Whom tables in the heart are not,Speak out in words of power and ,That God is living yet!Breathe  mere Which thrilled the burthnell prophet's ,Aid in a dark and evil .                

 BY JOHN C. WHITTIER. Last again the stately on bless on the Bay States shield,Give to Northern winds the Pine Tree on our honner's field,Sons of men who set in council with their round the Board,Answering England's royal massive with a firmTRUE THE LOAN!'Rise again for home and freedom — the  inarray!—What the  did of  time, we do to-day!           RUE THE OAN       What the  did of  time, we do to-day     Till us not of banks and tariffs—come your !Shall the good State sink her honor, that your gamblingstocks may rise!Would ye barter man for ?—that your gainsmay be the same,Must we kiss the foot of Moloch, pass our childrenthrough the flame?Is the dollar only real? God and truth and right adream?Weighed against your lying lodgers, must our manhoodkick the beam?               Oh, my God! for that free spirit, which of old inBoston townSenate the Province House with terror struck thecrest of Andres down!—For another strong voiced Adams in the city's streetsto cry:'Up for God and Massachusetts! Set your fast onMammon's Me!Perish banks and perish traffic—spin your cotton'slatest pound—But in Heaven's name keep your honor—keep theheart of the Bay State sound!'            Where's the MAN for Massachusetts?—where's thevoice to speak her free?Where's the hand to light up boasters from hermountain to the sea?Seem her Pilgrim pulse so longer?  dumbin her despair?Has she none to break the ? Has she to do and dare?Oh, my God! for one right worthy to lift up herrusted shield,And to plant again the Pine Tree in her banner'sscattered field!               

 The letter of SAMUEL , inserted on our lastpage,  now readily an individual, in a popularstate of mind, and give to an inch the importanceof a , and how turn it is that AMUEL    'Trills, light as sir,Are to the  strongAs peach from .'     He gravely  both our fairness and ,, in publishing a  portion of the proceedingsof the Sy Convention, we omitted to copythe following statement:—      The Chairman intend used to the Convention HENRYB. MANSHALE, who, though born a freemen, was for anumber of years sold into slavery. ENRY ANSHALE Mr. Marshall said, anti-slavery men ought not tobuy the cotton, sugar, & of slaveholders. We canraise all we want; why should we patronize soul-drivers!We can raise wool, flax, tee, any thing andall we want. How can we put down slavery? Bypurchasing the products of slavery? No! We muststep the slaveholders' market. We can clothe ourpeople without their cotton. He hoped the Conventionwould adopt a resolution not to lay them. Asseem on this was done by  friends, slaverywould die.  He compares this mission to the Southern expurgationof anti-slavery sentiments from books in lationin that section of the country, and feels that itcalls for special expectoration and reproof! Now thisoutcry is simply ludicrous. It is  that we the paragraph, quoted, above, together with the narrativeof Marshall's life, but not between we  unwillingor afraid (!) to  our readme one it, (asfriend  to think,) but because it wasnot our design to give the proceedings in fall, for of , being  tried by the pressure of other interesting,and, at this crisis, yet more important matter;and, at this crisis, yet more important matter;and therefore we published only a condemned accountof the organization and nation of the Conventionduring the first day—not having, up to this hour,found space for any thing that was said or done onthe two succeeding days. This Samuel Rhodeknows; and hence his complaint seems to arise froma captious as querulous sprit, or it may be the productof enormous self-conceit. If we had undertakento give the proceedings entire, or if we had publishedthe outlines of Marshall's history, and suppressedwhat he said respecting slave grows produce, thanindeed suck a latter as our friend has written mighthave seemed warranted! but we did no such thingsMr. Marshal 'hoped the Convention would adopt aresolution not to buy Southern cotton, sugar, &c.'But no such resolution was proposed—of course, noneadopted. Why does not friend Rhoads charge theConvention with having dad the question, andsuppressed the most material point in sentiments (ashe thinks) with the Slave Power?           We hold  was bound to respect the ples of every man, whether we regard thesescruples as well-founded or not; and we think weshall naves voluntarily outer into controversy withany one whose conscience will not permit hiss to partakeof the products of slave labor. The question haslost his importance with us; though (as friend Rhoadsis careful to remind us) we once regarded it in a differentlight. We are convinced that its discussion isa waste of time and talent, that no practical benefitcan arrive out of it to the slave, and therefore we havedeclined being drawn into it, as well as into other'questions of doubtful disputation.' If abstinencefrom slave productions be a moral duty, we have yetto see the individual who reduces it to pasties; andthough this universal implication in there are releasesno man from what is morally obligatory, and is noexcuse in itself, (we do not offer it as such,) yet itshows that we have teachers without exemplars; andsuch teachers, while we differ from them fundamentally,address our moral  in . He who denouncesslaveholding on a crime, and yet retains orage; he who holds that war is under all circumstancessinful, and yet appears in regimentals, or takes anoath to sustain, the war system;  himself invain to the conscience of the slaveholder or the warrior.It is equally as  to repro the use ofslave grown produce as a  in as, and then partakeof it at first or second hand. Friend Rhoadsis the editor of a free produce journal, yet the materialof his paper is slave grown cotton. He beginsthe theoretical advocacy of his cause by a practicaldenial of its fundamental principle; and while advocatingpurity, is endeavoring to extend the circulationof that which has the taint of moral leprosy uponit. The teachers may be very sincere, but is lookingin that consistency which gives force to precept.           Slave labor is not a profitable system; it is wasteful,improvident, precarious; it has no resources, noelasticity, no self-sustaining power, in times of emergency;it smites the most fertile soil with barrenness,and made in wide-spread bankruptcy. This is itsrighteous retribution, the testimony of God againstit, and his method of dissuading from its prosecution—not abstinence from its productions;—for these productionsare the gifts of his love, and designed and fittedfor he sustenance of human life, and not accursedor forfeited because raised through suffering and oppression.No market for them shall ever give theminherent and permanent pecuniary value. To thosewho withhold the hire of their laborers, they shallbe as the apples of Sedum. This is our reply to theargument, that slaveholders are stimulated by a thirstfor gold. Be it so—they have mistaken he rend towealth, and their disappointment is inevitable. Solidprosperity must have liberty for its basis, and freemaninstead of slaves for cultivators of the sail. Notthe master-passion in the bosom of the slaveholder isnot the love of gain, but the possession of absolutepower, unlimited sovereignty. Our testimony is registered against, oppression inevery form: but if we are precluded by a moral lawfrom using these productions which are  withoppression, through invaluable for the  andcomfort of mankind, then we must needs go out ofthe world to escape contamination. We have no objectionto dying at any moment, if duty requires thesacrifice; but that duty must be seen in no equivocalform, when we trust we shall be 'ready-to-be-offered.'   We admit that there is a connection between slaveryand the use of its production, which admits of ingeniousreasoning as in moral accountability in the and tion,that if there were no  there wouldbe no —no market, no traffic—therefore noslaves. So there is a connection between the of the human race and their horrible misdeeds, which a  proposition, makes God respectable forall the blood which has been shed, all the ternary exercised,all the crimes committed, all she sufferingsexperienced since the world begins; for if he had nocreated the race, these horrors could not have —therefore he is respectable for  all! There isas close a connection between the war system, andpaying takes or duties which are almost wholly expendedin sustaining that system, which admires ofsimilar renouncing; if nobody would impost goods,and nobody pay taxes, the war revenue would bedried up, and the army would have to be disbanded,the navy distled; therefore every importer orconsumer of foreign goods, every tax-payers, is verilyguilty of all the blood that is  in won! Whothat takes a just and comprehensive view of thingscan attach guilt to any of these acts? A thousandanalogous  might be cited, but these must .We present against a  as on unnatural barrier to interchange, as on immoral contrivance; we against every custom ; we  against was and all perpetration war; we acknowledge, moreover, that theduties which we pay on articles of foreign impastationare largely swallowed up in support of an  and, , , military , and; and yes we maintain it is a  innocentnot to import foreign goods, to pay duties uponthat ,  they part of the world or another, whether fabricated byEnglish  or Russian ; was duty thatin so using them or paying for them, we are to be laidcompetition either for the injustice of Russia or Eastland,or the war department of the home governmentThat if there are any whose conscientious  asmuch as to forbid their  English  orIrish, , or paying any outers-duties by the importationof such articles, we can only say that weshall have-no contraracy with them, while we shallrespect their , at leas to the  of the.                                        So, in regard to Southern slavery—we have a faithful testimony against it for more than twentyyears; we  it, and all its , we , too, that as the army and navy be supported without a governmental revense, to slaveryderives from commerce, from Northern assumptionof the , the  of  assistance;yet we deny that it is meanly wrong it, on  slave rise. In themselves, they are nutritious and cent;they are paid for at a fair market, value, the was  for heir cultivation; the contracts, not on the head of the consumer, for thenot alone, but on the soul of him who, wish the moneyin his hands,  by  and  thehire of his laborers, and allows them only a Yet we respect the  of hose who hasthat, by using slave productions, they will became to that exent for all the vis involvedin the slave system—provided they are  in rejecting the money obtained by thesale of those productions elsewhere, and see not  aother respects the part of uncompromising friends ofthe slave.                           But we are extending our remarks beyond our inalintroduction. Our eye has just caught the followingextract of a speech made by Mr. ROWARD , an anti-slavery meeting recently held in England, to consider the  aspect of the slave trade, and with this practical view of he ,we close our article. After a long and address by Mr. JOHN SE, the Secretary of theBritish and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, Mr. in ascending the vote of thanks to Mr.  for hisaddress, said—  OWARD        OHN E    It was quite true, do started by Mr. S,  the reduction of the duties on sugar, that slave trade has been doubled; but he denied ,that that increase in the slave trade was  tothe reduction of these duties. (Hear, hear.) He didthis on the authority of a statistical table he had beforehim, which showed that not only when we hada very high duty on foreign sugar, but when we prohibitedit altogether, the slave trade was twice isgreat as it was at the present time. (Hear. hear.,From 1835 to 1840, when the duty on foreign who . per cent., the slave trade was said is the number, not between 70,000 to 80,000, is arebut to 135,000 every year; so that during these twoyears, when we did not admit an  of sugar, the slave trade was twice as great as it is (Hear, hear.) With these facts he met the of Mr. Seebis. He believed with Mr. Cthe right way to meet an evil was by moral name,and not by fiscal restrictions, and he believed a magiceffect had been produced in the United States by theexample which this country had set them. He forward to the day when, as the result of alone, slavery would be abolished, not North America, but in Brazil and Cuba also. (H.)He was glad Mr. Sooble had, by the last he had uttered, shown the full scope of kitionsand opinions. He said he would  theintroduction into our maskers of all slave-grows produce.If so, he must prohibit the millions of of cotton imported here, and thus starve all the manufacturesand operatives in Lancashire—(hear, hear.)—for of four hundred and sixty-seven millionpounds weight of cotton imported into this countryin 1837, four hundred and thirty millions poundswere the produce of the slave labor of America. , a large portion of the population of England atupon Mr. , principle of prohibit. To dothis, they must not only prohibit the whole of the ton,but also all the tobacco, the rice, a large partsof the corn, provisions, and he timer of the UnitedStates. And would they by this adverse the tionof slavery? He believed with Mr. Carbutt, toso far from doing so, they would counteract thewhole of that moral force which they had at theirco, and the slaveholders of the United Stateswould rise up as one man and say, though willing toabolish slavery because it was an evil, they would actabolish it because it were prescribed to them by a foreignpower. (Applause.) But the case did not anywith the United States, for on this principle of prohibition,they must shut out a large part of the produceof Egypt, also, the flax, the , and thehides of Russia; for though not the produce of labor, it was the produce of the later of , were nearly in the condition of slaves. (Applause.)This was the sacrifice they must make, if they carriedout the proposal of his friend Mr. Seebis; and alarge portion of the industry of this country would itcut off, for if they would not buy, they could not ,and thus all means of supporting millions of an athis country would be at an end, and at the time, they would be placing a barrier against thecommerce of other nations as well. The great principleof free traffic, if not a moral principles, had mostefforts and qualities; it was a great and noble principle,and intimately connected with the cause ofgood will and friendly intercourse between the different of the earth: (Applause.)                                     

 BY JOHN O. WRITTIER. Quench every free discussion light—Clap on the legislative snuffers,And caulk with 'resolutions' tightThe ghostly rents the Union suff!Let Church and State brand AbolitionAs he heresy and rank sedition.      Choke down, at once, each breathing thingThat whispers of the Rights of Man;Gag the free girl who dares to singOf freedom o'ar her dairy pan;Dog the old farmer's steps shout,And hunt his cherished treason out.      Do more. Fill up your loathsome jailsWith faithful men and women—seeThe scaffold up in those green value,And let the verdant turf be wetWith blood of unresisting man—Ay, do all this, and more,—WHAT THEN?      Think ye, one heart of man of childWill falter from its lofty faith,At the mob's tumult, fierce and wihl—The prison-call—the shameful death?No!—nursed in storm and trial long,This weakest of our band is strong.      Oh! while before us visions comeOf slave ships on Virginia's co—Of mothers in their Like Rachel, sorrowing o'er the loss—The slave-gang see urged upon its wayThe blood-hound and his human prey—        We cannot falter! Did we so,The stones beneath would murmur out,And all the winds that round us blowWould whisper of our shame about;No! let the tempest rock the land,Our faith shall live—our truth shall stand.      True as the Vaudois hammed aroundWith Papal fire and Roman steel—Firm as the Christian here boundUpon Domitian's torturing wheel,We 'bate no breath—we curb no thought—Come what may come, WE PALYER NOT!       

 The review of Henry Clay's iniquitous CompromiseResolutions, by Judge Jay, which  tolarge a portion of our present number, is an  asit is able, and cannot fail very deeply to impress themind of every reflecting reader. Notwithstanding itslength, (and it is not once fourth as long as Mr. Clay'sspeech, which has been published entire is very muchjournals.) every editor who desires the triumph ofLiberty over Slavery at this should  inlay it before his readers, unabridged. See, by thefollowing paragraph, how widely the base is beingcirculated! Shall not the antidote be sent  it,with all possible dispatch and liberty!     Mr. Clay's Speech.—We have already as many ofthere for this speech as we can fill in two weeks; nottherefore; we cannot receive any more for it, unless the subscribers will agree to  morethan two weeks. It will require about one hundredand seventy rooms royal octavo paper to paint therealready ordered—Washington Globe. Mr. Clay's Speech.   Washington Globe. 

 BY JOHN G. WHITTER. Vainly shall your  wrought ropeFind the  cluster up,Shattered over heaven's bias cope!     Give us bright though broken rays,Bother than eternal have,Clouding o'er the full- slave.    Take your slavery blackened value:Leave us but our own free gales,Blowing on our thousand sails.   With your bondman's right arm hare,With his heart of block despair,Stand alone, if stand ye dare!   And when vengeance clouds your skins,Hither shall ye turn your eyes,As the lost on Paradise!   

 All persons are hereby cautioned against the impositionof WILLIAM JONES, once a slave, who dogoing from place to place, collecting mercy, on thepretence of wishing to purchase his wife and children.He was last heard of in N. Bridgewater. He has alreadycollected upwards of $120, and can give ascount of its appropriation.  him to  been a slave, and denceto other parts of his story, I was induced, isSeptember last, to give him a recommendatory ,which has sided him in raising the above sum. Hepromised to deposit his collections with me, for , which he has not done. A month again, Iwithdrew that letter, and warned him to cross hisdeceptions on the public. But he has been  inthis, at in other costs, and it now becomes my dutyto give this publicity to his course, and to all persons against being further deceived by him.         SAMUEL MAY, Jr. Boson, Feb. 2nd. 

 BY JOHN G. WHITTER. Still round our country's proudest hallThe trade in human flesh is driven,And a each careless hammer-fallA human heart is rivers!    And this, too, sanctioned by the man,Wanted with power to shield the night,And throw each vile and robber denWith open to the light    Yes,  upon shame!—there they allMen of the North, subdued and still!Mock, pliant poltroons, only atWe work a master's will.     Sold—bargained off for Southern votes—A passive hard of Northern mules,Just braying through their purchased throats,Whate'er their owner rules.    

 It is a  to suppose, no some of our have done, that these should now be keptback. Let them he sent forward, and the edwill take charge of heir transmission to samemember of the Legislature.    SAMUEL MAY, Jr. 21 Cornhill, Boston. ☞The Report of the Joint Special Committees arethe subject of , in proceeding  do is  and  in is ; but wehave no  this week.        

 BY WHITTER. Still let the land be shackedBy a summons of thine owalBy all save truth Why, stand with that ! not from  unequal!With the best And , in the God holds the right side up!               

 Hold its Annual Meeting at Worcester, in BrinkleyHall, on Saturday evening and Sunday, Feb. 23 and24. The President, Ellingham L. Capron, took theChair. Samuel May, Jr., was appointed Secretary.  On motion, committees on business and on thenomination of officers for the ing year were nominatedby the Chair.  Samuel May, Jr., offered the following resolutionwith regard to the resent action in the MassachusettsHouse of Representatives on the anti-slaverypositions, and the noble stand then and there takenby Mr. Tolmen, one of the Representatives fromWorcester:— Received, That we would make respectful andgrateful mention of the man who recently stand, gleand close, in the Legislature of this State, andaltered his solitary protest against the tyrannical actby which the right of petition was virtually deceivedto the anti-slavery men and women of the State. Wewould render the honor due to him who could notbe induced, by numbers nor example, to swerve fromduty, and we would express our confident belief that,when many now proud and prominent names are forgotten,Massachusetts will cherish as among her bestand most abiding treasures, the memory of such menat ALMOST TOLMAN, of Worcester.  LMOST OLMAN He also offered the following resolutions, from thebusiness committee:— Resolved, That to make any farther compromiseswith Slavery and the Slave Power, will be to add theclimax of wickedness and infamy to the already over-hardenedlead of this nation's guilt and shame; andthat the time has fully come, when all proposals forcompromise with Slavery, no matter from what quarterthey come, should meet from the North but one, that of indignant and honest rejection.  Resolved, That the plan of Henry Clay, instead ofbeing a compromise with slavery, contemplates a totalsurrender of every principle of justice and right to theslaveholders' demands;—that to admit California with'middle boundaries,' plainly means with such boundariesas suit slavery;—that to leave the vast territoryfor New Mexico, without any direct legislation foror against slavery, will be to leave the door openwide for the entrance of the slaveholder into that territorywith his human property, and thereby in effectto establish slavery there; — and that to react more laws for the surrender of the fugitive slave,and for the protection of the slave-trade, as HenryClay's plan proposes, will argue a depth of depvitywhich it is hardly conceivable that even this oppressivecountry can have reached. compromise   Received, That a proposition so black and atrociousat this so-called compromise could have been framedonly by a man whose whole life has been devotedto ingenious contrivances for making the wrong appearright, and for reconciling the American mindand conscience to familiarity with tyrannical and dexterityacts; and we condemn and denounce it andits author as alike false and hostile to justice, to manand to God. Received, That now, at last this nation must seethat concession to the Slave Power is the great andindispensable condition of the continuance of thisUnion;—in other words, that its continuance dependswholly and solely upon the readiness of theAmerican people to reject the laws of God, and to armythemselves against his sovereignty and government;—and therefore that the Dissolution of thisUnion is demanded by every principle of rectitude, ofholiness, and of the love of God, as well as by everynative of consistency and honor. Resolved, That the American Churches, which,(with such few and rare exceptions.) have all alongarrayed themselves on the side of the slave's oppressors,and in hate and persecution of the slaves' adventusand friends, are thereby proved to be notChurches of the Lord Jesus Christ, but his worst, becausehis most specious, enemies. Parker Pillsbury, from the same committee, offeredthe following: Resolved, That all voters under the Constitutionof the United States, whether in the Whig, Democratic,Free Soil, or any other political party, acknowledgingallegiance to the government, must ofcommunity pledge themselves to their slaveholding confederatesand to one another— 1. That they win sustain the right to bold propertyin man, by allowing slaveholders political power inproportion to the number of their slaves. 2. That they will never secrete nor defend the runawayslaves from the pursuing masters. 3. That in case of insurrection among the slaves,they will defend that oppressor against the oppressed,the robber and ravisher against their victims. 4. That they will never exert their politics.' powerto abolish slavery in the States. 5. That they will hold all the slaves responsible totheir government, while they allow them no prosecution,either in their rights or persons. 6. That they will sanction and defend violations ofthe rights of property, liberty and life by slaveholders,which they will punish with the dungeon ordeath, when committed by non-slaveholders. 7. That they will regard as crimes worthy of deathis slaves, what, in their owners, they honor and appliedas the highest virtues. 8. That while the testimony of the slave shall neverbe admitted against the master, they will give fullaudit to the testimony of the master against the slave. 9. That they will sanction, and help execute, everyslave low in every slave State. 10. That there is not, and never shall be, one spotof free mail under their jurisdiction, on which the slavemay stand secure against the claim of the master. Resolved, That to vote in, or voluntarily to supportsuch a government, is a crime of surpassingmagnitude, the very death of justice and humanity,and high  against the government of God.  Resolved, That while from every speech in Congress,from every political press, (if not from everyreligious one also,) and from a multitude of pulpits,we are stunned with pans and praises to the Union,and execrations and curses upon those who are suckingits overthrow, we are full of joy and hope, thatour efforts are producing the desired effect; that thenation has taken the alarm; and that no exercise ofneck , politicians or pulpits, will long be successfulin upholding a covenant rocking with so manyexaminations.   W.R. Earle, from the committee on nominations,reported the following list of officers for the presentyour:— President: President: GHAM L. CAPRON, of Worcester.  Vice Presidents: Vice Presidents: Jonish Hen shaw, of West Brookfield. Adin Ballou, of Milford. Clark Aldrich, of Upton. Meson Sawing, of Southbore'. Lyman Allen, of Northbore.' J Spencer, of Worcester.  Recording Secretary: Recording Secretary: John H. Crane, of Millville. Treasurer: John M. Flak, of West Brookfield. Corresponding Secretary: Corresponding Secretary: William B. Earle, of Leicester. Executive Committees: Executive Committees: John M. Fisk, of West Brookfield. William B. Rorle, of Leicester. Martin Stowell, of Warren. sh H. Earle, of Worcester.  Emma W. Wyman, of Worcester. Henry Carpenter, of Upton. John O. Wyman, of Worcester. The  was assigned and the  elected.    The meeting was addressed by Samuel May, Jr.,Parker Pillsbury, Lucy Stone, John C. Wy, Wm.E. Earle, Pertia Bliss, Mr. Carter of Worcester, (whospoke in defence of the Free Soil party,) and Rev.Warren Burton. Mr. Burton expressed, in a most manner, his sympathy with the anti-slaverymen and women there present, and the growing interest,he felt the cause and in their views of the cause.   Lucy Stone made earnest and eloquent addresses. Mr. Pillsbury urged the vital necessity of an earnest,manly, independent, individual character. Helaid open, in a very clear manner, the immorality andguilt of supporting the W.S. Constitution and government,whether that support be given by Whig.Democrat, Free Soiler, or any one else. The resolution relating to Mr. Tolman was adoptedunanimously, and enthusiastically responded to bythe meeting. The other resolutions were also adopted, and theSociety adjourned . .  FINGHAM L. CAPRON, President.  President. SAMUEL MAY, Jr., . AMUEL AY .  

 DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: EAR RIEND ARRISON Much time has clasped since I have communicatedto friends of humanity at the East, respecting nay laborsamong the refugees in Canada, and for the reason,that I choose rather 'to endure hardness' as asoldier of the cross, and suffer, if need be, than tomake a noise about my humble services. Incessantly occupied with labor and care, I amcompelled to be very brief. I am now passing throughmy fourteenth winter in the fugitive slave's asylum,and have had the pleasure of seeing them greatlyincreased in numbers and ameliorated in their condition.The present winter, thus far, has been remarkablymild and favorable to them as a people. Wehave in Dawn a mission school of forty or more scholars,taught by my wife and myself, who are generallymaking good proficiency; and a school of twentyscholars, are two miles from us, taught by Miss Huntington,from Northern Ohio. Two of the youngmen under my care were recently from the house ofbondage. One of these, who is largely imbued withChristian principle, and possessed of an easy, fulmanner as a speaker, would, I think, with butmoderate advantage of education, make a sterlinganti-slavery lecturer.  One of my wife's pupils, a young women of afine mind, so highly appreciates education, that sheis in the habit of walking daily seven miles to andfrom school, and is ranging a rich reward for herpains. Another, a young woman of fine appearancesand pleasing manners, but who is deaf and dumb, hasreceived instruction from her in useful and ornamentalneedle-work, and been materially benefited. Someof her specimens would excite the admiration of themost accomplished ladies in New England for theirelegance and beauty. Our Sabbeth Schools are well attended. We havealso a numerous and interesting Bible class. I ampreaching to the people in this section of Canadawhile and colored, an anti-slavery and anti-sectariangospel. I am doing the best I can to disseminateintelligences, promote peace, temperance, moral purity,industry, economy, &c., with cheering results. Ours is a laborious enterprise, which requires faithand patience more than we possess. We have butfew to sympathize with us in this country, or anywhere else. Our means of support are so uncertainand inadequate, that we shall doubtless quit the fieldseem from dire necessity. If as, we shall have witha clear conscience, praising God for what has beenaccomplished! and having borne an honorable testimonyor the cause of God and of crushed and down-troddenhumanity, we would cheerfully give place toothers, who may be more efficient and worthy, andcan sustain vitality at less expense. The manual Labor Institute here run well for aseason, and accomplished much good; but since myresignation, nearly three years ago, and the deceaseof James Cunnings Fuller, one of the Trustees, it hasrun down, and can hardly be resuscitated again withouta miracle. The property connected with it isdeeply encumbered, and avails nothing in aid of education.The steam saw mill is doing no good. It hasnot paid the cost since it commenced running, and hadbetter never been built. It is now out of repair anddoing nothing, and yet it is more profitable than whenrunning, unless in different hands, and under differentmanagement. You will please accept my sincere thanks for theuse of the Liberator, so long and so kindly sent me. Faithfully and truly yours,HIRAM WILSON. 

 CINCINNATI, Feb. 15, 1850. INCINNATI DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON Enclosed is a correspondence between Father Mathewand Father Sprats, in 1846. I see by the papersthat Father Mathew is enjoying the hospitality ofslaveholders and slave-breeders, and being waited onby slaves; and not one word does he speak condemnatoryof the wrongs that are done around him. Heis pledged to silence; he is fawning upon the man,and doing what in him lies to make thatwhich is evil seem good, and to give respectabilityto the most cruel and polluted of earth's oppressors.He is also saying to his countrymen. Identify yourselveswith the slaveholders, and sustain their sinkingcause.' Does he deserve the character of philanthropist?He being witness, he would rather thehuman race should all go down to a drunkard's grave,than to have them saved contrary to the wishes of thepriesthood. He would never speak another word fortemperance, were be forbidden to do so by the headof his order at Rome. Wick him, the priesthood isfirst, humanity afterwards. If you deem it expedientso publish the enclosed, do so. No matter what maybe a man's standing in society; no matter what hisreputation for sanctity of philanthropy; if he will lendthe sanction of his social influence to the support ofa system of such unutterable wrongs and woes asAmerican slavery, even by silence, the  he isforgotten among men, the better for the world. pledged  priesthood humanity  The resolutions of Henry Clay, and the doings ofCongress, are topics of daily and earnest debate here,and all about Ohio, in the papers, and in the domesticand social circle. The daily news from Washingtonis looked for with great eagerness and anxiety.That Compromiser! Was ever man's moral and socialnature so entirely prostrated, so nearly annihilated,as Henry Clay's? He as coolly talks of the enslavementof three million of men as he would ofkilling a wolf. A more utterly heartless man livesnot. A more cool, deliberate, calculating meanderupon Humanity cannot be found. The Union first,Man afterwards That Godless man! He wouldcrush million of human beings, and herd them withbrutes, to salve an institution; he would knock out aman's brains to salve his hat. And that man, whothat despised his brother whom he hath seen, is saidto be a devout lover and worshipper of God, whomhe hath not seen! He enslaves God in his childrenon earth, and them prostraten himself in adoration toGod in heaven. He would enth God in heaven;but slavery on earth. For we are assured by hisfriends, and by himself, that Henry Clay is a man ofprayer! Compromiser! Union   heaven; earth. Those resolutions meet with much favor in this region,among Whigs and Democrats. Their great objectis to establish the very doctrine for which theSouth contends;  that the Federal Governmenthas no power to prohibit slavery from going into newterritory, at least, that it ought not to forbid it. Andenough will be found among Northern members tocarry those resolutions, and probably to pass samelaw touching fugitive slaves. Let a law be passed tocompel the North to sect as bloodhounds for slave-holders.It is all that Webster &Co. are good for.Not a word yet from the 'godlike Daniel,' as he iscalled. But what will the people do? Thank God,the Constitution is a dead letter, or nearly so, as respectsfugitive slaves; and no act of Congress can putlife into it again. The people have made it dead,DEAD. 'Hallelujah!' say I. But how utterly meanand dishonest it is for men to join this Confederacy,swear to their slaveholding allies that they willnot throw impediments in the way of their recapturingthe fugitive, and then turn round, food and cloths,and help the slave on his way to freedom! I wondernot the slaveholder frets and storms over this; he hascause, for the frontiers of Virginia, Kentucky andMissouri are well nigh deserted, so far as slaves areconcerned.  dead nigh deserted I have been here, and at our friend, Thomas Donaldson's,in New Richmond, twenty miles up theriver, over four weeks, writing and painting. I shallget through in tow weeks more, than go to the easternpart of the State and lecture a few weeks, and inApril go east, to stand the anniversary in Boston.Then, if Parker Pillsbury will return with me, I intendto come back and spend the summer in Ohio andIndians. Cincinnati is a glorious city, in itself, and in it is trivalled for beauty of . The riverhas been 25 fast above low water mark. It sometimesgoes up to .     H.G. WRIGHT. ☞We are unable to find room, this week, for thecorrespondence between Father Mother and FatherSpratt, which our ever vigilant coadjutor has kindlyforwarded to us. It shall be given in our next number;and if the letter of Father Mathew should fail toconvince the friends of temperance in this countrythat his philanthropy is of the most superficial character,and destitute of principle, then it will be solelybecause they are given over to incurable idolatry.]—ED. LIB. D. IB. 

 BLACKLEY, near Philadelphia,2d mo., 5th. 1860. LACKLEY R FRIEND, WM. LLOYD GA!   RIEND M. LOYD A  Looking through some of my exchange papers today,I noticed an article in the Anti-Slavery Bugle,under the title 'Expurgation of Books,' The fastsstated are no, of course, new to thee, but I enclosethe slip containing them. Abolitionists are well acquaintedwith the dis manifested by slaveholderstowards any thing which conflicts with their sentimentsand interests, and we are accustomed to condemnthe dough-furism that  books, poems,&, to suit them.  dough-furism  Pursuing my task, I took up the Liberator, and castingmy eye over the report of the proceedings of theSyracuse Convention copied from the Syracuse Journal,which I had previously seen, I was disappointed,astonished, pained, at finding an 'expurgation' of anincident—the introduction to the meeting of HenryB. Marshall, together with his remarks upon the dutyof anti-slavery men to refuse the purchase of cotton,sugar, &, from slaveholders. This men doubtlessfelt that for fourteen years he had been robbed of theproducts of his labor, and he was taught by his unsophisticatedsense of right, that the purchasers ofthese products are partakers in the wrong committedby the oppressor. I think great weigh is to be attachedto the feelings and testimony of such a man.I have known other cases of a smaller character:Wm. W. Brown is one of them. The first time I sawhim was at a large anti-slavery meeting in this State.I offered a resolution affirming the duty of abolitioniststo refuse to purchase or use the fruits of the cruelsystem which they were seeking to overthrow. Aftertwo or three had spoken, Brown roes, and, as I wasentirely ignorant of his sentiments on the subject, Ifelt some anxiety; but he soon relieved and delightedme, declaring that while he was in the condition of aslave, and when he began to reflect upon the characterand nature of slavery, one of the first impressionson his mind was the wrongfulness of purchasing and usingthe products of slave labor! sense one of the first impressionson his mind was the wrongfulness of purchasing and usingthe products of slave labor! Such,  has been the conviction in the minds ofthousands, during their early, fresh, pure anti-slaveryMr. Bush was the early conviction of WM. LLOYDGARRMON! and the writer of this has long believed,that if this champion of freedom had continued, ashe began, to earnestly and powerfully advocate thediscuss of slave products, in connection with otheranti-slavery duties, the downfall of slavery would atthis moment be nearer than it is. O! that his eyeswere opened to see, as they come now, that slavery isnot  merely by the political and union of the North with the South, but that the commercialunion, which at once gives and satisfies themotive for slaveholding, largely contributes o sustainwho system, and should be dissolved by every one whowould not strike hands with the oppressor. Is it notplain to him, that slavery in Cuba and Brazil is sustainedmainly, if not exclusively, by a commercial unionbetween these countries and others, including theUnited States!  M. LOYD ARRMON   commercialunion dissolved commercial union With sentiments of great , I am,  Very truly, thy friend,SAMUEL RHOADS. P.O.M. sentiments would back go 'onward, handto hand and heart to heart, 'in realizing themselves,and passing home upon the people in the free States,their  in sustaining slaveryby purchasing and using the productions, it will nothave to be said, after another twenty years preservingeffort, that 'there was not one single village inthe country, however small its population, that was imbued with the anti-slavery  whatthere was not an anti-slavery pulpit or church that a ; and than the leaders in and State are  with the oppressor.'—SeeProceedings of  A.S. Society.        See   For a  this  of our  editorial department.       

 DEAR FRIEND GARRISON:— EAR RIEND ARRISON Last evening I had a meeting, at Bridgewater,much more alarming to tyrants, and hopeful to theslaves, then I have over  in that place. It is oneof the most forbidding to was in New England;wealthy, , conservative; in high schools, in churches and clergyman above ure,in corporations numerous, and having much ofits wealth, by the craft of cotton-gin manufacturingfor the blood-bedswed plantations in the Co,and on the Mississippi.      But there were, last evening, many assurances of anow and better dispensation, already dawning. Themeeting was well attended, and by the right class ofpeople, too. I spoke until a late hour, and was heardwith marked attention. My subject was, the reasonsand results of the American Union, and the positionof Massachusetts, chained to it, as a watch-dog to awagan, and not as a sovereign, equal member of it. One men subscribed for the Liberator, and theyraised two dollars for the use of the Town Hall, andfive dollars for the treasury of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society; and better yet, I was stronglyurged to make the town another call, at my opportunity—and that, too, by persons who never must love for me or my doctrines before.So 'shall the last no free; and the first last.'   Truly and ternally yours,  PARKER PILLSBURG. February 19, .  

  Feb. 18, 1860.  DEAR FRIEND G: EAR RIEND   It is well known by many of the  of thisLiberator, that circumstances of unusual have casual my  to be freely  in with the anti-slavery outerprice, in by gone but of into, circumstances have prevented me from ingmuch before the public. The  of myselfand fully has compelled me to  with them alarge part of the time for the last two years—butwithout any abat, however, of sympathy for theslave or the anti-slavery cause.           Though others who have been warmly  in the cause, have  to dual, or effectto find, an ensure the their  or (and there are many to justify themselves,) I cannotdo as. At every opportunity, I endeavor to cast inmy mite to help swell, if possible, the public indignationagainst the crime of crimes. Consequently,after making the best arrangements which my knowledgeand power, I last my home in Plymouth, aboutthe middle of December, to work in a new field inbehalf of the down-trodden,  victims ofAmerican inhumanity and barbarity.       After being provided with a small  ofanti-slavery and other refr books and a horse toconvey myself and them, I spent about these weeksin Massachusetts (mostly in Wecounty) thenpassed into the south west part of New Hampshire,spent about two weeks there, had some very goodmeetings in several towns; I than creased the Convectionalriver at Win, into the State of Vermont,and have been in this State about three weeks holdingsome fifteen or more meetings in towns betweenWindoor and M. These are two hard placesfor the introduction or advancement of , anti-slavery,or kindred reforms. At the letter place isthe State law manufacturing establishment, under thesense of State House. At the former place in a largeman-killing establishment, for active operation, furnishingguns to curtain the manufactured laws. TheState ballot-box has no pretestive power but thoughthe ;  their mutual connection andinfluence are to enforce man to be subject to law, insteadof law being subject to man—making law theminister of death, not of life. It  no powerto give life, but only to destroy it.          I have had the pleasured of meeting a goodly numberof right feeling friends of the slave and of universalfr, but the people generally are tied sostrongly to their party or sect, that they do not feelfree enough to take a bold stand on the platform ofequal rights and justice, allowing every systems andprinciple to stand on its own merits.  The Whigs are very sensitive of their modern Whiggory.It is evident they feel the want of more commonsympathy. When their great apostle of promise, 'Harry of the West,' and their blood-stainedhere of the White House, are referred to in theirwell-merited positions as above, they manifest quitea feeling about their feet and legs, which convey theirhearing apparatus beyond the sound of unwelcometruths.  So far as my observation extends, I am induced tothink as favorably of the people , as in any othersection of the globe I have ever soon, and my observationhas been quite extensive, both in and out of theUnited States. Nowhere have I witnessed so littleappearance of poverty as in this State. As I passthrough the country, I see in all directions good farmsand buildings, burns indicating abundant productions,drown from the soil by the hand of industry and enterprise.Notwithstanding Mr. Clingman, of NorthCarolina, has told their representatives in Washington,that the people of the North would not compare withthe Southern slave population. I think the Vermontcould if they would only think so,  themselveswithout being controlled, as they have beenheretofore, by the lords of the whip. I have beenmuch among slaveholders, but have never seen their plantations, or so many indications of comfortand intelligence, as do these of the working people ofthis region.     I  persuaded that many good and true friendscould be brought to give their active support to thecause, if they possessed more knowledge of the abominationsof slavery, and better understood the realprinciples of anti-slavery. There is quite a sprinklingof third party here, but it is a party with butlittle political or moral strength. At most places Ihave visited, great anxiety is manifested to see andhear the man who has caused so much discussion allover the country. Notwithstanding you are representedby the parties and costs as being covered allever with horns, large numbers would gladly comeforth to give you a candid hearing, and the subject acareful investigation.  JONATHAN WALKER 

 EDITOR GARRISON: DITOR ARRISON Having inserted an article from me, with and editorialfrom the Providence Journal, in your last paper,dated Feb. 8, I again propose to give you some accountof the proceedings of the Rhode Island Legislature.The readers of the article referred to abovewill recollect I expressed an opinion, that no actionwould be had in the Legislature on the subject of slavery.I was informed that a certain member had saidhe would present such resolutions, if furnished him.A set were sent him, similar to those before theMassachusetts Legislature, declaring in the preamblethat slavery was a 'ime against humanity and a sinagainst God.' They were not presumed, becauseother resolutions were presented before he got them,by Barbour, of Honkinton. These resolutions werereferred to a committee, who reported them,—andhave they are,—and passed, after striking out the latterclause of the last can, viz—to 'send a copy to theGovernment of each of the States.'  Barbour Resolved, That the Congress of the United States,having exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Columbia,and over the Territories belonging to thisRepublic, ought at once to adopt measures for theabolition of slavery and the slave traffic in said District,and within all Territories and places within itsjurisdiction: and to prohibit its introduction into anyTerritory now free—the honor and interest of theSouth alike demanding such legislation. Resolved, That our Senators and Representativesin Congress be requested to resist, by all and everyconstitutional means, the extension of Slavery, inany manner, whether by the annexation of territorynow free to the slaveholding State of Texas; by theorganization of governments for any territory alreadyacquired or hereafter to be acquired, without an expressprohibition of Slavery in the act of such organization:or by the admission to the Union of anynew State without a direct prohibition of Slavery, inthe Constitution of such State, or in the act of Congressproviding such admission. Resolved Resolved, That the present crisis demands theco-operation of every patriot and every good citizen,to resist and repel that treasonable spirit which threatensor aims at the dissolution of the bonds whichunite the States of this Republic, such purposes beingalike visionary and mischievous. Resolved Resolved, That the Governor be requested to furnisha copy of these Resolutions to each of our Senatorsand Representatives in Congress. Resolved It was moved that the Resolutions be laid on thetable, and the eyes and noes called for: 18 voted inthe affirmative, and 41 in the negative. AYES—Messrs. George B. Aldrich, Samuel Ames,Robert Angell, Alfred Bosworth, Christopher Brown,Borden Chase, Henry Y. Cranston, James Eldred,Charles Fales, Benjamin Finch, Samuel H. Hopkins,William A. Howard, Allen C. Mathewsen, ChristopherG. Perry, Wm. P. Shefield, Jesse S. Tourtellet,Thomas G. Torner, Joseph B. Weaver.—18. YES NOES—Messrs. George Aldrich, Henry Anthony,Joseph Anthony, Olney Arnold, Simeon Babcock, J.M. Barber, Tilmerick Barnes, Tully D. Bowen, FennerBrown, G.H. Browne, Thomas Buffum, ThomasDavis, John Fenner, Amon Fiske, Joseph Gavitt,Henry Geoding, Jabez Gorham, Samuel Gould, RobertGray, Issac Green, David S. Harris, Robert Harris,Edward H. Hazard, John Holden, S. Hutchins,Benedict Lapham, Jas. Pollard, Nathan Porter, Geo.S. Rathbone, John G. Reynolds, Mowry Ross, AlbertSanford, Issac Saunders, Israel Sayles, W. Sheldon,Joseph S. Sisson Pardon Spencer, Samuel Steere,Wilkins Updike, H.C. Wardwall, Elisha Watson.—41. OES From parents who were present, I learn that SamuelAmen, a lawyer o this city, Henry Y. Cranston,a lawyer of Newport, and Anson Bosworth, a lawyeralso, of Bristol, opposed their being passed; the firsttwo in not speeches. These men are leading Whigsin the State Legislature. Cranston was formerly memberof Congress, one term. Thomas Davis inflicted agood speech upon the dough-faces. A motion wasmade by Amen to lay them on the table—Ayes 18,Naye 41. If carried, this vote would have been arejection of them. The vote was then taken withouta call of the House, and they were passed, and sentto the Senate Tuesday afternoon 12th. They werereferred to a Select Committee, of which Elisha R.Robtes, the Rhode Island political magician, waschairman, who reported an entire new act, as follows:— Mr.E.R. Potter, from the Select Committee, towhom had been referred resolutions from the Houseon the subject of slavery, reported, recommendingto strike out all after the word Resolved, and to substitute. Resolved That the people of this State retain with unchangeablefidelity that attachment to the principlesof freedom which had distinguished their whole history—that having long since abolished slavery withintheir own borders, they look with gratificationand hope to the time when it shall be abolished in theStates of our own confederacy, and throughout theworld. Resolved, That the General Assembly having oftenheretofore expressed its opinion on the subject ofslavery, have full confidence that our Senators andRepresentatives will use all honorable means to carryinto effect the wishes of the people of this State,by aiding to abolish slavery and the slave trade in allplaces within the jurisdiction of Congress, and byusing their influence to prevents its extension to territoriesnow free. Resolved, That we welcome into the confederacythe new State which has just been formed upon thewestern confines of our republic, and that in ouropinion any attempt to exclude her from the Union,because she has of her own free will prohibited slavery,will be a violation of the true spirit of the Constitutionwhich leaves the subject of slavery in everyState to the exclusive control of the people thereof. Resolved, That we believe the preservation of theUnion of these States to be important, not only to thehappiness, honor and interest of our own country,but to the progress of the principles of republicangovernments throughout the world; and that it is theduty of every patriot and philanthropist to contributeto its preservation by all means not involving asacrifice of honor or principle, or a violation of ournational Constitution. Resolved, That all question which threaten theharmony of our Confederacy should be approachedwith a spirit of mutual forbearance, and with the considerationthat the preservation of our Union is ofparamount importance to all temporary or local interests. Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor berequested to cause copies of these resolutions to becommunicated to our Senators and Representativesin Congress. Mr. Potter said, that the object of the Committeein offering this substitute was, that while we expressour opinions firmly, we should, at the same time,do it in a spirit of conciliation, which he believedthe present crisis demanded. On motion of Mr. Bradford, the last resolution wasso amended as to send copies to the Governors ofthe several States. The substitute of the Committeewas then unanimously adopted, and the Senate concurredwith the House in the resolutions as amended On Saturday morning, 10th, the House adopted theresolutions of the Senate entire, and without debate,and at noon both House adjourned. I conversedwith a member about the proceedings, who remarkedthat it was a 'cowardly business,' but they were onthe eve of the adjournment, and could do nothingbetter. I am informed that all but four, who votedto lay the resolutions on the table in the Housewere Whigs, and there is a large majority of them inboth Houses. I have but a few words more. TheProvidence Journal, the Governor of the State its editor,has not published a word of the debate on theresolutions before the House; while every matter ofthe most trivial character besides, that has causedany difference of opinion between the members, hasbeen spread out in its columns, with the names ofevery one of the speakers. Here is another phase ofdough-!! The Governor did not went thepeople to see his 'only party for freedom' in such apickle; but it was a free-late trick, any few, and Ifear there is not  enough to express it as itshould be done in this State.Providence, Feb. 18. A. NON JUNIOR. House four another   ☞She of   

 FFRIEND GARRISON: FRIEND ARRISON It is so seldom that the anti-slavery laborer receivesany aid and countenance from clergymen, that whensuch an instance occurs, it is worthy of record. After the Unitarian vestry, at Harrison Square, wasrefused for a meeting, last Tuesday, I went to MiltonRailway Village, by appointment, to hold a meetingon Wednesday evening. Rev. S.R. Kimball, theChristian minister, offered his own church for our use,gave extensive notion of the meeting, and transferredto another time a meeting which he was to hold on that evening. A large audience collected.Mr. Kimball opened the meeting with prayer, andthe chair, at his suggestion,  the —    'All men are equal born,' and also, an appropriate 'Voluntary,' while the collectionwas being taken. The next day, Mr. Kimballaccompanied me to South Braintree, and aided mein scouring a hall in that pro-slavery town, where Iwas told by one of the citizens, who was an at Dr. Storrs's church, that 'slavery was best forthe niggers; they couldn't take care of themselves,and that he doubted whether God ever made them.'He said that 'Cain had a mark set on him, and wentto the land of Nod, and took a wife, which mighthave been a bear, or a baboon,' and he thought theblanks descended from them. Such is the pro-slaverygrowth, under the preaching of Dr. Storrs. Whenother clergyman will aid, as does Mr. Kimball, in diffusinganti-slavery truth, the slave's jubilee will behastened.  Week before last, I hold a meeting in Townsend.Rev. S.S. Smith, an agent of the Bible Society, formerlyan editor of the 'Massachusetts Abolitionist,'was preaching in the town the Sunday previous. Hewas requested to give notice of my meeting, and replied,'I wouldn't give such a notice in my pulpitWhat do your demons say about it?' The friend who gave him the notice was not in the of consulting the , and of course couldnot tell what they would say. Mr. Smith took theresponsibility said that I was a come-outer, and thathe should not read the notion. His congregation, acceptsuch as were notified by handbills, remained ignorantof the meeting; and they were probably ignorant of the fast, that the Society whose agentMr. Smith is disclaims all obligation to give the Bibleto the millions of heathen in our own country. Commenceis unnecessary.    LUCY STONE. .—A slave, belonging to Dr. Win,of  country, Va., was seized on Sundayby two laborers on the Denville Railroad, andthrown of the  of  a heightof twenty two feet, and no  that hewas not expected to . All  the have . .           

 The British mail steamer America, Capt. Harrison,arrived at Boston on Monday forenoon. From Great Britain we have no political news ofdeep concern. The new navigation laws are said tobe working advantageously to the shipping interest.The ministry have announced their determination toadminister colonial affairs on the principles of freetrade. Since the arriving of the last streamer, Parliament ,the Queen's speech been delivered, and in somedegree the main features of the proposed policy of Ministershave been developed. Both Houses of Parliamentwere opened by proxy on the 31st ult, whenthe speech from the throne was delivered by the LordChancellor.  The Canada steamship arrived at Liverpool veryearly on the morning of the 4th inst., having madethe passage from New York and Halifax in 11 1-2days. She was to return to New York on the 23d. One of the most astounding projects of the age,throwing the American prospectus for a sub-marinetelegraph from New York to the tale of Wight intothe childe, has just been announced in London, viz.:the formation of a railway from Catholic to Mention, inthe north west of Hindustan, a distance of 3200 miles.The cost it estimated at £38,000,000. railway from Catholic to Mention The neighborhood of Liverpool was visited, duringWednesday, Thursday and Friday, with the most severestorm encountered since 1. The laws of theJ.P. Whitney, of New York, is reported to have concurredin the gale.  Another expedition in search of Sir John Franklinhas been resolved upon. The intelligence from Iceland is more heart-sendingthan ever. Cultivation seems stagnant, and trade ismore depressed than it was in the first of her sufferings.The tide of emigration to the United States hasrecommended, but unfortunately for great numbers ofthe people, this means is not now left those to escapefrom local tyranny and destitution. PARM. Tuesday morning, Feb. 7th—Yesterday evening,Paris was in a state of great agitation; crowdsassembled in the neighborhood of the Porte Saint Martin,to prevent the police from cutting down a treeof liberty still standing there. A collision tool place,in which an officer was severely wounded, and oneor two persons de ville hurt. ARM. General de Lamoriciere, who happened to be passingin a carriage, was forced to dismount and to cry,'Vive la Republique!' After being jostled a gooddeal, he found shelter in a house, fro which he escapedby a back window, and reached the Assemblywithout his hat. Large bodies of troops were on hot in different partsof the city, and strong patrols cleared the Boulevards,where the crowd was greatest. About 60 personswere arrested towards 11 o'clock, and the Boulevardsbecame gradually less crowded; by midnightall was quiet. The troops remained under arms allnight. The papers assume the government of formattingthe disturbance, as a pretext to put Paris in a state ofridge previous to the approaching election. A credit has been demanded by the Minister forfinishing the tomb of Napoleon. On Monday week,the motion for dissolving the Garde Mobile was reada first time. Passports have been officially abolished. Luggagewill be searched by the officers of excise of thevarious railway stations in Paris. The salary of thePresident is expected to be increased. The speech of Victor Hugo on public instructionhas been mixed at Lyons by the General commanding,in virtue of the state of siege. Amounts from the Dardanelles state that the Circassianshave gained great advantages over the Russianson the Asia, the Russians having been compelledto retreat with great loss. African from Athens to the 16th and 19th January,inclusive, state that a serious rupture between theEnglish and Greek authorities had taken place, andthat a total suspension of relations between the twogovernments had ensued. The escape of Madams Kth, and the shot ofher having joined her exiled husband, are confirmed.   is said to be reducing her excrement in theDbion principalities, but for this statement wehave only Russian authority.   

 From an excellent work recently  as, Ohio,  'T, byRev. A D.'        gives  for  ofthe sword.  gives  for  ofthe sword.    Then we may see it. But before  ourhand to the , but us  our commission,last while the 'pound of flesh' is granted,we find ourselves forbidden to take 'one drop ofblood.'    A  for the right interpretation of the Chapter. A  for the right interpretation of the Chapter.  And first, we need a stand point from which wecan 'take our preaching. This we have in thecenter.—'Let love be without dissimulationAbhor that which is evil: clave to that which isgood.' 'Dearly Beloved, avenge not yourselves,but rather give place unto wrath; for it is written,Avenging is mine, I will repay, saith the Lord,Therefore, if thine enemy hunger, food , and ifhe thirst, give him drink, for in so doing, then shaltheap coals of fire upon his head. Be not overcomeof evil, but overcome evil with good. Let everysoul be subject to the higher powers,' &  The apostle is urging the duty of non-resistanceto do evil, repeating the injunction of our blessed Lordto good to our enemies and submit patiently to wrongdoing, leaving our cause in the hands of God. Therecan be no doubt that this is the doctrine of the 12thchapter, and its separation from the 13th is one ofthe unfortunate arrangements of the chapter makers.Evidently it is not Paul's arrangement. The subjectis one. 'Avenge not yourselves'—'Overcomeevil with good'—'Let every soul be subject,' & But we are elevated still higher on our observatory,if we mark the circumstances under which Paulwrote; He was writing to the Christians at Rome.They of course would understand his instructions asapplying to them under the circumstances in whichthey were placed. They were at that time smartingunder the task of tyrannical power, and were keenlyalive to the injustice of being compelled to pay taxesto the very government which was crushing them.The passage must be so construed as to meet theircase. Hence, in chapter 12, he lays down great fundamentalprinciples, thereby greatly to prepare theway for the humbling, unwelcome truth he presentsin chapter 13. This is the pivot on which the interpretationof the passage turns. Let it be kept constantlyin mind. The apostle is simply touchingChristian subjection. See Barner's Notes on thischapter. The objector insists that in this chapter we arecaught to obey and support government,—governmentssustained by the sword,—but the constructionnecessary to give this idea is open to the followingobjections: 1. It assures that submission is synonymous withobedience. The words, though sometimes synonymousare not usually or necessarily so. Accordingto Webster, 'Submission is the act of yielding topower or authority. Surrender of the person and powerto the control or government of another.' Obedienceis 'compliance with a command.' And wheneverour duties to civil rulers are spoken of, theterm 'submit,' or 'be subject,' is used in every casebut one. That is Titus iii. I. Here the termtransited 'obey magistrates' in 'picharbein,' whichis 'to yield submission to authority.' Neither theword 'magistrates' nor 'obey' is necessarily includedin the original. yielding topower compliance with a command. picharbein 2. Using the term 'be subject,' as synonymouswith 'obey,' exceptions must be made such as neitherthe text nor scripture in general admits. 'Submityourselves to every ordinance of man for theLord's sake.' I. Peter, ii. 13. Ye Barnes says,there were cases in which it was right to resist thelaws, [!!] * * when the laws interfered with therights of conscience, when they commanded theworship of idols, or any moral wrong, then it, wastheir duty to refuse submission. [!!] * * We arenot to infer that it is our duty  to rebuilt tothem. Their requirements may be opposed to thelaws of God, and then we are to obey God rather thanman;—[confounding submit with obey.] right to resist  to rebuilt  Again he thus explains 'whosoever resiseth':—'They * * who oppose the regular execution of thelaws. It is implied, however, that those laws shallnot be such as to  the rights of conscience, oroppose the laws of God.'  Once more: In explaining the phrase, 'resisteth theordinance of God.' he adds, 'If the government isestablished, and if its decisions are not a manifestviolation of the laws of God, we are to submit tothem.' And then on the clause, 'for  are aterror,' &, he says, 'The apostle here speaks ofrulers in general. It may not be universally true thatthey are not a terror to good works, for many of themhave persecuted the good.' If if  universally Thus on almost every point, an if, a but, an exception,or denial under certain circumstances, is necessarywith his construction, and so the requiredsubmission is virtually frittered away. The circumstancesof the Christians at Rome brought them underthe exceptions to the rule. Many of the Romanlaws did 'violate the rights of conscience, andoppose the laws of God.' Their 'decisions' in referenceto Christians were generally 'a manifest violationof the laws of God'—so that indeed Paul is madeto teach rebellion under cover of submission! Wasthis his design? Yea, more; as resisting governmentis resisting God, Paul is thus made to touchrebellion against God, and to do it, too, in the faceof threatened damnation! Can this construction bethe right one? if but exception a manifest violationof the laws of God The Text. Let us now take each phrase separately, and interpretit in the light of the context and parallel passages,and thus have the Bible explain itself. We have seen from the context that he apostlewas speaking of submission. The same subject iscontinued Let every soul be subject to the higherpowers. No exceptions. Submit yourselves to every ordinance of mainfor the Lord's sake. 'Likewise ye younger, submityourselves to the older; yea, all of you be subject to another. I. Peter, ii. 'Servants, be subject toyour own masters, not only to the good and gentle,but also to the forward.' 'I say unto you that ye resistnot evil.' We are here taught, not the use ofthe sword, but simply submission to its use—butsubmission to authority or power does not necessarilyimply the rightfulness of the authority, any morethan submission to the blow implies the rightfulnessto ; and yet the Savior says, 'If a man smitethee on the right check, turn to him the other .'He also says, the subject, & Submission without is one thing— quite anotherthings. be subject       Reason for Submission. 'Let every soul be subject to the higher powers,''for there is no power but of God.' 'If thou the oppression of the poor, and violent parentingof judgment and justice in a province,  not atthe matter, for He that is higher than the highest negardeth.'Eccl., v. S. 'He will cause the wrath ofman to praise him, and the remainder of wrath willbe restrain.' Hence, when Pi said to Jesus,'Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify then,and have power to release thee?' Jesus answered,'Thou couldst have no power against me except itwere given thee from above.' John xix. 10, 11. So'spoke the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Benot afraid, but speak, and be not silent, because Iam with thee, and no one shall impose upon thee tohurt .' Acts xix. 9, 10. So Christ said to hisdisciples, 'Nothing shall by any means hurt, you.'Luke x. 19.     C of Daniel.  'O Daniel garment of the living God, in thy God,whom thou servant continually able to deliverthee from the lions? * * * My God hath sent hisangel, and hath shut the lions months that, they havenot hurt me, forasmuch as before Him innocency wasfound in me, and also before thee, O king, have I doneno hurt. * * * So Daniel was taken up out ofthe den, and no manner of hurt was found uponhim, because he believed in his God.' Daniel vi.20-23. There is no power to injure, except permittedof God. Case of Sha,  and .    'And who is that God who shall deliver you out ofmy hands?' said the proud Nebuchad toShadruch, Messiah and Abednego, who 'answeredto the king—O Nebuchandne, we are not carefulto answer thee in this matter. If it is best, our Godwhom we curve in able to deliver us from theburning fiery furnace, and He will deliver us out ofthine hand, O king, But, if not, be it known to thee, O king, that we will not sever thy gods, nor worshipthe golden image which thou hast set up.' The non- are indeed thrown into the'burning fiery  which is made no bet that by its  butupon them 'the fire had no power, nor was a hair of were ,nor the small of fire had passed on  Whose spoke, and said,  be the Godof , , and Abed, who hath his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted inHim and have changed the king's word and yieldedtheir bodies that they might not serve or worship anygod, except their own God. * * There is noother god that can deliver after this cost.' SeeDaniel .                  Here is submission, but not  and why they submit is, because they are consciousthere is no power but of God.   [To be continued.] To be continued. 

 ☞Henry Toskins, aged about 20 years, has beencommitted to jail for an attempt to murder his threesisters in Townsmen, Ohio. They resided in a housetogether, and upon returning home on Friday evening,Henry, without provocation, attacked them withand axe. One escaped to her father's house, aboutfifty rods off; the other two sisters and the brotherwere found weltering in blood. He had knockedthem down and fractured their skulls with the axe,and them out his thrust. There was seriously a hopeof the girls surviving though the monster's ownwound was not fatal. sisters Cold Avenue the Intimate.—The P Star saysthe amount of gold  the Isthmus,from P, from the first of Octopus last to thebeginning of the present year, was $8,461,345. Cold Avenue the Intimate.    What Next!—Grissly  weighing 1000 poundshave been killed in California, and one recently saidfor $1,500. What Next!  California Gold.—The value of the total amount ofCalifornia gold received at Philadelphia, is abouteight millions of dollars. Of that brought by thethree last , but into and a half million havebeen received on the . California Gold.   A C Foot.—Two hundred tone of have been said in Provisions, R.P., held on a over since the less was with Great Britain—aperiod of 25 years. A C Foot.    —The physicians at RepublicSenate county, Ohio, lately  to Cincinnati vaseing matter in consequence of the small pox beingat the former close; but, and to tell the vaccinationsproduced . Itwas appertained that the vaccine matter was obtainedfrom person in Cincinnati who had the corrugates.      A California .—A California better writher  a  had got  living in the woodsshall be weighed  pounds, when he was  did shall be  of . A California .           Death of General Marshall.— A telegraphic repeats from on  of afternoon, and  thedeath of Con. 10th of March  you of the  ofBoston, by congestion of the lungs. Gen. McNeil hadlong been afflicted by rheumatic disorder, but hehad partially received, when a shot time , heleft this city for Washington; and his decease tookhis friends by surprise. He was native of NewHampshire, and married a daughter of the late Gov.Pierce of that State. He was an officer of the UnitedStates army in the war of 1812 and participated inthe severe battle at Lundy's Lane, where he receiveda waned which troubled him during his after life. Death of General Marshall.       Extra Proceedings in the New York Legislature.—OnWednesday, in the New York House of Assembly,while Mr. Burroughs, a 'Barnburner,' was speakingupon the anti-slavery resultants, Mr. Sey, ofDutchton Country, 'Hunker,' twice gave him the liedirect. The first times, the words were uttered in alow tone by the Dutchton men, but upon their beingrepeated in a leader tone, Mr. Burroughs seized atumbler from his desk, and throw it wit all force usMr. Storey's head, which it missed, but struck hisshoulder. Mr. Storey showed fight, at once, but wasseized by a strong flated iron-worker from Eex,County, who held him until his  evaper ,when be and his opponent apologized to the House,and the House excused both of them. Extra Proceedings in the New York Legislature.     Fetal Explosion.—The boiler in the extensive wagesand plough factory of H.A. Wiltbeck, of Chicago,exploded on the 16th inst., killing Mr. Lunar, the engineer,and seriously injuring four others, amongwhom was Mr. Wiltbeck. A portion of the walls ofthe building was demolished by the force of the explosion—which was caused by the pumping of coldwater into the boiler when hot. Fetal Explosion. Railroad Accident.—Mr. George Willard, of Keens,N.H., a brakemen on the freight truly for the CireRailroad, in shocking the earn, on Saturday afternoonlast, was thrown down, and one wheel passedover his log, crushing it so badly that it had to beantiquated the come afternoon, just below the kneejoint. Railroad Accident.  The 'Firebrand' Rejected.—A series of Free Soilresolutions was rejected by the Convenient Loco FocoConvention, by a vise of 100 to 47. An attempt tore-affirm the resolutions passed by the last Legislature,was opposed by and equally decisive vote, 151 to 37. The 'Firebrand' Rejected. Attempt to commit Suicide.—On Sunday night oflast week. Hon. Gayton P. Ongood, of Andover, formerlyMember of Congress from this District, attemptedto commit suicide by cutting his throat witha p, but was prevented from accomplishinghis design. Mr. Ongood, is .—Lowell Americans. Attempt to commit Suicide.   Lowell Americans. ☞Judge Jay has presented to the Peace Societythe copyright of his terly Review of the MexicanWar.  ☞The Governor and Geunelll have commuted toimprisonment for life the sentence of death pronouncedby the court upon Wm. R. Xnowiten, convictedof the murder of Prudence S. Arnold, at Worcester. ☞A young lady was robbed in a New York omnibusof $140, with which she was about to purchaseher wedding garments. Washington Monument.—The Council of the Chicktribe of Indians have appreciated $200 towardsthe creation of the National Monument to Washington,in testimony of their love for 'their great father.' Washington Monument.  ☞One hundred and twelve steamboats wereblown up on the western wilters during the year 1849,of which eighty three were totally loss. The loss oflife is estimated at 200, and that of property at $2,000,000. Fetal Accident.—Mr. Jonkins, conductor of theHoustanio freight our, when near the PittsfieldBranch, coming down to the city on the 30th utl., fulloff, and the earn passed over him, killing him instantly. Fetal Accident. ☞Twenty pounds of calomel were sold in Californiafor the round sum of $20,000.  Brunner.—This distinguished writer, theeditor of the Nonpareil is informed, by an acquaintanceof hers, will visit Cincinnati in the course of afew weeks. She has many countrymen and countrywomenhere, who will give her a warm welcome—but by none a warmer one than she will most here,among the admirers of her writings, of a nativegrowth.—Cincinnati Gazette.  Brunner.  Cincinnati Gazette. Gunpowder Explosion.—As a place called the Summit,Cambria county, Pa., on the 17th ultimo, aboutdaylight, a dozen kegs of powder exploded in a twoand a half story house, which was blown to atoms,immediately killing the wife of Mr. Adams, who wasin bed at the time of the explosion, with and infantchild in her arms; neither the child nor the husbandwere seriously injured, but the latter is apparentlydiseased by the concussion, and unconscious of theextent of his calamity. Two others were so badly injuredthat their recovery it doubted very much. Gunpowder Explosion. Garrit Smith's Demotion.—The committee who wereappointed to select the recipients of the bounty of GarritSmith, in the city and country of New - York, havecompleted their task and made their report. Theyhave selected 7  females from the industrious, landlessand temperate population of New - York, and giventhem each $50 in cash. They have also selected 75males from the same class, and given them such a farmin Franklin county, and $10 in money. It to said thatthe, whole amount then generously and judiciouslygiven away will not fall short of $50,000. — N.Y. Eus.Past. Garrit Smith's Demotion.  ☞In the Legislature of Massachusetts, the Senatehave rejected the House bill to prohibit railroadsfrom running cars on the Sabbath. Another Strike.— The laborers on the Channal in HerkimerCountry, near Utica, are on a strike, and committingthe most gross outrages. The Utica Observerof Thursday, states that about 400 of them broke on the day previous, and attacked the born of Mr.Vandebogart, one of the contractors, five miles fromUtica, which they burned to the ground. Ten valuablehorses were consumed alive—loss $3000—prosecutionof the work on five miles of the camel to entirelysuspended. Arrests were about to be made. Another Strike.  Florida Indians.—Hilly Bowlegs and his party haveagreed to emigrate from Florida as soon as they collecttheir people, on the government terms, viz:—Each warner to receive, before he goes, $500, eachwoman and child $100; Bowlegs about $10,000, andthe sub-chiefs $5000 each. Also to be guarantiedone year's rations on arriving in Arkansas. Thewhole expense will be upwards of $200,000. Florida Indians. Longevity.—A colored man died near Port Tobacco,Md., on the 5th ult. who was nearly 106 years of ageHe was present at servant of the battles of the Revolution,and witnessed the surrender of  atYorktown. Longevity.  Cuba.—A letter from Havens,  9th instantstates that image reinforcements of troops were constantlyarriving from . Two young had been arrested on a charge of elrenlating the proclamationsof Gen. Lopes. The slave trade had to revive. Cuba.     Female Doctors.—Two Young ladies, whose namesare given as Miss Almira Franich, and Miss Mary Wardhave become regular students in the Medical Departmentof the Memphis Institute. Female Doctors. 'Another Camphene Horror.—'A daughter of Rufus S.King, 770 Greenwise street, New York, was deadfullyburnt on Saturday night. She called on a lady,whom she found cleaning her gloves with camphene,and rubbing her own gloves with the liquid, went tothe fire to dry them. Her clothes instantly took fire,when she throw her arms around the lady, and theyfall upon the floor. A servant girl had the presenceof mind to roll the carpet around Miss King, by whichher life was saved, though her hands will never beexpoble or . 'Another Camphene Horror.  Melancholy Accident.— A neatly dressed and interestinglooking young lady was passing up Poyurstreet yesterday, at about one o'clock, and arrived atthe  of Raven to street just as the Lafayette eachwere coming down. While crossing the track, theheaven and the lady came in contact—she fall—thehorse passed on—and the ear-wheels railed over thelady, liberally  her head to a jellsy. Thiswas but the work of a moment—a terrible eventfulmoment to the fair unknown—a moment which changeda young, sprightly, and hopeful female to a and mangled corpes! The body was kept till sixo'clock last evening by the , if possible to learnby it some traces of the history or name of the deadone, and then the jury returned in verdict of 'accidentaldeath,' and the , unknown, was buriedaway to that lowly coming place whose 'twomoney that and the wicked  from .'—New Crispers Dallas, . Melancholy Accident.          Few Christian  to Death The (M.R.) Glanner contains an  of the becomingof the house of Mr. George Dryedale, at Big Treedie, on the night of the 23d ult., when the  can,26 years of age a daughter a  a and a and a good-daughter 2 years when all  todeath. Few Christian  to Death        

 AMERICAN ANTI-SLAVERY LECTURE OF P.On Monday night last, a lecture was deliveredin the Town-Hall, Pontetract, by Mr. WWells Brown, a fugitive slave delegate from theabolitionists of America. The meeting commencedat seven o'clock, Mr. Samuel Knight, a member ofthe Society of Friends, in the chair. Mr. Brownshows that talent and  belong to nocolor or class of men whatever, but may be foundin every grade of society. His lecture dealt withfacts; and he showed the very great disadvantagesthe colored people in America labored under, owingto the oppressive laws coasted by Congress. Hestated that a  of  might  inAmerica by a constable, and if he had been born free,nay, if he had been born in England, and never beena slave, and not having any papers to certify he wasfree, that he was not a slave but entirely free!and that when the supposed slave had done allthis, under every disadvantage and got a verdict in hisfavor, before he was not at liberty, he find to pay thecosts of his arrest, and also of his keep during thetime he was in prison. The hall was crowded; andwe venture to say, there was but one opinion, thatsuch laws ought no longer to disgrace the statutebook of any country. Five of the States of NewEngland have passed their veto against slavery, wherea runaway slave receives public sympathy and protection,and is admitted to the rights and privileges ofcitizenship. A vote of thanks to the chairman wasproposed by Mr. Denison, independent minister, ofKnottingley, and seconded by Mr. S, afterwhich the meeting separated.—Dencaster Jan. 25th, 1850. MERICAN NTI LAVERY ECTURE OF .        Dencaster   

  of the Young Man's  be given on Thursday evening.  Hall, Brookfield .       A  progress of Eastern and be submitted in which departments the valuable of several ladies and gentlemen has been volunteeredand gratefully escaped.    The splendid Executor Banner denoted by the ladiesof Boston, will be unfurled on this concession. It is hoped that the entertainment will commanditself to their friends and the public .  Tickets, at 12 1-2 cents, may be  of theCommittee, and at the door.  Exercises will commence at 7 1-2 o'clock. ISAAC A. SNOWING, WM.T. RAYMOND, WM.C. HALL,   

 MR HANN. A week or two since we into our columns certain allegations affecting thecharacter of Mr. Hannagan, late U.S. Minister tothe court of Berlin. Since his return in the Europe,the New York Globe has published the following: R ANN.   'We perceive that our late Minister to Berlin,Hon. Edward A. Hannagan, has returned in the Europe;and a personal friend of ours, who knew himintimately abroad, authorizes us to say that the letterdefamatory of Mr. Hannegan, published in the Whigpapers of Boston and copied elsewhere makes nothingbut statements utterly without foundation. Mr.Hannagan never tasted a drop of ardent spirits duringhis whole residence in Europe, and his conductwas of the most amiable and exemplary characterunder all circumstances. The stories, therefore ofthe letter writers in question are most cruel or wellas unjust, and were no doubt the manufacturer ofsome personal ill feeling and malignity.' 

 The New York City Democracy had a stormy meetingat Tammany Hall on Saturday night. The meetingwas intended to comprehend only those who wereopposed to the Wilmot proviso, but E.F. Prudy waschosen chairman, and Captain Ryndere and AlexanderMing, who were not included in the call, werethe master spirits of the meeting, and under  influencea string of resolutions was passed, of whichthe following is a specimen:— The New York City Democracy  Resolved, That the Constitution of California is republicationin its form. It is a deliberate and properexercise of the right of self-government by for citizens,and the duty of Congress is imperative to admither as one of the States of the confederacy. The meeting agreed to support the present unionorganization of the Democratic party of the city andalthough 'groans' for the Wilmot proviso and for Van Duren were freely given, it appears thatthe Southern affiliators were entirely overthrown.  

 NORTHERN WHIGGERY IN 1848. We go for theWilmot proviso, and meeting short. The proviso andfreedom !  it isn't necessary, there'sa great principle involved! The proviso, lot the consequencebe what it may! Never shall slavery befurther extended, Leave the matter to the people!—to the Indians and ignorant half-breeds, and Mexicans?Never. No, never! Here we firmly plant ourfeet. Congress  decide the question, and decideit on the side of freedom! The proviso won't do anygood? Well, then, it won't do any harm, and we arebound to put it through. No matter what the Souththinks. We've been dictated to by slaveholders longenough. Nothing short of the Wilmot proviso willentirely us, and seems liberty in the territories'T was in a cause like this of the proviso that our fathersbled and fell on Bunker Hill. What unworthyson of noble sires will prove recreant in the cause offreedom? The proviso and freedom forever! ORTHERN HIGGERY IN   principle  Northern Whiggery on the receipt of Taylor's SpecialM.—On the whole, we r-a-t-h-e-r g-o-o--we might us well let the p-p-poo people of the territoriesdo as they like about holding . Atany rate, let's keep clear of that d-d proviso.—Springfield Post. Northern Whiggery on the receipt of Taylor's SpecialM.     Springfield Post. 

 ANOTHER FLUNKEY. The editor of the UnitedStates Law Magazines (John Livingston) recently putforth an Address to his patrons. In the copies wentto the South, the following paragraph was inserted:— NOTHER LUNKEY. 'It may, perhaps, be as well here to state, that wemust decline publishing any article discussing the subjectof slavery. While the constitutional rights ofthe South appear too plain to require demonstration,we hold that he exposition of an oppose would be not only contrary to our duty, but a publicdanger and a public wrong.'  In the address for the North, this sentenced is .Indeed, it was by accident only that the factdisclosed shows was discovered! Is not  infamousconduct?   

  LADIS BOOK (Feb.) puts back GraceGreenwood's sense as an Editor. Grace declaresshe will not stay put, as appears by the followingCard, which we find in the Pittsburgh Dispa—  ADIS  OOK  A CAND. AS Mr. L.A. Godey, in the Februarynumber of his magazine, has again published my nameas that of an Editor—restored it to the cover fromwhich he removed it in January—I beg leave to stateto my Western friends, that this restoration has beenmade without my concurrence or knowledge. I haveno connection either editorially of otherwise with theLes  AND. S Les    GRACE GREENWOOD New Brighton, Jan. 22, 1850. Godey has proved himself to be a dough-face of themost servile order—. .  

 ☞Mr. James Le, of New York, will the of a distance,' for  Rev. Dr. man purchased the MS of Washington's Address. Price, $3300.      ☞The Roman Catholic Church in the UnitedStates ascending to the Catholic has 11 Di, 333 Priests, and a population of456,000 who  to its . In 1866 therewas  one  and two  in the UnitedStates. There are now thirty .         Terribly Prolifio.—The P (Ps.) Journal, ofthe  ult. says that the women reading  andBranch Valley, who gave birth to four  shoutsixteen months age, presented her husband with threemore, but work making seven children in the spaceof sixteen months! Terribly Prolifio.     Two Women  to Death.—Two women, namedLindery and Goodrich, who attempted to  the St. John N.B. were after  upon to death. They such had them, and it is supposed that they firs  benumbedand were finally so everyone as to lie down,and never  again. Two Women  to Death.         ! —Dr. Wilson's  for in  is  by the  tohave proved in a very good ful. !          ☞One hundred and sixty-four- belongingto the estate of the late .,  andliberated at his death by his will arrived at Saon the  inst.,  so  from Baltimore to Capt. Major Wood appropriated  of their .             

 M of Powell Buxton, Best,—1 vol.  pp. Price $1 .     A Tribute for the Negro—by W. —1 st of Rev. A Brown—by his CNarrative of Wm. W. Brown—26 cts.     Do. of Henry Bibb—50 cts. Do. of Josiah Hanson—36 cts. J.P. Lesley's Address to the Sof Congregational Ministers—21 cts.   Review of the Mexican War—15 cts.  The  Papers—63 1-2 cents.  Lousell's —43 1-3 cts.  The Vision of Sir —35 cts.  Speech of Hon.  on Slavery. etc.   

 NARRATIVE of the Life of William W. Browna Fugitive Slave. Written by himself. , tenth thousand. Price 25 cts.   Anti-Slavery ! a collection of Slavery Meetings.  by Wm. W. Second edition. Price 12 1-2 cts.      of Rev. Abel Brown, by his ComC.S. Brown—63 1-2 cts.   Des in America. 4th edition—25 cts.  Archy , 26 cts.  The Church as it is; or the  of thevery, by Parker Pillsbury. Second edition—armedand preved—15 cts.   History of he Mexican War: or Facts for the people,showing the relation of the United States to Slavery. Compiled from official and a Documents. By Loring Moody—26 cts.   Libery Minstrel (Clark's) 56 cts. Mr. Parker's  of the  and Condition of Boston—15 cts.    Revolutions, & By A.J. Davis, the —2 60; Davis's Chart, 1 50.  Christian New-Resistance, by Adin —   A Review of the Causes and  of theMexican War. By William Jay—75 cts.  The Mexican and other Poems, by George 3. Janleigh—75 cts. Charles Summer's Oration: The True  ofMexican, best edition, at the reduced price of ; and many other valuable anti-slavery together with a good assortment of Books as ,Proctology, and the Water Cure.      For sale by HELA MARSH, No. 25 June 15. 6mo.  

 UNDER the direction of the American Friend Society, kept by WILLIAM P. POWELL.No. 330 Pearl street, New York City.  October 25. 

 A PREPARATION of extraordinary press, inthe cure of Scrofulous Affections,  ofevery description, secondary Syphilis, ill-Ulcers, Fever or Mercurial Sores, chronic Liver andKidney Diseases, Costiveness, spitting of Blood general Debility common to , Fast, sluggish Circulation, & A sure and for Scrofulous Tumors on the neck, which I never fall to remove, if taken according to and faithfully preserved in.         The proprietors, after testing the virtues of medicine for upwards of three years in an practice, and with unbounded success, now sir to the public. In diseases of the skin arising impure circulation, it is a sovereign remedy. It willassuredly eradicate any kind of humor from the ,if he directions are strictly adhered to. Wechallenge the world o produce its equal. Any ordoubting its efficacy can satisfy themselves that itis a powerful instrumentality in the cure of by consulting Dr. Clark's patients, in and about tocity, who have taken it and can testify to its beingpowers. A great many have given it a trial, and weknow not yet of a single person who has not either temporary or permanent benefit from is .     sovereign remedy.     The following was handed us, and we  it forthe consideration of others who may be afflicted. The gentleman may be seen at his 7 1-2  st.     , April 27, .   DRS. CLAKE &POSTER: RS. LAKE OSTER G—A little more than a year age, wetaken with spitting blood, pain in my side ,and strong symptoms of consumption. I the advice of two eminent physicians of this city, itsounded my lungs, and pronounced them badly affected,or very week. They advised me to go tothe country, as a change of air might be beneficiateme. I did so, but with little hope of returning theWhile , I was taken worse than ever. A was  to see me. He examined my lungsand said he could give me no encouragement—might live till Fall, but probably no longer. My physicians, previous to my leaving for the countrysaid I should never get well. But I was induced totry Dr. Clark, who gave me the Anti-,and after taking it a few months, my health isrestored, and now I am able to attend to my I think your  a medicine of great efficacy.!speak from experience.             RALPH MORAEE. BOSTON, Nov. 26, 1848. OSTON DRS. CLARK &P: Gents—Feeling perdesire that the afflicted should avail themselves ofyour medicine, and he benefited as I have will cheerfully give my testimony in favor of it. is well known to many who have long been with me, that I have suffered for nearly years with a very sore leg, at times much, and very purple. The veins on my leg greatly enlarged, and the ulcers exceedingly  andpainful. Such has been my situation at times, have been unable to attend to say business. I havebeen very lame, and often have had to keep myroom on account of the distress which he My health become much impaired feared the difficulty would terminate In this condition, I sought the best medical in this city and country, but I was told that thiswas no permanent cure for me—that if I healed ,death would be the consequence. Finding encouragement from my physicians, and getting worse, I was advised to try your medicine, and by theuse of a few bottles, and a little wash for my leg consider myself quite well, better than I have for many years. The swelling and veins have hasdiminished, the livid color of the skin has ,the ulcers entirely healed over, and my quite sound, so that I can now do my  nowalk about without the slightest inconvenience year medicine has done for me what else has or could do. RS. LARK                         In the case of my with, the same good that your medicine have been experienced.  she has had a chronic inflammation of the considerwhich not only made her look rather dispensable,but at times was exceedingly painful. She the best eye doctors in the city, and tried their medicines, but she got no . So various kinds of eye water, but nothing any permanent change until she  to your medicine, and is now entirely cured. Any wishing further information, can see me at my further of Carver and Pleasant streets.             LUTHER SANDKR.  ☞In another column will be found the of Drs. Clarke and Porter, setting forth the of the Anti-Scrofula Pan. While said  are prevalent among the human and thousands are wasting away and dying shame is nothing in the line of Medicine must their wants, certainly a  which ports to cure or relieve this formidable disease he hailed with joy. That the Panaces is a poweralternative and a great renovator of the blood, we havenot  test doubt. We have seen the good in our own finally, and have frequently heard of cures being performed by it, and hence should it to be one of the best medicines before the for the purposes for which it was intended. been personally acquisitioned with the of the  for many years, and shaken confidence in his professional skill and ,his honesty and integrity, we do not believe itwould send-forth to the world a worthless article nothing to recommend it to public confidence, It ispractice he has faithfully tried and proved the of the medicine, and many are now walking as ormidst who are living evidence of its healing power.We doubt not the  of the individuals of the firs respectability have gives ournames in recommendation of the , and such an army of testimony in favor of the and the marvelous cures which it performs we for it a  and po second to .                                 ☞Sold at No. 36 C Street, Boston, Price per bottle.   A.  SAMUEL E. , Nov. 4 and 14 under toold State Human hand of State street . AMUEL   DAVIS  Jr.,  Union and  of. AVIS       N.A. ,  New M.    

