 DEAR GARRISON— There will be no war arising out ofthe fishery question; our aristocracy don't feel themselvesfirm enough in the saddle to encounter you, the will is strong. Your democratic institutionsare their aversion: they would be their terror, if it werenot that you cherish slavery; but that diminishesyour moral influence much with the people. Whilstthat lasts, you have but a negative influence with them.Our aristocracy know that their power was foundedin feudalism, and that commerce has driven out fromthe people the feudal spirit: that the fruits of commerceare democratic in their tendency; there is mutualityin it, but individuality only in feudalism, allcentred in the lord. In commerce, the center of interestis circulatory, it is diffusive; its tendency is to promotethe interests of men. Feudalism goes upwardsto a man, and dries and becomes arid ere it reaches thechief. Commerce goes round the circumference, andenlarges. Commerce has, during the last fifty years,wonderfully enlarged the ledgers of the two countries;and if you tariff about war, the dollar interest becomesserious, and they carry home, mentally, their ledgersto sleep upon. They know that war will cut up theirbalances, that the great will become little, and thelittle ones less; and commerce failing, the feudallords have now no means of raising the national expenditureafter the rats to which it is now needed;and they know that the people are sufficiency enlightenedto trace effects to causes; nay, that they can anticipatesome effects before their causes are broughtinto action, and that they will visit upon foolish statesmentheir just indignation. Public opinion is nowbecoming more powerful, and men do not throw uptheir caps, and think that wisdom is necessarily foundunder a coronet; they have learned to know that atitle very often heralds a fool. The people of Englandsee that it is absurd to quarrel about a few acres ofland covered with water, and that there is no goodreason for mating out to any nation in particular, anygiven portion of the ocean, or of the fish of the sea;it is equally given by God to all; and every nationthat can make it worth its while to send to a placewhere fish abound, is entitled to fish. That nationwhich is nearest to the locus in quo would have theadvantage of supplying the stores, tackle, and wants ofthe men on its coast. Man never goes to a spotwithout carrying his wants with him, and he cannotcarry all the supplies which the ever-occurring incidentsof travel and of humanity call for. Hence it isthat men carry benefits with them to each other. Inproportion as knowledge diffuses itself, each man increaseshis own individual independence; but as thatknowledge increases, his aspiration and his circle ofactivity enlarge, and the motives which influence himbecome variously Increased; and he that would otherwisevegetate, grow encrusted with prejudices, andbecome barren, becomes by travel active, buoyant inspirit, and applies his energies in those ways whichsuit his temperament and his knowledge; and thedifference to the world is Just the difference there isbetween flowing and stagnant water; the one carrieshealth and fruitfulness, the other produces disease anddeath. EAR ARRISON  locus in quo All this is seen, in leaser or greater clearness, bythe people here. They now export to and importfrom you to an extent more largely than to all the nationsof Europe, and Very large portions of the landthat formerly belonged to our aristocracy has nowpassed into the hands of those who have grown richby commerce; and our aristocracy again have beenmarrying into commercial families, the heads of whichfamilies have had aristocratic aspirations, and havemarried their daughters for a title, but have neverthelesscarried with them some of the influence whichriches and the cause of those riches ever carry withthem. These are in the Barings, the Morrisons, theArk wrights, the Wigrams, the Lloyds, and the Glynns;and the large railway interests carry up with themand influence slowly, but very slowly, changing thefeudal lords. It is beginning to be noticed now, thatthere is not a single peer who can trace his lineal descentfrom William the Conqueror. Nature is verydemocratic. It is a saying here, which those whonotice transitions see to be realized, that the first generationacquires, the second enjoys, the third spends,and the fourth goes to work again. The ascent ofthose commercial lords into  clouds of feudalism isdiminishing very rapidly that feeling of reverence formere ancestry which used to be felt prior to youremancipation from England, and your union into afederalism of people. Your subsequent growth hasshown what the institution of democracy can do,and that men were made to grow in a free soil, andwere not made for princes; that man is equal to rulinghimself; at all events, that he is better able to rulehimself than princes are to rule for him-that hegrows more fruitful in the garden that belongs tohimself-that he grows quicker When left unrestrainedby despots; and if you look through your patent officeat the inventive power of your people, you will seehow fruitful is mind in calling method to its aid, andmaking science subserve the wants of man. Feudalismas going with us. Men are beginning to see thatthe aristocracy have robbed the crown of all its landsand income, saddled its maintenance upon the people,and made it a first class pauper, defendant upon thetaxes, that is, upon the labor of the people from whencethe taxes are raised; shared all the patronage of thegovernment, of the army, navy, ordnance; coloniesabounding with places for their progeny for governors,who were always chosen from military men, andgenerally on account of their family influence. Thenthat the Church, that is, the right to take a tenth ofthe produce of the kingdom from the people, was alsokept and shared amongst them, and the work done bycurators; that in short the land as well as the crownlands, the loaves and fishes in Church and in State,were seized upon and shared among them; and martiallaw, the press-gang, and the laborious militaryservice, the lash and 6d. a day, (now a shining.) werereserved for the people. All this is now seen through,and the system is offensive in their, nostrils.  Up to the time of the American revolutionary war,this stats of things had gone on; the people sufferedunder it, suffered by it, and through it, but they perceivednot its causes; and the priests were cunningenough to keep them in catechism and ignorance, andto teach them to do their duty in that state of life towhich (so taught the priest) it had pleased God to callthem; but which in truth was the state to which ithad pleased the priest to guide them. Our peoplethen were like your slaves now, enable to perceivethe value of knowledge; and they could be made, thatis, our people could be made, by very little management,to shout, 'Church and King forever.'—for thepriests have always been subtle enough to use thecrown as a peg upon which to hang their own cloaks,and to cover their own interests. Well, we shall have no war, for oar people are nowgaining knowledge of the causes which have keptdown their interests, and are diverging from theircourses of thought and action on which it had pleasedthe priests to guide them. So your slaves an beginningto know the North Star, and by the aid of theunderground railway to reach the land of personalliberty. We, that is, the people here, ass beginningto see that war to the road to slavery, that it is destructiveof the interests of the people, that whatever is destroyedthey mast labor to restore, that rich men donot restore-any thing; they float upon the stream ofcapital do nothing but land the symbols of labor tothe restorer, and are paid the interest for more symbolsto put the work in action. The people see thatthe land is the grand possession, which being sold orgiven to individuals by the crown, that those individualsalternately become the masters of the people; andwhen slavery shall be abolished, and dom shall bethe lowest scale of being in the United States, themwill commence the upward and onward movement asto the land, and who shall posses it, and how. Thescience, of society will then be studied; it is the science,to the illustration of which all other sciences arepreliminary and auxiliary.  The great purpose of being is to win happiness. Happinesscannot be in a state of isolation. In that stale,man is a mere brute on two legs; not even a barbarian,but a beast with a power of walking upright. He hasgregarious tendencies. When brought together, theyare in a state of barbarism, and they learn language bydegrees, and perceive gradually; that the arts nextcome, and science after them, and government and socialrules slowly evolve. In our day, laws and institutions,and the art of uniting to accomplish socialpurposes, is rapidly developing. Our railroads,telegraph companies, beaks and banking, are but advancesin the science of socialism; and we shall ultimatelydiscover how best to distribute , as we havenow largely discovered how to create wealth in abundancefor all, if rightly distributed.  Yours, truly, EDWARD SEARCH. 

 POSTAGE AND SLAVERY. Slavery curses everything.Nothing but vice and poverty can prosperunder its away. If the Southern States had not ourNorthern mechanizes and merchants to cheat, andNorthern freeman to tax, they would have beenbankrupt long ago. Were it not for the South, wecould have penny postage on letters, and papersfree; but now we are taxed, every year, more thanhalf a million of dollars at the North, to pay the deficitat the South in the postage revenue. In a recentreport of the receipts of the Postal Department,we see that every free State except Michigan, Indiana,and Illinois, pays large sums over and abovethe expense of transportation; while every SouthernState, except Delaware and Louisiana, falls in debtto the Department in equally large sums. If wehave nothing to do with slavery, it has something todo with us. Every letter we put into the post-office,and every paper that comes through the mail, is taxedfor the support of slavery, and we are obliged topay the tax. It curses the South with ignorance anddegradation, and stretches its hand of death overour system of intercourse and dissemination of intelligence,and burdens it with an unreasonable tax,that goes to keep alive the enervated intercourse ofthe South. 'O miserable!' OSTAGE AND LAVERY. 

 ☞TERMS—$2 50 per annum, in advance. ERMS ☞All remittances are to be made, and all letters the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent.   ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TEN, if payment be made in advance.  ☞Advertisements making less than one square in three times for 75 cts.—one square for $1 00.   ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, and Ohio Anti-Slavery Societies are auto receive subscriptions for the Liberator.   Financial Committee.—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLIS, EDMUND QUINCY, SAMUEL PHILBRICK, PHILLIPS. [This Committee is responsible financial economy of the paper—not for its debts.] Financial Committee. RANCIS ACKSON LLIS  DMUND UINCY AMUEL HILBRICK  HILLIPS.   

 During the extreme heat of the summer, our bodilyand mental condition was such as to require absoluterelaxation for a time, though we knew not how to beabsent from our post. Among the many kind invitationsthat were extended to us, in various quarters,was the following from our respected friend JOSEPHBARKER, of Ohio, who, fresh from the conflict 'withprincipalities, and powers, and spiritual wickedness inhigh places,' in the old world, has chosen the greatWest as the place of his habitation and the theatre ofhis labors in the cause of universal liberty. On bearingthat he contemplated removing to this country,we had no apprehension as to what his coarse wouldbe in regard to the great American s agitation' for theabolition of slavery. The spirit which had enabledhim, in his own land, to stand by the side of theperishing class, to arraign and give battle to Britishoppression, to grapple with religious bigotry andsuperstition, and to give a full and bold utterance toall his convictions of truth and duty, whether pertainingto the Church or the State, we felt confidentwould  him to stand erect on the soil of America.Nor have we been at all disappointed. But no man isto be trusted who comes to us from England, whateverhis anti-slavery professions, who has not espousedthe cause of struggling reform on his own side of theAtlantic; nor can any American be relfed upon in aforeign land, who refuses to be identified with theanti-slavery movement at home. OSEPH ARKER  It will be readily seen that the letter we give belowwas not written for the public eye; but we hope tobe pardoned by its large-hearted author, for takingthe liberty to print it. Was ever s more cordial invitationextended by one friend to another, than is containedin it? Was ever one made more quaintly ormore enticingly? Happily, we began to mend soonafter receiving it, and so we took 'the will for thedeed,' as gratefully as though we had realized all thepleasure and all the benefit set forth in the letter. Weassure our friend Barker that we shall gladly availourself of the earliest convenient opportunity to visithim in his Western home, around which so many attractionsare beginning to cluster. Near MILLWOOD, Knox Co, Ohio,Aug. 16, 1852.} ILLWOOD MY DEAR FRIEND: I understand that you are unwell,in consequence of overmuch mental exertion andexcitement; and I write this to request you to cometo our house here to rest yourself, and recruit yourenergies. We will all contribute as much as we cantowards your comfort while you are hers; and wewill not teaze you in any way. We will neither askyou to lecture in public, nor compel you to talk inprivate. We will neither keep you in solitude, nortire you with company; but leave you as free as yoursoul can wish to be. And I do not believe there isin America a better spot for an overworked moralistthan this of ours. It is perfectly healthy. We haveneither ague nor fever, nor any other local disease.—Andthe country around is open and pleasant, withabundance of hills and rocks, and of rivers and runs,of ravines and caves, at a short distance. And youshall have plenty of fruit, such as the country and theseason will yield, and abundance of fresh roots andvegetables. If you want animal food, you shall havechickens, ducks, or pork, and, perhaps, a supply ofsquirrels, pigeons and quails. Eggs, milk, butter,and cream, custards and corn cakes, you shall havein abundance, and gallons and tub-fulls of good coldwater. And you shall have a horse and a saddle, ora pair of horses and a wagon, to rids about the neighborhood,and see the country and its inhabitants. Wecan promise you as arrant negro-haters and as trueand loving abolitionists as you will find in any Stateof the Union, perhaps. If you want to work a littlewe will furnish you with a spade or a mattock, anaxe or a hoe, a slasher or a scythe. If you wish formovie, you shall hare the piano or the accordion, thefiddle or the voice. On Sunday, you can have sermons,hymns and prayers, and on the week-days,laughter, songs and dancing. If you wish to read, wewill supply you with books; and if you wish to write,you shall have pen, ink and paper. We have but avery small house, but you shall have as much roomas we can spare you, both by day and by night. Wehave one room, outside the house, which is very large,and excellently adapted for an invalid. It has a loftyroof, and a rich and magnificent calling. Walls it hasnone; for the roof is semi-spherical, and comes downto the ground. It is hung with splendid lamps, whichgive a light as rich and beautiful as that of sun andmoon and stars. And we frequently have it hungwith the most gorgeous drapery. The place iscarpeted with green, inlaid and embossed with flowers,and shrubs and trees. It is excellently ventilated,and well watered. In this room, we should wish youto spend most of your time through the day, andat night we will put you in a smaller room that opensinto it. We want you to be hers before the coldweather comes on, and before the fields and the woodsare bars. The country will be beautiful in Augustand September. In October, the trees will east theirleaves, the weather will begin to be cold, and theroads wilt begin to be muddy. Y EAR RIEND one outside The anti-slavery cause is making progress, I believe,hereabouts. One thing is certain, the opponentsof the cause are not so forward to ridicule oroppose it as they were, while the friends of the causewax bolder. I have been delivering some lectureshere, since I returned from the East, which have beenexceedingly well attended, and, in every lecture, Ihave given my views and expressed my feelings onslavery and the Fugitive Slavs Law. Persons thatones were the most violent pro-slavery mea wereamong my hearers, and listened to my remarks inquietness, and encouraged me to continue my lectures.I gesture once a fortnight. The next lecturewill have to be delivered in the grove; the buildingwe have heretofore used is too small for the increasingaudience. I with to have a few words, in mynext, on the infamous platforms of the Whig and Democraticparties, especially on their insolent announcementof their intention to put down freedom of speechand freedom of the press, I wish we could have apublic meeting hers in the open air, for the free andfall discussion of the slavery question. It would bevery largely attended, and it could not fail to do good.It is a pity a good lecturer cannot be employed inthis part of the country. If my health continues good,I thank I shall turn anti-slavery lecturer myself, andbold meetings in every part of the counts.. I know Icould get h—respectful hearers; but I feel as ifa native American, or one who has been longer in thecountry, would be likely to do more good. However,till another lecturer appears, I think I shall arrangefor meetings in the neighboring towns, and try whatI can do myself. I have felt more happy with respectto the anti-slavery cause since I attended your Conventionin May last. I used to fear that you had notyet got held of the public mind—that you were, to agreat extent, talking and writing to the wind; thatyour halls fell short of the enemy's ranks, and did theexecution; that your enemies did not care much foryou; that they despised rather than feared you,andregarded you rather as a petty annoyance than as a terrible enemy. My visit to Boston showed me myerror. It revealed to me the planning fast, that abolitionismis a power as well as a principle, that  are a terror to the tyrsets as well as principle; that shouldonce; that you and your followers are making youselves felt both in the churches and the political ; that your balls are doing execution, and thatyou are anything rather than despised by your governments.I returned from the Conventions with a hearts, in this respect. I would not have missed thatmeeting for a great deal. I would not part with happy effects of the meeting on my own soul in alarge sum.  power   terror once  despised   I wish our friend—— ——, [across the Atlantic]had been present. It would have filled him withgladness. He is naturally rather despondent. He isespecially so wit respect to abolitionism. He the cause with all his heart. He regards its advancesas the best men living. He would give his life. I hadhave— he would count his property as a trifle, it could thereby give them the victory over their ownminds. Hatred of oppression love of liberty reverencefor intellectual and moral excellence, adminfidelity and courage, are the mightiest elements for hissoul. But he has only little hope. He feels, withrespect to abolitionism, as if truth were weak, andfalsehood strong; as if the powers arrayed in of slavery were too many and too mighty to be overcome. He feels as if the abolitionists were laboring,not with any hope of success in their undertakingbut simply because consequence, humanity, requiredthem to labor. If he had been with me at your anniversaries,he would have seen and felt that the of freedom in this land has life and vigor in it; thethe abolitionists are toiling in hope; that they notonly look for success, but see it; that they not hope for victory in the future, but are conqueringnow. He would have seen and felt that the powerof the slaveholding sects and politicians is not great as its outward show would lead the mere looker to believe. He would have seen and felt, thatthe parties arrayed against the advocates of freedomwere full of fear and anxiety; that they had a consciousness of insecurity; that they felt they losing ground, and mint, in the end, be earned aas with a flood. And what a rapturous effect discovery would have had on his large and soul! It would have swes the whole currenthis future thoughts. It would have brightened shadowy hues or his inner life for ever. He wouldhave felt the spirit of prophecy come upon him, andin private, if not in public, he would have joined inany hopeful and gladsome exultations.* * *      look but see          Yours, very affectionately, JOSEPH BARKER. Wm. Lloyd Garrison. 

 ☞'Yes! it cannot be divided—the slaveholdinglords of the South prescribed, as a condition of theirassent to the Constitution, three special provision tosecure the perpetuity of their dominion over theirslaves. The first was the immunity, for twenty years,of preserving the African slave trade; the second wasthe stipulation to surrender fugitive slaves—an engagementpositively prohibited by the laws of God,delivered from Sinai; and, thirdly, the exaction, fatato the principles of popular representation, of a representationfor slaves—for articles of merchandize, underthe name of persons. . . To call government thus constituteda democracy, is to insult the understanding ofmankind. It is doubly tainted with the infection ofriches and slavery. It reciprocal operation upon thegovernment of the nation is to establish an artificialmajority in the slave representative over that of thefree people, in the American Congress; and therebyto make the PRESERVATION, PROPAGATIONAND PERPEUTATION OF SLAVERY THE VITALAND ANIMATING SPIRIT OF THE NATIONALGOVERNMENT.'—JOHN QUINCY ADAMS. OHN UINCY DAMS. 

 To-day is the anniversary of the memorable of the fugitive slave Jerry, at Syracuse, and it isbe duly commemorated in that city by the friendsimpartial liberty. The Editor of the Liberatorgone to participate in its proceedings. Here is something 'rich' from the Syrscuse Star:—  Liberator MORE SEDITON.-The Abolition organ in thuspublished a call yesterday for a' Jerry Rescues Celebrationon the 1st of October next. The negro' bell-ringer, CRANDALL, is undoubtedlywriter. We suppose that the celebration is to be undoubted theat the 'Jerry Block,' as it is called, elise 'WhenBlock.' The call glories in open resistance, and by mob violence, of the laws of the laws. Westlike to know how many of the law-abiding, politicalcitizens of Syracuse are ready to sanction such resistantto the execution of a law at Congress, based uponConstitution of their country. Here is a foul; action commended and proposed to be celebratedwhich a band of ruffians, fanatics, rowdies andmet in riotous assemblage, in the night time, guns, stones bars of iron, and other missiles, thoughtthe officers of the law, who were peaceably andlegally performing their sworn duty! ORE EDITON.  RANDALL elise      These officers of the law art by this article called'kidnappers.' Ah! have the signers of the so soon forgotten their wicked attempt to convictMarshall ALLEN as a kidnapper for the part he tookon the occasion they propose to celebrate? they already forgotten Judge MARVIN's decisionscathing rebuke on that subject. kidnappers.  LLEN kidnapper  ARVIN's Let those who undertook to break up the laworder meeting of our citizens, assembled last wipe out the stain of that disgraceful mob, joined male female fanatics and infidels who seek commemorate mob violence. It will be in character but for the sake of good morals, of our good a city, and of every thing sacred, let men who lovetheir country, and feel bound to sustain the the land, discountenance this effors to justify suchatrocious outrage.       An attempt was made to induce us for manypublish the seditious call as an advertisement, spurned the bribe as we would spurn the overtimes ofSatan. Treason, in whatever shape it mayshall have no countenance from us, so long is ours, though the gold of Ophir be land of ourin compensation.  spurned  We are not surprised to find the leaders is the Woman's Rights Convention the head and this movement. 'Birds of a feather flock The time will come when all such foul birds looked upon as harpies— as disturbers of the and only  to be caged in some bedlam or asylum forthe insane.       

 Since slavery has been made a subject of partydiscussion, and since abolitionism has entered as aninfluential element in Northern politics, the Democracyof the North has been subjected to as severe aas any party ever withstood. Fanaticism andfederalism combined in the attempt to root outrationality in the North, and to hunt down and destroyall who were faithful to the compromises of theConstitution. Southern Whigs, blinded by partyfeelings and reckless of ultimate consequences, applaudedand cheered on the fierce crusade against men in the North, who breasted the storm offederalism and abolitionism, and by their courageand constancy preserved a party organization, whosestrong ligaments, stretching across the line of division, bind together the two sections ofthe country, and maintain the Union of the States. the Northern Democracy, given way to thetremendous pressure which was brought to bear bythe factious combinations and local interests whichfederalism and abolitionism brought into the field,the Democratic party, not withstanding the nationalityof its creed, would have been confined to a section,and rendered unable to uphold the Constitution orprevent the destruction of reserved rights of theStates. The highest honor is, therefore, due to theNorthern Democracy, which has stood firm, as wellfor the important results which it has aided to accomplishas for the high patriotism which inspired itsconduct, and enabled it to withstand the powerfulassaults which were made upon it. It was but rightand proper that its ranks should furnish the Democraticcandidate for the Presidency; and the selectionFranklin Pierce vindicate the reputationwhich Virginia has always enjoyed for clear sagacityand patriotic purposes.     DEMOCRACY AND SLAVERY.—We find in the Savannah Georgiana letter from Hon. Joseph W.Jackson, M.C., in which the support of Pierce andKing is urged upon the people of Georgia on suchgrounds as these: 'As did Mr. Jefferson always,must we, of the present day, look to the NorthernDemocracy as to the party, if not our 'naturalallies,' yet of our friends. With the exception ofsome few honorable, and by me, honored gentlemen,the Whigs of the North are fixedly, and irrecoverablehostile to our institution of Southern slavery.—Against the torrent of fanatical encroachment whichforesee must, at no very remote day, be pouredupon us, the arm of the thousands of pure men ofthe Northern Democracy, after our own courageousself defence, for which we should stand ever prepared,is, under God, our chief defence.' EMOCRACY AND LAVERY. Savannah Georgian 

 BLOOMFIELD, (Me.,) Sept. 22 1852. LOOMFIELD FRIEND GARRISON: I have been intending a time to write you're a few lines, by way of inquirer. ihave  taking your paper since last spring, of experiment, and like it pretty well; but that Iwant to know is this, viz: why you (Garrisonians)don't vote? I will anticipate a little. I understandyou say, the U.S. Constitution is pro-slavery. it; and if your vote, it will imply that you would makeoffice; if so, you must swear to support said constitution,which I suppose you will not do. Butinstrument provides for its amendment: and I don't see how your can reach the trouble kind of season, without voting. RIEND ARRISON       Now, a few words about your correspondent inCornville, (Me.) He says he attraded a Conventionin Skowhegan, to nominate State officers; it wasFree Soil County Convention. Mr. Mitchell few remarks, and said something about a temperancemeeting; but I neither saw nor heard say 'thunderbolt.' Now, we were discussing about voting forMaine Law men, and Gov. Habberd in particular.—He says, 'It was proved, on the spot, that drinks now-a-days.' Such is not the fact; he hasbeen accused, but it has not been proved.   Now, please insert this, and answer it is your for I want to see your answer, so that I make upmy mind about continuing the Liberator. The time Ipaid for is most out.  Liberator. S.D. SMONEL ☞Meaning no offense to the writer of the —'a short horse is soon carried. 'The reason whywe do not, as abolitionists, vote in, because we consistently or innocently swear to upheld a pro-slaveryConstitution—exactly as he states it. other reason is needed, or what butter given? But 'the Constitution provides for ment.'True—but it is to be obeyed, is it nothingit is amended. Now we cannot obey it—we disobey it—hence, we are precluded, by a moral from voting under it. It is not a question oftime, but a matter of principle. 'Let the dead, burytheir dead.' 'No union with slaveholders.'—Ed. Lib.  short       

 We pereceive by the Virginia papers, that, withinthe last three months, a greater degree of insolenceand resistance has been manifested by the negroesin every portion of the State, to the authority oftheir owners, than ever known before. The negroesattack their masters and overseers, when anythinggoes wrong with them; and in the settlement of thematter, such is the laxity of punishment generally,that the negroes are often the victors. The Frederick(Va.) Herald says it knows of several instancesof the kind referred to. Some negroes will not bechastised by their owners, and go so far as to resistan punishment from that quarter. The servants inthe kitchen teach their children that the relativeposition of Master and slave does not of right exist,and that henceforth the word Mister is to be usedinstead of Master; instead of addressing themin the terms heretofore known as father and motheramong the blacks, require their children to call themma and pa. This is no great thing itself; but itis a sign of the times, and shows conclusively, thatin this age of progress, the negroes are making progress toto. The same paper says that it is now a as to which color shall use the side-walk,and which give way. We also learn from ourexchanges, that in the border States, there is veryfrequently a stampede among the negroes—largenumbers going off together. The Frederick(Va.) Herald  'Now in the name of common sense, a commoncause and a common fate, how can the people of theSouthern States be so blind as not to see that thisgrowing bordination of the slaves is one of theconsequences of the existing union of slaveholdingwith non—slaveholding States? A Union of thosewho love and live by slaver, with those who hateand spurn it—yes, a Union of those who would fightfor it, with those who would, and are now fightingagainst it! To us it seems that the Union, so farfrom being desirable, has now become unsafe, unprofitable,and dishonorable; and in the end, willprove fatal to the institution of slavery. We valueslavery more than we do the Union, and in choosinga foe for our steel in the settlement of this question,we would prefer a Northern man to a negro. Viewingslavery then we do—the very essence of ourmoral, physical and civil life; and looking upon theUnion as the hateful instrument of its final overthrow,if not dissolved—we believe it would be to the bestinterests of the South, to dissolve their existing connectionwith the North, And the sooner the better. 

 MEYER'S UNIVERSEUM, NO VI.—The present bercontains representations of the Romans Act ofin Segovia, Spain; Chamouni Village and Switzerland; Civics Castilian, Italy; and the aposotleand Monastery of Illock, Hungary. letter press descriptions accompany the plates. Andding &Co., General Agents. EYER'S NIVERSEUM O    

 The pardon of these rascally negro-stealers bythe President, has aroused the indignation of everyhonest individual in the Union, who is not either anAbolitionist or a Free Soiler. By this act, Mr. Fillmoredoffs the disguise which he has worn for sometime, and he now exhibits himself to be what wepronounced him when he succeeded General Taylorin the Presidency, a thorough-going Abolitionist.Had he kept himself clear of his old allies and conhis recommendation and support of thecompromise measures might have earned for him arespectable name with posterity; but this last actallows that his sympathies, feelings, heart and soulare with them, and posterity will know where toreplace him. We consider him as having forall claim to the admiration of southern men,by letting loose upon society the base and infamous Drayton and Sayres, who are worse thancommon rogues, because they regard a violation ofthe constitution and laws as a virtue, and the abstractionof slaves a duty, which must be performed atany cost. Such creatures are either lunatics orcriminals, or both, and should be placed where theycannot repeat their crimes. Mr. Fillmore was unjustifiable,therefore, in liberating them and his concan only be accounted for on the suppositionthat his abolition sympathies now, are as strong asthey were when he became President.     THE PRESIDENT AND THE PARDONING POWER.—Mr.The pardon extended to Drayton and Sayres, byPresident Fillmore, is made the subject of bittercomment by the Richmond (Va.) Examiner. It saysMr. Fillmore came into the Presidential mansionundeniably an abolitionist. Since he has been there,his friends claim that he has been friendly to theSouth. But it is evident that be has made up hismind to go oat as he-came in, an abolitionist of theworst kind. The explanation is easy. By curbinghis propensities, he hoped, at one time, to get newnomination by means of Southern votes. But theBaltimore Convention has put an end to his hopes.He has no longer a motive for concealment, no longeran incentive to hypocrisy; and so the cloak fallsat once. The author of the Buffalo letter stands revealedin his own attire. The wolf has cast off hissheepskin. 'This Drayton and Sayres' petition wasthe first opportunity he had to show his real naturesince the Baltimore adjournment—and abiit, evasil,arupit—that is to say, he is off like a shot!' RESIDENT AND THE ARDONING OWER. abiit, evasil,arupit 

 SALLIN HOLLEY AND STEPHEN S. FOSTER. ALLIN OLLEY AND TEPHEN OSTER. We have just held a very interesting and successful of anti-slavery meetings in Liberty Hall. On evening, the 24th. Miss Holley delivered an Concert Hall. She spoke again in the afternoonsession on Sunday. Stephen S. Foster was alsopresent, and did, as usual, valiant service for the cause.His arguments against the Free Soil party were powerfuland conclusive. His periods came down like summers, and dashed in pieces the flimsy fabbyof policital anti—slavery. I think his speeches gavemost satisfaction to the friends of the cause, and madelasting impression upon the minds of the large audiencewho heard him. The evening session on Sundayheld till 10 1-2 o'clock.     But how shall I speak of Miss Holley, and do her. Although an old anti-slavery man, she touchedmy heart as with the spear of Ithuriel, and roused life and new vigor for the sacred cause. who heard her seemed to be influenced spirit and power of her divine mission. Unlike anyspeaker we have ever before listened to, she almost supernatural power over her hearing lady likeand dignified in her manner, her voiceof gentle, touching, and yet strong and piercing as of an angel's trumpet, striving to arouse a world. We trust that all who listened to the of truth, beauty and piety that fell from the noble-minded woman will treasure them hearts as precious gifts. She is a most valuableposition to the Anti-Slavery Society, and the of the cause, wherever she goes, will do wellwelcome her, and make her way as easy as possible.It is no small thing for a woman of refinementof sensibility, like Miss Holley, to leave her home into the world an advocate of a cause so as that of anti-slavery, although it has for the liberation from worse than Egyptian more than three millions of human beings; and miseries of the slave have so soundin her heart, that she has most bravely engaged inthe work of her divine mission. I do not hesitate tosay, that, my opinion, no anti-slavery lecturer at thesame time is doing more for the cause of the slave Holley.                  I was sorry not to see more of the stanch friends of among the lecturers on this occasion—par are noble pioneer, and his noble coadjutors,ncy, Pillsbury, &c. The time was neverble for anti-slavery effort in New Bedford the two old political parties are splitting as elsewhere; they talk largely and but their destiny is sealed. Treacherylast for ever, and the day of their doom is close. Let the abolitionist thank God and take           DANIEL RICKETSON. , Sept. 27, 1852.  

 In common, we are sure, with all one readers, wehate slavery in all its forms. We have no temptationto the contrary. Especially do we hate the slaveryof Christian, Protestant, and republican America.It wars with the spirit and principles of trueChristianity—its grand ultimate destroyer—while itis a violation of natural rights, and is associatedwith universal and nameless atrocities, and, in America,with revolting inconsistency besides. In proportionto our hatred of slavery is our displeasureagainst the obstacles to it, extinction; and amongthese, the infidelity of an important section of theabolitionists is one. They are, after all, only n smallminority, compared with the Christian abolitionists,but a sufficient number by their noise and other appliancesto create moat injurious prejudices. Theyfound abolition on infidel principles— infidel resolutionsat public meetings—seek to identify Christianitygenerally with slavery—employ infidel agents,apostates from Christianity, some of whom blasphemouslycaricature the ordinances of the ChristianChurch. From a correspondence which is going onbetween President Mahan, of the Oberlin Institute—one of the American colleges—and some of thefriends of Christian abolition in this city, it appearsthat the infidelity which led to a disruption inthe Anti-Slavery Society of America, a number ofyears ago, and of which the friends of the slave inthis country so justly and loudly complain, does notconsist of a few loose expressions of ardent, ill-regulatedminds, but constitutes a system; and that underthe sacred name of humanity, men propagate themost repulsive infidelity, destructive alike to bodyand soul. The pernicious effects are felt in thiscountry as well as abroad. That the Christianitywhich the parties denounce is not the so calledChristianity of pro-slavery churches, (as they wouldspeak,)—not Christianity at all—is plain from this,that though the Church of Oberlin, with which PresidentMahan is connected, has gone all the lengththat Christian churches have been or can be askedto go in connection with slavery—refusing communionwith slaveholders, abandoning the negro-pew,&c.,—that Church, so far from being, on this account,more kindly treated by the Garrisonian party,is, if possible, denounced more severely than others,and that simply because they will not abandon theBible and Christianity altogether. This plainlyshows what the object of the party is; and yet thecolors which they wear, and the machinery whichthey employ, is extensively, to say the least, anti-slaverycolors and machinery.  Meanwhile, Christian men and churches of America(and, with few exceptions, this, alas! applies toall denominations,) are deeply to blame in allowingthemselves to be silent and prejudiced against anti-slaverymovements, by the hateful infidelity of others,and other causes. This constitutes no realapology in any circumstances, especially when theyhave an open field for labor with the disinterested,self-denying, and noble men of the Christian AbolitionSocieties—the American and-Foreign Anti-slavery—theBeechers and Tappans. 

 Friend GARRISON—You are probably aware thatto Rev. Nathaniel Colver, late of your city, hastaken up his residence in this place, and now preachesregularly to the Baptist church and society here. Inconversation with anti-slavery friends, in and out ofown, I am frequently asked the question—'Well,now does Mr. Colver succeed since he came among? Is he outspoken and bold before his people,touching anti-slavery and other reforms?' ARRISON  In view of these inquiries, and my former connectionand controversy with the Baptist church here,and Mr. Colver's noted anti-slavery and Free Soilcharacter, I have thought that a communication,touching these matters, may not be uninteresting toyour readers. The Baptist church in South Abington was somewhatconspicuous, in former days, for its hostility tothe anti-slavery cause and its advocates. At its organization,in 1822, and as late as the year 1836, deedsif pews were given to purchasers, by order of thechurch and society, wherein the very first principlesof Christanity were annulled, and its plainest teachingsset at defiance, in excluding all colored persons,and also all white persons who sympathized withthem, from purchasing pews in their house of worship!And this forever! Lest some good Baptistmay think I am misrepresenting the church, I willhere give a copy of the deeds, one of which I nowhave in my possession:— 'To have and to hold the same to the said— ,his heirs and designs, FOREVER, upon express conditions,and not otherwise, that the said—, his heirsshall not suffer the said pew, or any part be conveyed to, or occupied by, or in any mannercome into possession of any colored persons or persons, CLASSED WITH HIM OR THEM, and that he to be Calvinistic Baptist meeting-house FOREVER.. express conditions,and not otherwise shall not suffer the said pew, or any part be conveyed to, or occupied by, or in any mannercome into possession of any colored persons or persons    Calvinistic Baptist meeting-house Such was the precise language used—can anythingmore  unchristian? Talk not to me of the sins ofPopery, while the Protestant church is guilty ofsuch shameful conduct. Well did they call the housea Calvinistic one; for Christianity loathes and abhorseach a spirit. I presume no pews are now deeded inhis manner, thanks to the anti-slavery agitation.Much pro-slavery feeling, however, yet remains in thechurch. In 1842, in view of its pro-slavery character andposition, I was led to withdraw from it—a step whichhave not since regretted. At that time, I knew ofno one in the Baptist ranks to whom I felt free tocommunicate my feelings, more than to Rev. Mr. Boston. I very well knew, however, atthat time, that he was not what he should be, inreagrd to the anti-slavery movement. His discussionwith you on the non-resistance question, and also histreatment of you while in England, and his positionin relation to primitive abolition, was all well knownto me. But, nevertheless, he did at that time suffersuch for his advocacy of anti-slavery doctrines, fromhis Baptist brethren. He was to them a troubler in. Hardly a convention could be held by theBaptists, but their peace was more or less disturbed byhim. I well recollect the deep interest I then took ofleading in the 'Christian Reflector,' the account of Mr.Colver's sayings and doings, on the anti-slavery question,among his Baptist brethren. His discussionwith Elder Davis was certainly praiseworthy.   Christian Reflector I addressed to Mr. Colver, at that time, a long letter,giving an account of my proceedings with theBaptist church here, and their pro-slavery action. Tohis letter, Mr. Colver very kindly replied. He deeplying in due time our cause would triumph.He spoke also, of the pro-slavery character of theChurch. As it was in approval of my course, andcondemnatory of the church, permit me to give ashort extract:—  'I sincerely sympathize with you, and would gladlyafford any assistance in my power towards dispellingthe amazing darkness which seems to enshroud thatchurch. But work on, in the spirit of the Lord; ourmuse is destined to triumph in due time.' Such was Mr. Colver's letter to me—I shall everrespect him for it. Little did he think when he wroteme the above, that he should ever become pastor ofthis church. The question now arises, how has Mr. Colver, sincehe came among us, sustained himself as a Christianminister and reformer? On Fast day he preached to his people one of themost radical sermons to which they ever listened. Idid not hear it, but was informed that it cut them'root and branch.' I have heard him myself, inhome of his sermons, preach to them the true gospelin a way and manner they never heard before. Hehas resently 'been on a tour in Canada, among therefugees, &c. Since his return, he has given quitein interesting account of his journey. He spoke ofmeeting Samuel J. May, and told his people he supposedthey all knew who he was. 'If you do notsaid he, 'it is time you did.' He has given twolectures here solely on the temperance question, sincehe came among us, but no lecture has he devotedwholly to anti-slavery or Free Soil. Most of hislabors, however, are devoted to preaching the gospelof the Baptist denomination, which is much moresectarian than reformatory. We must have a religionmore vital—one that holds not in its embrace humanbeings as chattels, as the American Baptist church isnow doing. Upwards of one hundred thousand personsare now held as slaves by that church. Mr. Colver is not what he should be, but I considerhim far in advance of his church; and I cannot buthope he will do good here, in bringing them to amore healthy state, as it respects their duty tohumanity and the reforms of the day. Very truly yours, H.H. BRIGHAM. 

 A public meeting, under the auspices of the EdinburghLadies' Emancipation Society, was held onWednesday night, at 7 o'clock, in the Rev. Dr.French's Church, College Street, for the purpose ofhearing an address from the Rev. Professor Willis,of the Free Church College, Toronto, on 'the presentposition of the anti-slavery cause, the hardshipscaused by the Fugitive Slave Act, and the claims ofthe Canada Refugee Relief Society.' In the courseof an able speech, Professor Willis said— Much had been said of infidel agitators and abolitionists.He wished to take the opportunity ofmaking some necessary distinctions here. It wasnot sufficiently understood, that there was in theAmerican Union a large and increasing band of intelligentand pious men, who kept apart from themere libertine agitators. He had himself been presentat the Anniversary Meeting of the American andForeign Anti-Slavery Society, of which the Messrs.Tappans, of New York, were influential members.—Hewould never forget the truly religious bearingof the leaden of that society, nor the impressionmade upon him by their grave and dignified appealsto Holy Scripture. It was a libel on America—agrievous misrepresentation—to affirm that the agitationagainst slaveholding was identical, in the Union,with agitation against regular government, or againstthe Sabbath and the Christian religion. Some ofthe best and the holiest men in that republic werein the front of this truly Christian enterprise; and to the more notorious— and he would also say moreabsurd—class of emancipationist, they were not asa body either libertine or infidel. A few individualshad indeed given some appearance of troth to thischarge by their loose sayings. With these he hadno sympathy. But because some men of violentpassions, or erroneous principles, happened to beamong the enemies of a real oppression, was this tomake them more indifferent to the momentous interestat stake—an interest independent of parties, bemight say in some sense of creeds—for it was thecommon Interest of humanity, which even an infidelmight justly plead—though the Christian was boundtenfold to stand forth its advocate. And he mustsay that an uncandid use had been made of thisfact—of some men of lax opinions, in other questions,being found among the asserters of liberty forthe slave.  He did not knew the peculiar opinions of Mr.Garrison; but he could say of him, that through allAmerica, he was admitted to be a man of pure anddisinterested a, in the service of this and many aphilanthropic cause. He was admitted by those whodiffered widely from him, on other questions, to bea most humane, honorable and self-denying philanthropistand citizen. (Cheers.) He held in his hand,at this moment, one of his latest communications toan anti-slavery society—in a meeting at which hewas unable to be present. It was full of scripturalviews—in fact, of scriptural quotations, Dr. Willisread the letter, and then asked if that was infidelity?Was not that Christian pleading? Was there aughtthere to alarm the most Orthodox? (Cheers.) Butobserve, continued Dr. Willis, they who wished tobe more particular in the choice of associates in thiscause, had no longer excuse for inaction. The Britishand Foreign American Society was disjointedfrom him and his immediate associates. The positionof either society was, however, as concernedthe slave, far more Orthodox and more Christianthan the mass of the churches and the clergy in theUnion. It was a lamentable fact, that, with somehonorable exceptions, the professing ministers of thegospel stood back, and looked on with passive un-concernon a system of unrighteousness. Dr. Willisread a statement from the latest report of theAmerican and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, to theeffect that, although the body called Covenanterand Associate Reformed, also, of the Methodists,Friends, Baptists, and Episcopalians were anti-slaveryvery in principle, too many of their religionists,while professing to abhor slavery, were indifferentor opposed to anti-slavery efforts. The AmericanTract Society and the American Sunday SchoolUnion refused to publish any work on the sinfulnessof American slavery, and carefully expurgatedall sentiments offensive to the South, in its reprintsof foreign publications. The American Board ofCommissioners for Foreign Missions allowed theirmissionaries among the Indians to organize and superintendchurches composed, in part, of slaveholdersand slaves. The Presbyterian General Assembly(old school) and the Cumberland Presbyterian Assembly,refused to legislate on the subject of slavery,on the plea, that as spiritual bodies, they hadno cognizance of civil mutters.' Dr. Willis here expressedhis conviction, that when Dr. Duff gave theadvantage of his justly respected name to the certificateof the Orthodoxy of this body, from the Moderatorsof the Free Church Assembly, he most havebeen surely unaware of the position they took onthis great question of religion and morals. In addressingDr. Baird, of New York, as a representativeof the missionary enterprise of that Church, itwas, perhaps, natural enough to pay some tribute tothe body he represented; but whatever praise wasdue to them for orthodoxy in some matters, he mustsay they were far from orthodox in this. ((Cheers.)He apprehended that the encomium pronounced insuch unqualified terms, would be understood to expressapprobation of their genera! coarse as witnessesfor God's truth. Would any present regard asfaithful exponents of the New Testament, or witnessesfor truth, men. who, looking on. while millionswere debarred, by the slave law, even from seeingthe Word of the living God, or from being allowedto search the Scriptures, as the Savior of the worldhad commanded them, would decline to bear anypublic or united testimony against the atrocity?(Sensation.) What a pretext to allege that, as spiritualbodies, they had no cognizance of civil matters!What, not even to remonstrate with legislatures?What Voluntary would defend such an absurdplan? (Hear, hear.) He would do his Voluntaryfriends, in this country, the justice to say—thoughhe himself had always held the principle ofan Establishment—that they would disown such amisrepresentation of their views, as that these requiredsuch a course of inaction on the part of religionsbodies, where so great interests of humanity,and religion, too—nay, liberty of conscience andnatural liberty were at stake. (Cheers.) The PresbyterianGeneral Assembly, (new school,) while theyhad borne testimony against the evils of slavery, andasserted that these should be corrected by discipline,admitted slaveholder, to a seat in their council, andtreated them in all respects as if free from scandal.  

 A slaveholder in Alabama, who had almost became adisbeliever in the Christian religion, had a little sonreturn delighted from school, with a prize which histeacher had given him. The father called his happychild to his side to examine his gift. It was a tract. Fora moment, he looked at it, and then resolved he wouldread it. Its perusal led him to reflection, and then tohis conversion to the religion of Jesus. In looking athis slaves, he felt that he had no right to retain themlonger in bondage; and at once formed the nobleresolution of liberating them. True to his principles,he falters not; but, with trust in God for his futurenecessities, he removes with them to Kentucky, (notbeing able to liberate them in Alabama,) and there,after much instruction and kindest care over them, hemakes them free. His property, which wholly consistedin his slaves, was estimated at a hundredthousand dollars. At once he sacrificed it all, andbecame poor for conscience' sake. For years he wasridiculed by the name of 'abolitionist,' but it movedhim not from his purpose. He has been mobbed andinsulted, even in the free States, yet never did hedodge a single missile hurled at him. The decided Christian, the great philanthropist, theuncompromising abolitionist, we now see in him, allthe fruits of that little tract! What blessing followedthat teacher's gift! Who can tell all the happyinfluences arising from that one Christian act? 'Inthe morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withholdnot thy hand; for thou knowest not which mayprofit, this or that, or that they both be alike good.' ANGELINA J. KNOX. Hyannis, Sept. 1852. 

 A note addressed to the Mirror, in reply to acharge that Mr. Garrison is an 'unprincipled leader,'is met in this wise: 'We have proof to sustain ourown opinion, as undeniable as that oar hemisphereis enlightened by the sun, at the noon-day hour.'—Veryconclusive testimony in support of so grave acharge. But 'a lie well stock to is better than thetruth told waveringly.' As further evidence, we presume,the Mirror asserts that 'it is not an unheardof thing for a man to be governed by the law of contraries.'Somewhat equivocal this. To whom doesthe hint refer—to the accuser, or the defender ofthe accused? It is not material, perhaps; but sinceit is introduced, an explanation seems desirable.—Nextcomes, as additional proof, of course, as extractfrom the British Banner, treating, among otherthing's of the want of efficiency of anti-slaveryorganizations, and the comparative view which certainmen take of these, together with a sprinkling ofthe old controversy between Mr. Tappan and Rev.Mr. Checkering. Mirror Mirror British Banner Mow we submit, in all candor, if this is not quitetoo bad? Here the Christian Mirror, a leading religionsjournal, edited with distinguished ability, andsustained by a large and influential Christian denomination,prefers the serious charge against a fellow-citizenof being an 'unprincipled leader,' whomit loathes and abhors; and when called upon forproof, coolly re-affirms the charge, attempts to excitepersonal prejudice, and would fain divert themind from the real issue to a point which scarcelyhas a collateral bearing upon the question. Christian Mirror We do not agree, any more than the Mirror, withcertain views which Mr. Garrison entertains of theSabbath. We go further, and say that these sentiments,in our estimation, are unsound and of exceedinglydangerous tendency. But there is no morereason to question his sincerity, than there is todoubt the sincerity of the Mirror in holding oppositeviews; nor does the holding of any opinion uponany conceivable subject, necessarily involve a wantof integrity; still less does it furnish the slightestpretext for the accusation of being an 'unprincipledleader.' It is against this charge we protest: and toits proof or its retraction we shall hold the Mirror. Mirror Mirror Mirror. This is not the first time this identical charge hasbeen made by the Mirror against: Mr. Garrison. Itis a little singular that some eight or nine yearssince, it was made in precisely the same form, viz.,that the Mirror had means or facilities for understandingthe character of Mr. Garrison, which itsreaders had not. Now, with due deference, this isall moonshine, the merest sham in the world, aswicked as it is silly, and deceives nobody but theveriest tyro. This is really drawing a little toolargely upon the supposed gullibility of its readers,Few of us, Mr. Mirror, have been crowned with academicalhonors, so that, perchance, we attemptsome things which may be very 'economical oflearning and brains.' But we understand far less ofhuman nature than we have hitherto supposed, if weare likely to be deceived by each miserable flummeryas this. Mirror Mirror Mr. Mirror We doubt the Mirror's knowledge of Mr. Garrison'scharacter. We have long known him to be ashonest man. His whole course completely demonstratesthis fact; and though as a partisan we havefelt the edge of his Damascus blade, yet the evidentsincerity of the thrust has often awakened thethought, which we dare not apply to any I man being:'Though he slay me, yet will I trust to him. Mirror's  

 DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: EAR RIEND ARRISON I have just finished reading the resolutions passedat the Free Democratic State Convention; and I havenoticed, with hopeful feelings, that they have omittedto declare that they have no desire, and do not meanto labor for the overthrow of slavery in the SouthernStates. Last year, you will recollect, at every FreeSoil Convention, a resolution was adopted to this effect:Resolved, that we have no desire to meddlewith the domestic institutions of the States south ofMason &Dixon's line. This year, I repeat, no suchdeclaration has been made. I cannot but view thisomission as a cause of great rejoicing. Although anon-voter, (and determined to continue such, until aradical change takes place,) still, I do believe that alarge number of the members of the Free Democraticparty are in earnest, and live in the hope that, atsome future day, they can strike a blow which willlay the monster—Slavery—low. Others, I am sorryto believe, do not act with the sincerity that onewould naturally expect in a holy cause. This onlyproves the necessity of the abolitionists redoublingtheir efforts, in order the sooner to win all men to thesacred cause of immediate and unconditional emancipation. Allow me to express an opinion to the Free Democrats,through the medium of the Liberator. It isthis: If you (Free Democrats) would be up and agitatingwith all your might, and keep agitating fromnow till election—every speaker of yours on thestump—you could elect your worthy and popularcandidate—Horace Mann—by an overwhelming majority.Try it, and commence immediately. Is notthe object to be accomplished, worthy or great effortsand labor? Liberator. Yours, for increasing exertions, W.H.B. 

 This public impostor said in Faneull Hall theother day, that he formerly pledged himself not tovote for pro-slavery Presidents only while the territorialquestion was open. And is it not open now?Did not he and his 'dad' vow to be true to the BuffaloPlatform, all of it?—to 'repeal all compromises' whichmight be made?—and 'fight ever' till all its principleswere carried out? Certainly. In the summer of 1849, we attended with him thegreat Northwest Convention at Cleveland, and hadfull, free conversation with him respecting the intentionof the N.Y. Bamburners. We told him a fearwas beginning to be felt, that they might not maintaintheir ground. He assured us that there was notthe least occasion for any apprehension. Theywould certainly prove faithful to their public faith,and to those who had generously trusted them.How, said be, can we do otherwise, if we would?Our reputation is all pledged, and however poor, itis still worth something to those of us who haveled off there. Why should we wish to damn ourselvesto infamy? And without us, poor devils aswe may be, the masses will not be likely to retreatNo, you may dismiss all your fears about the Barnburners.We told him the fear lay in regard to thenext Presidential election, but be declared theywould stand the test at all hazards. Now where ishe? But no matter. Christianity, freedom, humanity,has its traitors, whose example is worth morethan their aid. So with Judas; so with Arnold; sowith Van Buren.—Portland Inquirer. Portland Inquirer. JOHN VAN BUREN DEAD!—John Van Buren said,at Cleveland, in 1848:— OHN AN UREN EAD 'I am, however, the unmitigated enemy of slavery,and would have it ABOLISHED WITHOUT DELAY. Isay, therefore, for myself—and I wish to be understoodas speaking for myself alone—that, let whatwill come, I shall, under no necessity whatever, supporta man WHO DOES NOT BELIEVE SLAVERY TO BE ANUNMIXED CURSE, and who will not, by virtue of hisoffice, use all constitutional power to ABOLISH it.'* * * 'I shall tire and DIE by it.' 'I am, however, the unmitigated enemy of slavery,and would have it I shall, under no necessity whatever, supporta man and who will not, by virtue of hisoffice, use all constitutional power to ABOLISH it.'* * * 'I shall tire and DIE by it.' After diligent inquiries, we can find no such VanBuren as is indicated in the above pledge. PrinceJohn would not LIE on any contingency, thereforewe are compelled to the sorrowful conclusion that heis DEAD!—Kenosha Telegraph. Kenosha Telegraph. ☞John Van Buren has just announced atthe Ratification Meeting at Newburg, that 'therewas no longer any Free Soil party; that tit objectshad keen accomplished, and that then was no longerany need of its existence.' He has made a slightmistake. It is John himself who is now no longer—beis finished, and there is now so necessity for hisexistence. John has had the vanity to think that hewas the Free Soil party. He will live to find thedifference,—Salem Freeman. 'therewas no longer any Free Soil party; that tit objectshad keen accomplished, and that then was no longerany need of its existence.' his h Salem Freeman. ☞John resembles the jackass who undertookto drink up the moon. The poor johnass thoughtcomplacently he had drunk up the luminary, whilehe had only drank up the reflection of h la hislittle water-pail—Lowell American. reflection Lowell American. ☞The Cass County, Ala., National Democrat,thus welcomes Van Buren back to the rapturousembraces of the great unterrified:— 'Let them rejoice over it who will. If any of ourDemocratic journals can take to their bosoms thisarch hypocrite, this whiffing, canting demagogue,who deserted his party in the hour of trial—in thehour of her greatest need—let them do it. ☞The editor of the Democrat calculates thatHenry B. Stanton will carry some of the old libertyvotes over to Pierce. Stanton will carry to that sideabout as many votes as Arnold carried soldiers tothe British, when he deserted the American arms.Treachery such as Arnold's and Stanton's has hardlygloss enough to deceive any person.—Kenosha Telegraph. Kenosha Telegraph. ☞The Boston Atlas gives us the followinghistory of John Van Buren's recent political sowerset: 'There was a man in Gotham town,Who was not wondrous wise,He jumped into a Free Soil bush,And scratched out both his eyes.And when he found his eyes were out,With all his might and main,He jumped into a Hunker bush.And scratched them is again!'        'PRINCE JOHN.'—This political stager has beento Hillsboro' and Faneuil Hall, trying to apologizefor his present position and political omerset, to thefreemen of New England, but, if he is-correctly reported,be makes himself not only an ass, but a mostridiculous ass. RINCE OHN.  ridiculous He claims that the question of slavery in this nationis no longer an open question, &c Poor man!it is most unfortunate for him, that he has thus deliberatelyconcluded to deceive himself, and makeshipwreck of his professed principles. His folly isonly equalled by the man who shots his eyes at midday,and declares there is no son, or by him who getsupon the railroad track, and declares there is noengine advancing to harm him. John Van Burenwill sometime, perhaps, have occasion to know thesun of Liberty has not set, neither has the car ofFreedom ceased to move. He may hug his delusion,till aroused by the wheel of progress thatcrushes his hopes to the dust; but sooner or later hewill be made to reel the doom of a traitor. No man can go back in any righteous cause withoutmeeting a Webster's fate. People at once loseconfidence in such a man, and they will never givehim their suffrage. Poor John, fit associate of Rowdy Rynders, yourinfluence and sphere of action in future will be mainlylimited by the walls of Tammany Hall, and evenwin be despised. Heaven help you!—FitchburgNews. FitchburgNews. ☞The Columbus Times, a Pierce and Kingoracle in Georgia, avows its willingness to supportthe nominees of its party, in spite of the bad companyinto which that resolve throws it—saying: Columbus Times Prince John has publicly renounced his heresiesand given in his adhesion to the Baltimore DemocraticPlatform, and declared that the fugitive clauseof the Constitution is binding and must be enforced.But, we are not going to defend John Van Buren.He has much repentance in 'sackcloth and ashes' togo through, before sound Democrats anywhere willforgive him for his mischievous vagaries.' John seems to be of the same opinion, and is undergoingthe 'sackcloth and ashes' has hard on heknows how. We move, that in consideration of hisprofound penitence, his purgatorial term, be reducedto ten years at farthest.—N.Y. Tribune. N.Y. Tribune. 

 Population of the United States—part and Future.—WilliamDarby has communicated to the National Intelligencerthe following synopsis of the population ofthe United States, according to the several censuseshitherto taken with the probable aggregate at eachdecennial numbering during the next century—viz.: Population of the United States—part and Future. National Intelligencer TABLE I.—Population of the United States, as recordedin the Tabular view of the Seven Enumerationsmade by the Decennial Census, 1970 to 1850, inclusive: ABLE Table  Table  TABLB II.—Prospective View of the Population of theUnited States from 1860 to 1950, inclusive, on theratio of one and a third decennially, as found byTable I, very nearly: Table  Table  

 Under such an indignant heading in a prominentpolitical paper, we expected to find the exposure ofsome base attempt to injure the moral character of afavorite candidate. We glanced it over, and found afollowing slanderous imputation 'triumphantly refuted'.'Somebody, it seems, had reported that Gen. Scotthad at one time said that 'he would soonercut off his right hand than to give sanction and supportto slavery,' or had used words to that effect.such a 'calumny,' of course, was not to be endured,nor suffered to pass without instant and full contradiction. 'triumphantly refuted'. calumny Investigation proved most fortunately, that theGeneral had never been guilty of so black a crime,and his garments are shown to be unspotted withany stain of the love of freedom. He is, it wouldseem, above suspicion, consecrated to the uses ofslavery, and the foul, calumnious report that he is atall favorable to justice and liberty,—this 'calumny'is fairly nailed. We have seen nothing which marksmore clearly the character of the present politicalcontest, revealing features which ought to fill everymo American with mortification and disgust. We have heard of an infidel Society, in this city,which requires its members, as a test of admission,to abjure the Bible and faith in Jesus Christ. Here, it would seem, are two great political organizationwhose qualifications for membership requirethat a man should renounce all love of righteousness,all regard for human rights, all faith in humanprogress, and the sum of whose creed is, 'I believein Southern slavery, and in its commands as myhighest and only rule of Conduct; and to these, theinterests of my country, the general hope of theworld, my own conscience, and the law of God,shall, to the utmost of my power, be made to bend.What slaveholders decide upon, I regard as finallysettled beyond change or repeal; and however lowothers may bow before the throne of iniquity, I willendeavor still to surpass them in subserviency.' When, before, has it been necessary in a Presidentialcanvass, to strip a candidate of his manhood,to sedulously disrobe him of every noble qualificationwhich ought to commend him to the regard oftrue men, and prove him to be utterly destitute ofevery lofty aspiration that beltings to the genuineAmerican soul, before he can be considered eligibleto office? When, before, have partisans watched their chiefwith trembling anxiety, lest he should be betrayedinto some expression favorable to freedom? Whenhas it been thought a sin and a dishonor to stand upbefore the world as the manly foe of oppression?—When,before, have parties sunk so low, as to boastand chuckle over their ability to prove that their candidatesnever had been known, except as the fastand devoted friends of chattel slavery? When,before, would not a party writer have blushed todesignate as a 'calumny,' a report that a candidatewas unwilling to extend and perpetuate the over-shadowingcurse of our country? calumny The love of liberty has become a crime in ourland of liberty; and a report that a man does notworship at the altar of slavery is dangerous to hisreputation, and must be contradicted and nailed as acalumny.' Will the Christians of this country votefor men who consider themselves 'slandered' in beingcalled the enemies of oppression?' land of liberty 

 Table  Table  

 Gov. Seward was to have been the curator forthe Phi Beta Kappa, [of Yale College) next year, andthe appointment, says the New Haven Register, wasslyly made; but Judge Cone, of Georgia, and otherdistinguished Southern gentlemen, gave them tounderstand that if such men were to be selected, thefriends of the college North would soon have theseexercises to themselves, and must look for supportamong the same classes. The appointment of Mr.Seward was then reconsidered and revoked.—Earning Mirror. Register Earning Mirror. Gov. Seward, it is just possible, may some day bePresident of the United States; and, if he evershould be, he will owe his elevation for less to hisfriends than to such inconceivable block beads asthis 'Judge Cone of Georgia,' who are perpetuallygiving him a prominence and a hold on the affectionsof the People of the North, which his own sets, howeverdeserving, would fail to command. He is anable man, but by no means the only NorthernStatesman who is faithful to the traditions and theconviction, of a freedom-loving people. Why then,should the poor tricksters, who seek to fabricate forthemselves a little temporary and factitious popularityout of the tremors of timorous slaveholders, bemaking a perpetual bugbear of' Seward!' 'Seward!'He may deserve honor, but not at the expense ofall his contemporaries. As to the managers of Yale, it may be that theyare the truckling, time-serving, pusillanimouscreatures we find them above represented; but weare loth to believe it on no better authority thanthat of the New Haven Register. It seems unaccountablethat men not known as thimble-riggers,nor courting notoriety as devoid alike of principleand manhood, could be driven to revoke their own appointmentof Orator by such sheer bullying as thatwe find attributed to 'Judge Cone of Georgia.'How he could have made his proposition to menwho are neither 'house-servants' nor 'field-hands,'without expecting to be kicked incontinently out oftheir presence, we do not comprehend. If be did,however, thus bully Yale out of an appointment ofOrator already made, be deserves a statue of congenialbrass, and they a full suit of sheepskin, eachfor their unconscionable servility. Ah! Mr. Webster!when shall we see our confident prediction,that 'then will be a North' fairly realized? Register. 

 Congressional Appropriations.—The following tableshows the aggregate of the various items in the appropriationbills passed by Congress at its recent session:— Congressional Appropriations. Table  Table  

 The Underground Railroad from the neighboringslave States to the Canadian Line was never doinga better business than it is this season, in defiance ofthe fugitive bill. The slaves and abolitionists havejust been hording a great Convention, in which theyhave decided that there is a 'higher law' than thatof slave-catching—that Canada is a free country,and that the Underground Railroad cars shall carryrefugees to it both night and day, free of cost tothem, anvil Daniel Webster or Lewis Cass is electedPresident of the United States, or chattel slaveryis abolished. In a single day mat week, there wavenot leas than sixty-five colored emigrants landed atthis place from the South, among whom there was abride and groom from Maysville, Ky. The husbandlearned, about six boors before he started for Canada,that he was sold to a slave-trader, who was goingto take him from his family the next morning in achain-gang for New Orleans; but the husband andwife resolved that they would never again close theireyes for sleep until they had made a vigorous effortto escape the approaching coffee gang, for freedom.For this dangerous undertaking they had only fivecents in money, and no craft in which they couldsafely venture acnes the river Ohio. After walkingup and down the river bank, they found an oldskiff with the bottom partly out of it which wasthrown away. They launched it into the water, andsaw that it would be very likely to sink before theycould paddle it across, and yet they ventured to runthe risk, for the sake of freedom; and when theylanded on the other shore, the boat was nearly filledwith water. They had not proceeded far before theyfound a depot of the above railroad, which soonwaited them to this place; and, the best of all, theyhad not proceeded far before the wife had theunspeakable joy of meeting her own brother in thestreets of Windsor, whom she had not seen forseveral years, who had also made hip way to Canada.This was truly a happy greeting.—Price of theFugitive. Price of theFugitive. 

 Suffrage in England.—The London Herald compliesfrom the returns of the late election in England,the following sum total of the votes cast:— Suffrage in England. Herald Table  Table  

 A few weeks since, Mr. Core, a planter of FayetteCounty, was in one of his fields, some distance fromhis residence, when be perceived approaching himfrom the woods a stout, able-bodied negro man. Mr.Core awaited his approach, thinking he belonged toone of his neighbors, and had been sent open someerrand. He came boldly up to Mr. C. and accostedhim thus: 'Your name is Mr. Core; I am a runaway, andhave long wished to have a conversation with you.I do not fear being apprehended—I am well armed—{exhibiting to Mr. C. a splendid braee of pistolsand a bowie knife}—but I have long wanted to seeyou. In the first place, I wish to pay you, as yournegroes have been feeding me for several months,and I have plenty of money—(pulling out of hispocket as he spoke, a large roll of bank notes)—andI assure you, I never murdered any man to get it. Igot it by robbing houses in Memphis'—(namingmany houses here, and exhibiting to Mr. C. a largebunch of false keys.) Mr. C., doubting the propriety of attempting toarrest him, as he was alone, concluded be wouldquestion him about two runaways who had been gonesometime, and asked the negro if be knew them, andwhen he had seen them. The negro promptly repliedthat he did know them, and volunteered to assistMr. C. in arresting them, and told him if hewould meet him alone at the cams place the nextday, he would carry him where he could arrest bothof the negroes, as they had been very troublesometo him, and he wanted to get rid of them. Mr. C. promised to meet him at the place and timeappointed, but instead of going alone, he took withhim his overseer and another young man, and secretedthem, armed with double-barrelled guns, in thevicinity of the place of meeting. At the appointedtime the runaway made his appearance, but insteadof finding Mr. C. alone, found the two gentlemenwith their guns levelled upon him. He at once surrenderedand gave up his weapons, begging themnot to tie him, as he wanted to be taken, and was.tired of staying out, having been in the woods nearfive years; that he belonged to a gentleman inAlabama; and that he would still go with them andshow them the two negroes, as he had promised.They concluded to trust him, and all fear proceededin company to an old deserted cabin, hard by. Uponon approaching the cabin, oar hero informed hiscaptors that the two negroes were in it—that therewas but one door and no window—that if they wouldsuffer him to approach the cabin first, as soon theyentered the door he might close up, and thus capturethem with his assistance. They agreed to this plan,and he proceeded cautiously toward the cabin, andand he entered the door beckoned to them to rush up.They did so; but, lo and behold! they perceived aback window, through which their prisoner hadjumped, and mounting the overseer's horse, madegood his—Memphis (Tenn.) Eagle. Memphis (Tenn.) Eagle. 

 The Atlantic Steamers.—The statement relative tothe business of the Collins and Conrad lines of oceansteamers shows that, during the year 1851, therewere carried by the former line, 4156 passengers, andby the latter, 4118. The average length of westernpassages performed by the Collins line was 10 days21 hours and 10 minutes; of the Cunrad, 11 days, 4hours, and 13 minutes. The amount of CustomHouse duties paid by the former was $2,122,537.56;by the latter, $2,829,001.31. The Atlantic Steamers. ☞Dr. Beman of Troy remarked in a sermon, lately,that if Franklin tamed the lightning, ProfessorMorse taught it the English language. taught it the English language. THE NATIONAL ERA numbers 20,000 subscribers.Its friends take an active personal internet in its circulation.Individuals canvass whole townships—procuringnames and advance payment. One of those says,'I send you $27 and 46 names for the Era.' Another:'I enclose $18 for 46 new subscribers.' Another: 'Aftera little exertion, I have succeeded in getting 30new subscribers to the Era.' Another sends $5, another$3, and thus within a few weeks have three thousandnew subscribers been added to the list. HE ATIONAL RA Era. Era. three thousand This is the way to do it. Let the friends of theStandard, the Liberator, the Freeman, and the Bugle, imitatethis example, and they may all be placed beyondembarrassment, and made remunerative to the associationswhich now in part carry them as dead weights. Standard Liberator Freeman Bugle Nucleus of a Library.—At a supper given to John P.Hale, at Cleveland, Ohio, he related, as a fact for theencouragement of young men, that, a few days before,he was in Boston, and was introduced into a large roomso filled with books, that there was not vacant roomenough for a 'New England Primer.' A lady askedhim if he would like to see the 'unclean' of the library.He replied yes. She showed him a Latin dictionary,purchased by the owner when a boy, with moneyobtained by the sale of blue berries. The owner wasthe son of a farmer, and commenced his library in thatway. He is now familiar with the languages of the pastand present, a man of thought, and that man it TheodoreParker. Nucleus of a Library. Underground Railroad.—One evening last week, afamily of fifteen fugitives, (including children andgrand children,) came into this village by the mailtrain, and stopped over night. Their fare had beenpaid to Dunkirk by the liberality of some friends alongtheir route from the South. Notice was soon given tothose who eagerly embrace the opportunity of speedingon the panting fugitive, and further means raised to carrythem to Canada. It was deemed prudent to send inadvance to Dunkirk, lest the slave-catcher might lie inwait for his moveable 'chattels,' and according M.F.Lucas and Daniel Deming went on in the morning toguard against surprise. Providentially, all was safe.The family left in the afternoon, reaching Dunkirk atnight, and were soon safely housed in one of the uplakesteamers, Mr. Lucas accompanying them. Thenoble Captain, on reaching Detroit river, took occasionto wood and water at Malden, on the Canada side, thusenabling the fugitives to avoid the risk of a recaptureat Detroit. Language cannot express their gratefulfeelings when they trod on the free soil of Canada. Theplatforms of both parties seem to be of but little accountin this village, as Whigs, Democrats and FreeDemocrats joined heartily in expressing their sympathicsfor the flying bondmen. The underground railroadis in fine working order; rarely does a collisionoccur—and once on the track, passengers are sentthrough between sun and sun,—Corning Journal. Underground Railroad. fifteen occasion free soil Corning Journal. ☞The Empire City has arrived at New Orleanswith advices from Havana to the 19th. Arrests werebeing made daily throughout the Island, of partiessupposed to be connected with the filibusters. Acouncil of war was to be held, on the 23d, for thetrial of the eleven prisoners concerned in the publicationof the Voice of the People. The government hadreceived intelligence that 1200 stand of arms hadbeen landed near Cienfuegos, and that 200 had beenseized by the military authorities in the vicinity. Theremainder were carried to the mountains and secretedby the country people. All American papers, withoutexception, are prohibited, and spies swarm inevery direction. The Captain-General had stationedtroops in all parts of the Island, and was making vigorousexertions to suppress the least attempt at insurrection. Voice of the People. Kidnapping.—According to the Cincinnati Gazette,the practice of kidnapping free negroes is becomingquite common in that city. An attempt was maderecently by two fellows from Kentucky to kidnap afree colored boy, the son of Rev. Mr. Williams, aworthy Baptist clergyman of that city. The boy wasseized, and without the aid of any papers, legal orillegal, committed to the watch house. A clerk whosaw the outrage, informed a lawyer, who obtained awrit of habeas corpus, which so alarmed the kidnappersthat they abandoned their prey. The Gazette hasbeen informed of more than a dozen attempts at kidnappingin that city within three months. In oneinstance an offer of $250 in gold was made to a policeman,to aid in capturing a stout colored man, againstwhom the captors acknowledged that they had nopapers. Kidnapping. Gazette habeas corpus Gazette The New Postage Law.—This new law, regulatingthe transmission of printed matter through the mails,went into operation on the 30th of September. Nomore than one cent postage can now be charged onthe largest newspaper sent to any part of the Union;and one half that rate when circulated in the Statewhere published. Transient or casual newspapers,hitherto under interdict, may be sent under this lawat as low a rate as if they were sent regularly, if paidin advance; otherwise, double the rate. Weeklynewspapers free in the county of publication. Thereduction of the tax on the conveyance of Books is avery liberal one. Tracts and Pamphlets will also besent much lower than hitherto, and books, not weighingover four pounds, shall be deemed mailable matter,at one cent an ounce for all distance under 3000miles. The New Postage Law. ☞Miss Caroline Weston, (sister of Maria W.Chapman,) who has spent the last two or three yearsin Paris, came home last week in the Niagara.—Amongall the noble women of the country, there arenone more devoted to the cause of the slave, and fewcapable of rendering that cause more importantservice, than Miss Weston. Her departure left avacancy in our ranks which no one but herself couldworthily fill, and therefore her return will be hailedas a welcome event.—Penn. Freeman. Penn. Freeman. ☞The Slave Trade does not appear to have beensuppressed. Late African advices, received in England,state that two steamers, with 1000 slaves, hadlately got away from the Gallinas. The Governor ofSierra Leone had received information of 2000 slavesbeing ready for embarkation within ten miles ofLightbourne's factory in the Rio Pongos, with everypreparation made for resistance until the 'stock'leave the barracoons. Singular Occurrence.—The Thomaston Miscellanystales that the schooner Lefrette, which arrived atRockland a few days since, landed a cook, dangerouslynick with the Charges fever, who, after lingering aday or two in the poor house, died. The body wasascertained to be that of a woman. It appears thatshe had been aboard the last schooner about 14months; she would go aloft with alacrity, and did allher work promptly. Singular Occurrence. Dreadful Catastrophes.—On Monday morning a mostcalamitous circumstance occurred in one of the islandsof Arran, by which fifteen unfortunate men have beenswept from time into eternity in a single moment. Allof them were fishing with lines on a cliff, when, notwithstandingthat the weather was calm, a suddenwave broke over the cliff on which they were standing,and washed them into the drop. Only four ofthe bodies have been found. Many of these poorfellows have loft large families to mourn over theirirreparable loss. Dreadful Catastrophes. Death of Hon. Benjamin Thompson.—We are calledupon to record the third death in the Congressionaldelegation from this State, which has occurred withina few weeks. Hon. Benjamin Thompson, of DistrictNo. 4, died after a brief illness, at his residence inCharles town, on Friday afternoon last. Death of Hon. Benjamin Thompson. ☞A successful trial of Phillips's Fire Annihilatorshas been made at Utica, N.Y., which is attestedby the Mayor. City Government, and other magnatesof that place. ☞A Mr. D.S. Brown announces that he hasinvented a ship to reach America in forty-eight hours,and make the voyage to India and back in a fortnight.His theory is by making the bottom in the form oftwo inclined planes united upwards, to throw thewhole hull of the vessel upon the surface, and byconstructing the hull of lighter materials, in geometricshape, he hopes to give a steamship the velocity of arailroad locomotive. forty-eight hours A Whole Family Poisoned.—Anthony Menkins, ajeweler, of St. Louis, together with his whole family,six in number, were poisoned last Sunday morning inconsequence of partaking of food into which a quantityof arsenic had been put. Two mulatto girls inhis employ are suspected of having committed thecrime. One of the daughters is dead—the others areslowly recovering. A Whole Family Poisoned. Yeas and Nays on Mr. Sumner's motion to repeal thefugitive act.—Yeas—Messrs. CHASE, HALE, SUMNERand WADE—4. Yeas and Nays on Mr. Sumner's motion to repeal thefugitive act.—Yeas—Messrs. HASE ALE UMNER ADE Nays—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Borland,Bradbury, Bright, Broadhead, Brooke, Butler,Cass, Charlton, Clarke, Clements, Cooper, Dawson,De Saussure, Dodge, of Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Fish,Geyer, Gwia, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, James,Janes, of Iowa, King, Mallory, Mangum, Mason,Merriweather, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk,Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance, Toucey, Underwood,Uphem, Walker and Weller—47. Honor to the memorable 4! Maine.—There were 94,651 votes thrown in Maineat the last election, the largest ever thrown. In thegreat avalanche of 1840, 92,813 were thrown—a figurewhich the returns have never begun to reach till thisyear. Then Harrison had 46,612, and Van Buren46,201. Maine. ☞Five young girls one day recently entered thebaths on the Rhine, at Cologne. They were heardlaughing and talking in the bathing room which theyoccupied, when suddenly the noise ceased. Themaster of the establishment, feeling alarmed, openedthe door, and found that the flooring had given away,and that the whole party had fallen through into theriver, and been carried away by the stream. ☞Ex-Governor Badger of New Hampshire, diedat Gilmantown, on Wednesday, of disease of the brain,at the age of 73 years and 8 months. New Invention.—An ingenious mechanic of Nashua,N.H., has invented a new method of driving circularsaws without an arbor. With a saw arranged as hehas it, a four foot saw will cut a board three andhalf feet wide, while as now arranged, a four foot sawwill hardly cut one and one half feet. It is alsoarranged so that it will cut when the carriage is goingeither way, and will, at the same time, saw nearlytwice as fast. New Invention. ☞In Dauphin Co., Va., are to be seen the smallestspecimens of humanity probably in existence, viz.:two brothers, perfect in every respect, the elder threeyears, old, seventeen inches in height, and weighingonly seven pounds: the younger, six months old,weighing only three pounds. The parents are verylarge persons, the father weighing two hundred andfour pounds and the mother four hundred and ninety-sixpounds. Fugitive Slaves Arrested.—An advertisement appearedin the Republican a few days since, giving notice ofthe escape, on the 4th inst., from Ste. Genevieve county,of nine slaves, and offering a reward of $1,600 fortheir apprehension. A search was made for them lastweek by some police officers from this city, but withno success. Yesterday, however, three of the slaveswere brought here in the custody of Messrs. Meld,Lane and Moore, citizens of Alton, by whom they hadbeen arrested.—St. Louis Rep. 19th. Fugitive Slaves Arrested. Republican St. Louis Rep. 19th. NEW YORK, Sept. 25. EW ORK Great Fire and Less of Life.—The large steam confectionand chocolate factory of Messrs. K.S. Mendez&Stenleus, in Duane street, was destroyed by firethis morning. Loss about $300,000; partially insured.Arthur Evans, a fireman, was killed while onduty by the falling of a hoist wheel. Great Fire and Less of Life. Death by an Explosion of Camphens.—Yesterdayafternoon, a woman named Rebecca Doyle, aged 24,together with her infant, seven months old, were burntto death, in this city, by the explosion of a camphenelamp. Death by an Explosion of Camphens. PHILADHLPHIA, Sept. 26. HILADHLPHIA Accidents.—Mr. Henry Adair, while on his way tothe Whig meeting at Pottsville, was run over by thecars of the Reading Railroad yesterday, at Phenixville,and had his arm crushed. Accidents. ☞A passenger train was thrown from the trackyesterday, near Pottsville, by which two gentlemenwere severely crushed, and several others slightlyinjured. NORWALK, Sept. 27. ORWALK A woman known as Mrs. Burns, living in thisvicinity, was walking on the railway track, under abridge, half a mile below this place, and was struckby the cars of the 8 o'clock train from New York, inpassing, and instantly killed. A Man Killed on the Valley Railroad.—On Saturdaylast, the morning train to Bellows Falls, ran onto and killed Amos Fayrbrother, a little below West-Ministerstation. A Man Killed on the Valley Railroad. BOSTON, Sept. 25. OSTON Anti-Maine Law Demonstration.—The house of theMayor of Lynn—a friend to the Maine Liquor Law—wasentered this morning very early by severalrowdies, who defaced the exterior, and soiled thecarpets with blacking, &c. They effected their entranceby breaking a window. Anti-Maine Law Demonstration. ☞Mike Walsh, the notorious rowdy, is the Democraticcandidate for Congress in the Fourth Districtof New York. PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 25. Ole Bull presented himselfin Independence Hall to-day, and took the necessaryoath to become a citizen. HILADELPHIA Monsters.—The Barre Patriot states that Mr. Wm.Cowee, of West Brookfield, has now growing in hisgarden a cucumber four feet in length, minus oneinch. He has another of the same species, which isabout three feet long. This statement is made uponthe authority of a gentleman who has measured thosevegetable monsters. Monsters. PURITY of ELECTIONS. Henry B. Belt, the defeatedcandidate for Sheriff in St. Louis county, Missouri,has given notice, that he will contest the election ofJohn M. Wimer, on the ground that 414 persons,whose names he gives, voted, who were not citizensof the United States; that 164 voted twice, 30 voted3 times, 9 voted 4 times, and 8 voted 5 times; and hegive the name of each individual. URITY LECTIONS. ☞The entire steam tonnage of Great Britain issaid to be 142,080 tons; of the United States 472,113tons. We have some 625 seagoing boats, and 765river and lake steamers; and our internal steam marineexceeds the whole English steam tonnage by62,000 tons. ☞An English publisher, named Thomas Bosworth,who is publishing an edition of Uncle Tom'sCabin, has written to Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe,the author of that popular work, that he shall bepleased to remit her the sum of six cents a copy uponall the sales he may make. This is doing the handsomething, and shows Mr. Bosworth to be a man ofhonor. The Atlas says that Geo. T. Curtis, the slavecatching Commissioner, who wrote the Webster Address,is neither an 'eminent Whig' nor a 'sterlingWhig.' Exactly. He is only a distinguished Curtis. Atlas Davis's Case.—The sentence of death on Thomas Davishas been commuted to imprisonment for life, by aunanimous vote of the Council. Davis's Case. ☞The postmaster at St. Louis recently receiveda letter from Ireland, inquiring for a lucky emigrant,named Robert Baldwin, who has become heir to nearly$100,000. ☞At a meeting of the Free Soilers of Waltham,the Rev. John Pierpont, of Medford, was selected astheir first choice for Congress, from the 7th District. Where shall he go?—The old line Democrats ofNew York, at their State Convention, kicked JohnVan Buren out of doors. Where shall he go? ☞The N.Y. Mercantile Library Association willgive Mr. Webster $500 for a lecture at the opening oftheir Course, next winter. ☞The Lynn News states that the number ofshoes made in that city, last year, was 4,571,400 pairs,or 14,000 pairs per day, or 1200 pairs per hour, or 20pain per minute, or one pair every three seconds. Lynn News ☞Caleb Vaughn, one of the hands on the freighttrain of the Stonington Railroad, was wounded, probablymortally, between Shannock and Kingston, onFriday morning last. ☞A jury in Shenandoah county, Va., has rendereda verdict of $9,000 against a stage company, infavor of a passenger, whose leg was broken so as tomake him a cripple for life, by the upsetting of oneof the company's stages. ☞Col. Singleton, a prominent citizen of Columbia,S.C., died suddenly, on Monday, at his residence. KINGSTON, Sept. 24th. INGSTON Death of John Venderlyn, the Artist.—Joan Vanderlyn,the celebrated American Artist, died suddenly,last night, at the Kingston Hotel. Death of John Venderlyn, the Artist. ☞It is estimated by the letter-writers from theSouth, that the cotton crop, this year, will be thelargest ever raised, and that it Will reach 3,500,000bales. Curious Mail Matter.—The Lowell News says that acouple of live mice were received in a sealed letter,through the Post Office in that city, last week. Theycame from North Billerica. This is the first instancewe ever knew of the mail bag being used as a rattrap. Curious Mail Matter. News Ole Bull.—The Philadelphia North American saysOle Bull, the great violinist, has purchased 120,000acres of land in Potter county, Pennsylvania, for thepurpose of founding thereon a colony of his Norwegiancountrymen. The vanguard of the enterprise,consisting of some thirty hardy looking men, have alreadyarrived at Condersport, in that county. Ole Bull. North American ☞R.T. Duncanson, a colored man of Cincinnati,has painted a large subject from Paradise Lost,which is spoken of by the western papers as a work ofdecided genius. It is now on exhibition at Pittsburgh. ☞The Cambridge Chronicle states that trusteesof Mount Auburn are about to erect a towersixty-two feet in height, on the top of the highest hillin Mount Auburn, which will enable visitors to viewthe beautiful scenery of the surrounding country. Chronicle ☞Robert Owen has reached his 82d year, and isis good health. ☞John Newell, of Boston, has produced an articlecalled 'Newell's Patent Safety Lamp and LampFeeder,' which does away with all fear of explosionin the burning of Camphene, Burning Fluid, or anyexplosive compound now used in the production oflight. The utility and efficiency of this invention iscertified to by Dr. Charles T. Jackson and Dr. AugustusA. Hayes, two eminent chemists and men ofscience. ☞Daniel Webster took two prizes at the MassachusettsHorticultural Exhibition in Boston, last week,for vegetables grown on his Marshfield farm. Daniel'ssquash vines run better than he does. Probably theLobos guano is better for them than Scott soup is forhim. ☞Mr. Fenno, who was drowned in Boston harbor,at different times, the good fortune so rescueno less than nine persons from watery graves;and his untimely end, in view of this fact, is rendereddoubly deplorable. nine The Springfield Republican says S.D. Nims, of Palmer,has made an invention for ringing a bell at everyrailroad crossing when the cars are within half a mileof it. It consists of a gear, operated upon by theflangs of to the car wheels, which communicates motionto the bell by a wire. Republican ☞The proprietors of Grace Church have erecteda 'spite fence' against one of their neighbor's houses,at an expense of over $2000, because the windows ofthat neighbor's house overlook Rev. Dr. Taylor's flowergarden! Great business for a church. 'Oh, Graceious!' Graceious ☞The Boston Christian Observer, a pro-slaveryBaptist paper, established some two years since, byMr. Nichols, formerly publisher of the ChristianWatchman, has ceased to exist. ☞The Hon. Samuel H. Walley has been nominatedas the Whig candidate for Congress from DistrictNo. 4. A Plank.—A vessel arrived lately at Portsmouth,Eng., on board of which was a plank which is statedto exceed in size any piece of wood yet cut. It wasintended for the World's Fair, but it was too late forthe purpose, no vessel being within reach whichcould accommodate it. This plank is 248 feet long,22 inches broad, and 6 inches in thickness. A Plank. Death of a Genius.—Dr. Geo. B. Champlin died atCuba, N.Y., last week. He was born in New London,Conn., in 1792; and in the course of his life hadbeen an author, a printer a doctor, &c. Death of a Genius. 

 Thomas H. Boston, after serving thirty years inthe United States Senate, has bean elected to theHouse of Representatives as the opponent of theFugitive Slave Law, and the tyranny of the SlavePower. In a congratulatory speech, made after theelection, the following singular remarks occur: 'I have gone through a contest to which I had doheart, and into which I was forced by combinationsagainst life and honor, and from which I gladlyescape. What is a seat in Congress to me? Ihave sat thirty years in the highest branch of Congress,have made a name to which I can expect toadd nothing, and I should only be anxious to savewhat has been gained. I have domestic affections,sorely lacerated in these latter times; a wife whomI have neglected, and who needs my attentions nowmore than ever—children, some separated from methe wide expanse of ocean* and continents,others by the slender bounds which separatetime from eternity. I touch the age which thePsalmist assigns for the limit of manly life; andmost be thoughtless indeed if I do not think; of somethingbeyond the fleeting end shadowy pursuits ofthis life, of all which I have seen the vanity. Whatis my occupation? Ask the undertaker, that good Mr.Lynch, whose face, present on so many mournful occasions,has become pleasant to me. He knowswhat occupies my thoughts and cares, gathering thebones of the dead—a mother—a sister—two sons—agrand child—planting the cypress over assembledgraves, and marking the spot where I and those whoare dear to me are soon to be laid: all on the sunsetside of the Father of Floods, the towering cityof St. Louis on one band, the rolling streams of theMissouri on the other; and where a cemetery oflarge dimensions is to be the future metropolis ofunnumbered generations. These are my thoughtsand cares, and the undertaker knows them.' 

 The Managers of the National Anti-Slavery Bazaarfeel it unnecessary, on the present occasion, to enterupon any fall or detailed exposition of their principlesor objects. These have been avowed and pursued forso many years, and with so much publicity, as torender such a procedure superfluous. We would net,at the same time, lose sight of the great fact, thatthere may be many among us, whose consciences andhearts have been but recently aroused to a sense ofthe importance of this great question, who, thoughfeeling much, may be doing little, and who wouldgladly welcome a medium by which their exertionswill be made effective toward the overthrow of AmericanSlavery. To such, we would submit the verybriefest outline of our principles and aim. feeling doing We regard the idea of property in man as unparalleled,whether considered in respect to its atrocity orabsurdity—consequently, that all legislation basedthereon is in the highest degree criminal. Any otherdoctrine outrages every intellectual perception andevery human instinct. Considering the above a self-evident proposition,underlying all religion and all morality, apart fromwhose recognition the words right, justice, becomemeaningless, we esteem its opponents, whether slaveholdersor the apologists of slaveholding, as implicatedin guilt of the most fearful description, both againstthat God 'who has made of one blood all nations ofmen,' and against their fellow-men generally, therights of all being perilled by the enslavement of any. The promulgation of this doctrine is the end andaim of our association. By its presentation to individualhearts and consciences the country through, wewould arouse so deep a spirit of personal repentanceand self-sacrifice as shall result in a national contritionand reformation. When this is accomplished, theAmerican slave is free. No obstacles exist now, savethose that ambition, and avarice, and cruelty, andkindred vices supply. When the heart of the nationbecomes repentant, we may easily trust it to find thebeat modes of action for the accomplishment of its will.To this result, and this only, our funds are devoted.We have nothing to do with creeds or parties, withpolitical enginery or theological warfare. In thename of the common Father of all, and in behalf ofhumanity, in its most suffering and outraged form,we appeal for help to all of every class, creed, climeor nation. Great as is the work, few and humble asare the laborers, we feel exonerated from all chargeof presumption or folly as respects its undertaking.We are working in harmony with agencies vast asinscrutable, and it is not for us to draw back from thisfield of moral conflict, because to human vision thecontending parties are so unequally matched. We entreat that this appeal may be considered apersonal one to all whose eyes it shall reach. Weconjure you, the dwellers throughout this broad country,to recognize an individual responsibility in thismatter. Look beyond the petty emotions and interestsof a merely mundane or conventional life, andask, if the question of your duty to three millions ofslaves was not settled for you, by the fact that yourbirth-place was the United States. This cause hasclaims on all, but in an especial manner on thosewho, by the very circumstance of position, must be.if not its opponents, its abettors. We ask your sympathy,your money, your time and influence, and proffera medium through which all may be successfully employed.Any information necessary to individuate orassociations desiring td co-operate with us, may beobtained by application to any member of the undersignedCommittee. your Donations of money, or articles or materials formanufacture, may be sent to any member of the Committee,directed to the Anti-Slavery Office, 21 Cornhill,Boston, 142 Nassau street. New York, or to 31North Fifth street, Philadelphia. Donations for thepublication of the liberty Bell, and communicationsfor the same, may be addressed to A.W. Weston,Weymouth, Mass. ANNE WARREN WESTON, ANNE WARREN WESTON ANN GREENE PHILLIPS, ANN GREENE PHILLIPS LOUISA LORINO, LOUISA LORINO HELEN S. GARRISON, HELEN S. GARRISON CATHERINE SARGENT, CATHERINE SARGENT HENRIETTA SARGENT, HENRIETTA SARGENT MARY GRAY CHAPMAN, MARY GRAY CHAPMAN MARY MAY, MARY MAY SARAH R. MAT, SARAH R. MAT CAROLINE F. WILLIAMS, CAROLINE F. WILLIAMS FRANCES MARY ROBBINS, FRANCES MARY ROBBINS MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN, MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN CAROLINE WESTON, CAROLINE WESTON ELIZA L. FOLLBN, ELIZA L. FOLLBN SUSAN C. CABOT, SUSAN C. CABOT ELIZABETH A. COTTON, ELIZABETH A. COTTON LYDIA PARKER, LYDIA PARKER EVELINA A.S. SMITH, EVELINA A.S. SMITH SARAH SHAW RUSSELL, SARAH SHAW RUSSELL MARIA LOWELL, MARIA LOWELL THANKFUL SOUTHWICK, THANKFUL SOUTHWICK SARAH H. SOUTHWICK, SARAH H. SOUTHWICK ANN R. BRAMHALL, ANN R. BRAMHALL HANNAH TUFTS, HANNAH TUFTS SARAH B. SHAW, SARAH B. SHAW ELIZABETH GAY, ELIZABETH GAY MARY WILLEY, MARY WILLEY ABBY FRANCIS, ABBY FRANCIS CHARLOTTE S. SARGENT, CHARLOTTE S. SARGENT ELIZA F. EDDY, ELIZA F. EDDY MART H. JACKSON. MART H. JACKSON. 

 Col. Boston, in a recent speech at St. Louis, inthe slaveholding Cute of Missouri, in sneaking of'compromises,' makes use of the following pithy andsarcastic language:— 'We want no guardians to save the Union withpatch-work compromises. I scout the whole idea.I saw the compromise of 1836—beard it landed asmuch as this of 1852, and saw H buried like anaborted bastard, at the foot of the garden, withoutmourners or witnesses, when it failed to make anybodyPresident. I saw the attempt at the Compromisebill in 1850—saw it the contrivance of politiciansin a game for the presidency—saw it rail andits champions quit the field, while those who despisedthe juggle, stood and passed the measuresseparately, then saw the measures claimed as thework of those who bad obstructed their passage forsix months—the saw them heralded as the compromisewhich had broken down and was lost—andshall as readily see them abandoned to a bastard'sgrave, as was its boasted predecessor of 1838, assoon as, like H, it fails to make anybody PresidentIt is my prerogative to see through all such jugglings,and despise them. Jefferson, is right. This is thestrongest government on earth, resting as it does,not on the uncertain power of the bayonet, but uponthe unchangeable affections of the people.' Such is the opinion entertained by the old veteranstatesman, Thomas H. Benton, of compromises forsaving the Union. They are got up for as entirelydifferent purpose, namely—to make somebody President—butthe device has most miserably failed. 

 The NINTH COURSE on LECTURES before the Female Anti-Slavery Society, comprising sight in number,will be delivered upon successive Sunday Evenings. INTH OURSE ECTURES  Female Anti-Slavery Society The Introductory Lecture will be given by Rev. O.B. FROTMINGHAM, of Salem, on Sunday Evening,Oct. 3d, at Lyceum Hall, at 7 o'clock. ROTMINGHAM The remainder of the course will be as follows: Oct. 10—Miss S. Holley, of Rochester, N.Y. 17th—Rev.John T. Sergeants, of Boston. 25th—EdmundQuincy, Esq., of Dedham. 31st—Miss Lucy Stone,of West Brookfield. Nov. 7th—Rev. F.P. Appleton, of Danvers. 14th—Wendell Phillips, Esq., of Boston. 21st—Wm.Lloyd Garrison, of Boston. Admittance, 6 1-4 cents. Tickets for the course,37 1-2 cts. E.J. KENNY, Res. Sec'y Res. Sec'y 

 To the Editor of the Inquirer:— To the Editor of the Inquirer: SIR,—Putting England aside, the moral and politicalaspect of Europe, as well as of America, isjust now sufficiently dark. Upon the former, civiland religions death might seem to have fallen. Butin the worst of times, let us never despair. In thevery triumphs of evil, there are omens of a brighterday. The more revolting the extremes in the directionof wrong, the more likely the reaction whichshall insure a return to right. Let us hope forEurope;—we own to being full of hope even forAmerica. A strange moment, some might think, forsuch a hope:—Texas annexed—Mexico conquered—the Fugitive Slave Law passed! Yes; but DanielWebster, the father and framer of the last, at thebottom of the political wheel; and Fillmore, whosigned it—nowhere. And, as against 'Whig' and'Democrat' (both for the iniquitous' compromise,') anow Demonstration developed, which even ourTimes tells us will turn the Presidential election, ifnot yet in its own favor.—yet which way it will, forthe more favorable progress of the principle bywhich itself is bound:—NO FOOT-HOLD FOR SLAVERYTHROUGHOUT AMERICA; WAR TO IT, FOOT ANDBRANCH, WHETHER FEDERAL OR STATE. Such isthe platform of the 'FREE SOILERS,' who will countsome half-million of votes at the election of Presidentin November next. Meantime, the 'moralsuasion' flourishes. 'UNCLE TOM'S CABIN' reckonsits circulation by hundreds of thousands. Andwhereas, but twenty years ago, 'there, was nota single anti-slavery society in America—there arenow many hundreds' May we not, then, thank God,and take courage? But, wh so thanking, how muchthe more must we wonder at the conversation andfeelings we encounter, when thrown into occasionalintercourse,-more especially with reverend visitorsfrom the other side the Atlantic. Such, at least, wasmy wonder, when placed in the circumstances I amnow to relate. IR nowhere. Times not yet O FOOT-HOLD FOR LAVERYTHROUGHOUT MERICA; WAR TO IT, FOOT ANDBRANCH, WHETHER EDERAL OR TATE. REE OILERS NCLE OM'S ABIN  An American minister was lately so polite as tohonor me with a call. With ready and cordialpleasure I heard of his announcement. An Americangentlemen is always an object of interest withme. I was soon very favorably impressed with him.His conversation was agreeable and intelligent;and I was unwilling to hazard allusions which might;possibly dissipate the pleasing prepossessions I hadthus formed. Nevertheless, all obliging suggestionon the part of my visitor opened an opportunitywhich could nut be lost. 'Shall we hope to see you.sir, on our side the Atlantic? It is only a ten days'matter now; and your coming among us-would giveus pleasure.' In perfect good humor, and with somejocularity of manner, though in full earnestness ofmeaning, I replied,—'I feel very grateful, sir, foryour kind desire; but even were I a younger manthan I am, ray resolution would be this:—Whenyour Congress shall have passed a law to emancipateyour slaves, I shall think of crossing the Atlantic—butnot till then.' A discussion forthwith ensued;which I may truly characterize, on his part, us embodyingall the cut and dry fallacies, misinformation's,and misrepresentations, which could be heapedtogether in any one mind, not absolutely itselfinvolved in the horror and sin of slaveholding.'The Constitutional compact,—the necessity of itthen, and the equal necessity now of carrying it out,Fugitive Slave Law and all,—the political danger ofdisruption, and the welfare of the poor slaves in sucha contingency!—the interim which Lancashire andher cotton mills have in Southern Slavery, and nicestcalculations of the value of its cotton wool produce,—look at home, horrible abuses in England, &c.,—violenceof Abolitionists, but above all of WILLIAMLLOYD GARRISON, who ought to have taken a lessonfrom the spirit and tone of William Ellery Channing,'&.C., &.C.. &c. I need not trouble you with my reply:—suffice it to say, that in regard to this last itemin the series-the gentle Charming-the rejoinderwas obvious enough, that he was far too earnest forthe ears and tastes polite of his own city and hisown people, among whom he lost caste for writingas he did; that is to say, for the offence of writingas if he really meant what he wrote in behalf of thedown-trodden slave. 'Pardon me, sir,' I concluded,'it w not the violence but the truth with whichGarrison speaks and writes, which constitutes thegravement of his offence.' the welfare of the poor slaves ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON gentle My visitor thought it was now time to be moving;and my feeling was certainly one of relief, at thetermination of an interview which brought me intosuch an unexpected cognizance of the kind of spiritby which slavery lives in America; and by which,even in its lust maturity of horror, it is enabled towalk in the face of day, under the imposing sanctionof the leaders of manners, the teachers of morals,and the preachers of light. of the kind of spiritby which slavery lives Alas, why is it thus? And why, if faithful to ourconvictions, must we look coldly on men whom wecould honor for so many high attainments, and underwhom ourselves and our people could otherwiseso gladly sit, as gifted expounders of the oracles ofGod, and fervent proclaimers of the riches of Christ?I am reminded of this question by the embarrassmentwe must feel, and the restraint we most put uponthe best promptings of our own hearts, when we findourselves in presence of brethren from the churchesof America, who are not known to us previously, orfrom whom we are unable to gather that they cometo us as sharers in the mighty struggle of their day,and as opponents not to be mistaken or gainsaid ofthat gigantic enormity of their country, whosecharacters of wickedness and shame are standingout, as they have never stood before, under theburning glance of an indignant and astonished world. Let us see the men who throw themselves heartilyinto the cause of THE SLAVE. TO all such our heartsyearn; and to one such, at least-whose modestywe must wound by respectfully naming him. the Rev.Nathaniel Hall, whom we have understood to havelately arrived in England—there is not a heart or ah and that would not be open, in grateful and admiringregard for his published testimony against Slaveryand the Fugitive Slave Law—whose right hedenies, and whose enforcement, by any complianceof his, he solemnly repudiates and abhors. It is suchmen who do us honor in coining to us; and whomwe the more willingly embrace for the hope theybring us, that there are a righteous few, who will yetsave their country, and place her where she ought tobe placed, and where her best friends wish her to beplaced, in front of the nations—with England at herside—as their EXAMPLE, RENERACTRESS, and PROTECTRESS. As for the more tranquil and auxiliary means ofarriving at the same end—disuse of the produce ofslave labor, a practice long established to every availableextent in my own family—it only remains tobid them God speed, as channels at learn of diffusinga right spirit and a right mind, out of which willgrow an increased and increasing resolve, by all truehearts, to leave nothing undone for the exterminationof the Master Sin of the world, THE SLAVE INSTITUTIONof the United States of America. I remain, sir, your much obliged servant, GEORGE ARMSTRONG, B.A. Clifton September 2nd, 1852. 

 An Anti-Slavery Convention will be held inNorthampton, on Sunday, Oct. 17, and another inSpringfield, on Wednesday, Oct. 20—both Conventionsto be attended by Wendell Phillips and Wm.Lloyd Garrison. Further particulars hereafter. 

 Mrs. FRANCKS D. GAGE, in a letter to the PennsylvaniaFreeman, dated at Cleveland, (Ohio,) says— RANCKS AGE Freeman 'Your paper is not devoted to Free Soilism,(though perhaps it may be to a party,) yet I think itsreaders will be glad to hear that the friends of Freedom,who hold the second rank in the army as opposersof human chattelism, are doing earnestwork for the cause. I am not a non-resistant, (thoughperhaps not fur off,) and consequently feel cheeredwith the present prospect of the anti-slavery causein Ohio. Hale has been here making speeches withdecidedly good effect. A dinner, (if a meal eatenat midnight may be so called in this Democraticcountry,) to which ladies were invited, was given himlast evening, In the course of Mr. Hale's remarkson a . (I prefer the word sentiment,) he said thatit was the first time he had ever been present at sucha meeting, where the bottle was excluded and theladies admitted. Whigs and Democrats wore in attendance,and free speech was urged and acted upon,and each spoke his own mind, yet all was harmony.It was a triumph, as I viewed it, in more ways thanone. First, in the exclusion of strong drink;second, in permitting women to mingle in theirfestival; third y, in inviting and treating with kindlycourtesy men of opposing sentiments; and fourthly,that then was as out-spoken disapprobation of thelate hours. So I hope that all will do good.  We also bad a Woman's Rights, or, as it was announcedin the papers, a Freedom meeting, in thetabernacle—Dr. Naviu's church. Your humble servantgive there an address, and was followed byMrs. C.M. SRVERANCE in a beautiful effort. Sheis truly one to do  work for the cause, and herremarks will not be forgotten by those who hatenedThe congregation was compound of people from allparts of the State, who came in, many prompted bycuriosity, no doubt, that would not have ventured athome and from the attention and repented expressionof applause, I think they will go away with asomewhat better impression of us fanatics than thatwith which they came. God grant it may be seedsown in good ground, that shall take foot and bringforth an hundred fold. RVERANCE  fanatics Politicians are struggling with mind and might tokeep the people from agitation, hot the undertone ofsociety is all for freedom, and I earnestly hope Ohiowill yet redeem herself, and speak out the earnestconviction of her great throbbing heart for freedom.' 

 Prof. W.S. BROWN, Author of 'Chemistry for Beginners,'&c., is now ready to enter into engagementswith Lyceum Committees and others, to deliver Lectureson Chemistry and Physiology. His stock ofChemical Apparatus is large, and specially adaptedfor illustrating Popular Lectures. ROWN Chemistry Physiology. Prof. B. would direct particular attention to his nowlecture, prepared for the approaching season, entitled'Poetry and Magic of Science.' ☞Address W.S. BROWN, Blackstone, Mass. ROWN 

 An American correspondent of the PennsylvaniaFreeman, writing from London, says: Freeman C. and myself called on George Thompson, thisafternoon, and presented the letters with which youkindly favored us. After an hour's very entertainingconversation, he politely accompanied as throughBelgrave Square, pointing out to us the residencesof the most aristocratic of the British aristocracy—allof whom are out of down at this season: andshowed us through the rooms of the Reform Club,of which he is a member—a privilege which usshould not readily have obtained, but through hiskindness. And here, let me correct an error concerning thecauses of his recent defeat, which prevails evenamong the anti-slavery people in the United States.Though sectarianism had, undoubtedly, much to dowith his rejection by the tower hamlets, the Londonbrewers had more. He was opposed by that entirebody, and their subordinates, the licensed victualers,a very numerous class, together with severalother interests, and as he was above a resort to bribery,and was, in a great measure, indifferent to theresult of the election, and his opponents were neither,his defeat was brought about by a coalitionamong them. Cabmen were allowed, by the opposition,a shilling for every voter they brought up tothe polls to vote against him. The slavery questionhad little or nothing to do with the matter. His advocacyof the anti-slavery cause is certainly the lastthing in the world to render him unpopular with theBritish nation. Abolitionism is not the vulgar thingin Europe which it is in America, and, of all countries,perhaps the least so in England. 

 Is there say friend of the colored people, who willgive a hone and instruction to a bright Cuban boy,some twelve yours old, who has had some threeyears' common School teaching in New England? Address WENDELL PHILLIPS, Northampton. 

 To the Editor of the Dublin Advocate: DEAR SIR: The popular American statesman—HenryClay—is dead; and now that the grave hasclosed over him, British and Irish journalists arelauding his memory, as if he were a man deservingthe esteem and respect of mankind. He was an unrelentingenemy of his colored brethren while living;as such, impartial history will describe him. Thisbeing the case, his life should be pointed out by everyfriend of freedom, as a beacon to warn all menwho desire to be respected I  and in death, toavoid the unjust and sinful course he pursued. EAR IR  That he, or any other man who sustains 'thatsum of all villainies,' as American slavery was justlydesignated by John Wesley, can, in any true senseof the term, be called a great statesman, I deny.—Doubtless,Henry Clay was a man of large intellectualpowers, but he used all his powers of mind andbody for the perpetuation of slavery. There was nogreatness exhibited here, except greatness in villainy;let the term, in that sense, be engraven onhis tomb, and it will be true in letter and in spirit.—HenryClay and his confederates would sustain theUnion of the American States at any price, even atthe price of slavery. The effort is week and childish.So sure as there is a God in heaven, who hasimplanted in man a desire for freedom, and an abhorrenceof slavery, so sure it is that the AmericanUnion will fall to pieces, and that at no distant dayeither, if slavery be not utterly abolished within itsborders, all the efforts of her Calhoun's, and herClays, and her Websters, to the contrary, not withstanding. Republican America, with her fustian Declarationof Independence, scowled at by three and a halfmillions of slaves, and, perhaps, one and a half millionsmore of insulted free colored men and women,growing in intelligence and a knowledge of theirrights, to exist under her present relations of tyrantsand slaves, the idea is preposterous, the instincts ofmen reject it. If Justice do not soon take the helm,this proud confederation will crumble in the dust,and rivers of blood will avenge the injuries of thecolored race. On the heads of such men as Henry Clay be allthe infamy of such vile doings. If the crime of making merchandise of men—ofGod's image upon earth—were duly reflected on, ageneral cry of execration would soon rid the worldof the wickedness of the deed. Faithfully, yours, JAMES HAUGHTON. 

 An anti-slavery meeting will be held at the Podunkmeeting-house, in Brookfield, on Sunday,Oct. 3d, commencing at 10 o'clock, A.M., and willbe attended by Stephen S. Foster and Samuel May, jr. 

 The operation of this instrument is a subject ofdiscussion—not as to the mans of his slaves, but onlyas to those born after the first of January, 1850,who are to be free, the males at 28, and the femalesat 25. 1. Is this clause limited in its operation to thosewho were born prior to the death of the testator.when his ownership ceased? If so, the number isprobably small. 2. Or does it attach to the persons of the slavesbequeathed to his family, so as to free their childrenat the prescribed age, in whose hands soever theymay be? If so, a female slave born in 1849 mayhave a son born in 1894, when she will be 45, andthis son will become entitled to his freedom at 28, in1922—if he can get it; but who will see it done? 3. Does the provision attach to those who may beborn of the persons to be freed, but born before theirday of freedom? If so, then a female child born in1850 may have a child born a slave in 1874, to befree in 1899; and thus child, if a female, may havea child born a slave in 1898, to be free in 1923, andso on to the end of the world. What is the trueconstruction? 

 An Agent of the Mass. Anti-Slavery Society, willlecture as follows: Table  Table  

 INFORMATION WANTED. Lewis Tappan, of NewYork, Corresponding Secretary of the American andForeign Anti-Slavery Society, announces that a competentperson has been engaged to collect, with aview to publication in this country and England, theprincipal mutilations and expurgations of Englishand American publications, by American publishers,booksellers, authors, Tract and Sunday-schoolSocieties, ecclesiastical assemblies and committees.&c., for the purpose of securing sales in the SlaveStates, or the favors of eccles and politicalparties and persons in authority, with a discussion ofthe principal connected with such conduct. It isbelieved that a full statement of these and expurgations will astonish the America peopleand the civilized world. Any facts, bearing on thissubject, will be gladly received by Mr. Tappan, anda copy of the work, when printed, will be sent toeach person who communicates authentic information.Particular references should be made to theeditors, authors, publishers, &c., of the muworks. NFORMATION ANTED.    

 The undersigned desires publicly to acknowledgethe kindness of Captain Kimball Estabrook, of thesteamer City of Boston, in allowing him a free passagein that vessel from Boston to Philadelphia. The Cityof Boston is a noble sca-boat, and her commander anoble man, worthy of the entire confidence of thepublic. He is not ashamed to own himself a friendof the oppressed, and especially of the fugitive slave.He has not been unfamiliar, in years part, with theoperations of the underground railroad. DANIEL DRAYTON. Philadelphia, Sept. 22, 1852. 

 High Prices of Slaves.—At an extensive sale of negroesat Aiken. S.C., by J.C. Sproul &Co., the averageprice was $305. A few sold as low as between$700 and $800, and some went as high as $1300 and$1400. The number sold was about 75. High Prices of Slaves. 

 The meeting of the Old Colony A.S. Society, advertisedin last week's Liberator, to be holden inHanson, is unavoidably postponed until further notice. Liberator H.H. BRIGHAM, Sec'ry. Sec'ry. 

 We have received in pamphlet form, and read withvery great pleasure, a discourse on 'Things new andold'—being 'an Installation Sermon, by T.W. Higginson,Minister of the Worcester free Church.' Fromthe following extracts, our readers earn form an idea ofits merits as a whole. Mr. Higginson is among thefew preasliers in this country, who, some how orother, contrive to preserve, their manhood, keep agood conscience, indulge a bold utterance of theirconvictions, and bow down to the 'higher law,' costwhat it may. It will be seen that he thinks reformersare rather too severe with the clergy for their short-comings;but when he says, as he does, without mining,to denounce them and spare their rich parishioners,is to denounce the weathercock and spare thebreeze that whirls it,; they will hardly thank him forhis friendly apology in their behalf: for it amountsin fact, to the keenest irony and the severest condemnation.That they are such weathercocks makes theircriminality all the more palpable in professing to bethe followers and, ministers of Him who was willingto lay down his life for the truth. When the higher officers of the state  to saypublicly that 'Religion is an excellent thing ineverything but politics; there it only makes menmad;' it is time to grow serious'; tune for Religionto reproduce the experience of Paul, and inquirewhether her proselytes are really mad, (most nobleFestus,) or speak the words of truth and sobernessstill.  For consider the consequences of a doctrine soflattering to each man's peculiar propensities andtemptations. The politician limits this disclaimer topolitics, because that is his pursuit; but how easily,mutalis mulandis, is the definition  availablefor all! 'Religion is good in everything but politics,'declares the politician. 'Good in everything butlaw,' suggests the lawyer; 'Good in everything butthe retail trade in dry goods,' observes the dry-goodsretailer; 'In everything but blacksmithing,' adds theblacksmith. And so on, through every trade andprofession in the community; every man, with theatmost deference fur religion in the abstract, respectfully'signs off' from religion in behalf of his especialemployment. And so at last, cut off from all occupationsof all men. what is left in which religionis excellent? Nothing, apparently, except in sustainingSunday worship, and paying the salaries ofthe clergy while they denounce the sins of the Jewsand let those of Americans alone. mutalis mulandis  signs off is * * * * * I rejoice to think that he picture I have drawn isone not yet realized in the New England pulit. Icannot endorse quite all the reproaches of our reformers.All that can be fairly proved is this, thatour clergy do largely share the sins and errors oftheir congregations; not that they lead or exceedthese sins. I think justice is hardly done them. Inthe anti-slavery movement itself, I scarcely know asingle young clergyman who is not avowedly moreanti-slavery than the majority of his congregation.This is to say little, I know, but it is to say something.The new Temperance Law of this State hasbeen chiefly carried by the clergy. Nor has anyprofession contributed so largely to the ranks of themost fearless radicalism. I think it has done theclergy good to proclaim their faults; but they arein these days such very safe game for reformers toattack, that the denunciation may in time growrather inglorious. taking them at the worst, theirtimidity and ignorance are hardly worth so manyshots as the selfishness and ambition of the ladywho control them. To denounce them and sparetheir rich parishioners, is denounce the weather-cockand spare the breeze that whirls it—a policyquite safe indeed, but not, perhaps, either heroic oreffectual. * * * * * Let the simple truth be told. The time has comewhen an earnest and fearless inquirer can no morestudy the Bible and believe in its verbal inspiration,than he can study astronomy and believe that thesun moves round the earth. There is not personabout whom I feel greater anxiety than an ingenuousyoung man who has been brought up to identify thisdogma with religion and virtue,—to make the MostHigh God responsible for every word which hishuman creatures have spoken through the Jewishand Christian Scriptures. The path of one soeducated is encompassed by dangers; everything isagainst him, history is against his belief: science isagainst it, humanity is against it; the more thoughtfuland earnest he is, the more sure he will be todiscover it; he is launched on the ocean, clinging toa plank which may at any moment slip from him, andhe has never learned to swim. I exhort him not tothrow away the plank, as some would say, but keepit for its value, and learn meanwhile to support himself.God is very close to him, if he only knew it;heaven is very high him, in his month and in hisheart. From my so I believe that the inspirationof the Eternal Spirit is as ready to shed glory overMassachusetts as over Judea, when we begin to believein it. And it is because we do not believe init, that there is coldness and despair and an atheisticmelancholy all around as in the churches. * * * * * We do not, I trust, undervalue the debt of mankindof the Scriptures. We only claim, with themost eminent of modern Orthodox critics, the learnedand pions Neander, that the time is come 'todistinguish between, the divine and human in thesacred writings.' Acknowledgments are accumulatingfrom multitudes of religious minds, that intheir experience the Bible is the aid only and notthe master of the life of God in the soul of man.At this I rejoice. It is not possible that any collectionof various books, by various writers, at varioustimes, can be assumed as a whole and so consulted,without introducing the almost confusion into allmoral questions. It has almost come to be a proverb,'You can prove anything out of Scripture.' Thereare, all told, not less than fifty different sects in thiscountry, each claiming to sustain itself by the Bible,to the exclusion of all others. And in all greatmoral question, as War, Slavery, Temperance,Capital Punishment, it is unquestionably for easierto decide what is or is not right, than to ascertainwhat is or not Scriptural. And worse than this isthe discomfort, that we study this pricless book,from childhood, in a manner so constrained and unnatural,that one half its beauties are veiled from us,and reserved for a generation that shall read it withoutartificial light. * * * * * The Orthodox Clergy were right in saying thatthe religious organizations had the first claim on allmoral reforms—but they forgot to add, that all claimsbecome legally invalid, by too long disuse. I supposethat our most ultra reformers would be glad towake up some morning and find their occupationgone—find that the religious bodies had suddenlyexpanded so as to embrace it. It should be so.'Religion.' says the Italian reformer Mazzini, 'haspresided over all the great revolutions of humanity.'and it should be the same with the reforms whichare condensed revolutions, or rather afford the quietvaccination which averts the disorder. Religiousinstitutions should accept the duty, and save it fromworse hands. We need the church as an antidoteto the politicians. Here are questions to aline—TemperanceLaws. Woman's Rights, Land Reform,Ten Hour Bills, the system of Punishments, theManufacturing system, which fills some of our townswith  Irishmen, who live helplessly on the laborof their children ten years old, working thirteenhours a day—the whole problem of AssociatedLabor, which we must inevitably meet and settle—andabove all, the great cloud of Slavery, the oneimmediate storm which calls all hearts to endure it;—all these are before us. All these questions involvemoral principles: where are these principlesto be adjusted, if not here? It may be a questionwhether Slavery, for instance should be discussedout of the churches (of which I hold the aff.)but there can be no reasonable question that it shouldbe constantly discussed within them. We cannottrust a thing so sacred to the lobbies of the StateHouse only. Legislative bodies most merely toorganize the reveries of the thoughtful and conscientious.In a right state of society, the theme ofthe pulpit during every summer should predict thematter of next winter's legislation. Why do youplace your look out at the mast head, if not that hemay cry 'Land O' before those on deck, even on thequarter deck, have  it?    

 W.B. STONE, an Agent of the Mass. A.S. Society,will lecture as follows:— TONE At Hubbardston, Saturday and Sunday, Oct. 3dand 3d; Petersham, Monday, Oct. 4th; Barre, Tuesday,Oct. 5th; Hardwick, Wednesday, Oct. 6. 

 An Agent of the Mass, Anti-Slavery Society, willlecture as follows:— Table  Table  N.B. In each case it may be expected that Mr. F.will remain in the place named until the date of hisnext following appointment, dosing at Gardner, onSunday. Oct. 10. 

 DIED—In this city, on Friday morning last, Sept.24th, Miss CATRBBINE SABOBNT, daughter of the lateEPES SARGENT, Esq., aged 77. ATRBBINE ABOBNT PES ARGENT By this translation, the cause of the stricken slave,and of all identified with him by complexion, haslost one of its truest and best friends. Her sympathieswere constantly affected, and her charities activelyexercised, in behalf of the poor, the outcast, andthe oppressed, without regard to color or race. Of ameek and quiet spirit, her beneficence was dispensedunostentatiously, the right hand not knowing whatthe left did. As the coffin containing her remainswas carried out of the house, to be conveyed to MountAuburn, a colored friend who was in attendance exclaimedaloud, with touching pathos, 'There goes oneof the best friends I have found in the world '—andhis eye moistened as he paid the grateful tribute. Herelated to us some of the many cases of distress whichthe deceased had alleviated through her charities,entrusted to his care, and by him faithfully applied.No cloud at any time hung over her mind as to thefuture. In the Divine arrangement, to her death wasas beautiful as life. Her faith in the patern al characterof the Universal Father never wavered, and shewas ever ready for her summons to another sphere ofexistence. She lived to a ripe old age, beloved andhonored by all who knew her, and has now enteredinto rest—the 'joy of her Lord.'— Ed. Lib. Ed. Lib. 

 Behold, I make all things New.' 'Hereafter ye shallsee HEAVEN OPENED.' Behold, I make all things Hereafter ye shallsee EAVEN PENED. I propose to issue a weekly paper, with the abovetitle, devoted to Spiritual FACTS, PHILOSOPHY andLIFE—to be published in the city of Boston, on eachsuccessive Wednesday morning. It will be printedon good paper, with fair type, in a folio form, with abeautiful vignette at the bead of it, of Heaven opening,and the angels descending! a picture which shall correspondwith the title of the publication, and be eminentlysignificant of the New Age on which ourworld is entering. It will be a medium for the higherorder of SPIRITUAL COMMUNICATIONS—a vehicle for thefacts, philosophy and practical suggestions of humancorrespondents, and for such editorial matter as thechanging circumstances of the times and the needs ofthe public shall seem to demand. It shall be a FREEpaper, in the beat sense of the word: free for the utteranceof all worthy and useful thought—FREE asLIFE and LOVE and WISDOM are FREE! It willspontaneously avoid all sectarianism, (except to give itcriticism,) and will be the unswerving advocate ofUniversal Truth. ACTS HILOSOPHY IFE vignette Heaven opening,and the angels descending! PIRITUAL OMMUNICATIONS IFE OVE ISDOM REE Friends of Humanity, and lovers of Spiritual Communion—areyou ready for such a paper in this locality?If so, will you do me and the cause the favorto send in your NAMES I want no money now. All Iwant is your names, pledged to pay in advance on thereceipt of the first number. And when the list reachesthe least number requisite for its support, the firstnumber will be issued. AMES no money names in advance TERMS:—The NEW ERA will be published at$1 50 per annum in advance. EW RA in advance. ☞All communications must be addressed to me,(postage paid.) at Boston, Mass. Will those to whomthis Prospectus is sent obtain all the names they can,and make returns soon? S. CROSBY HEWITT. Boston, Sept. 11, 1852. 

 ☞SLATE at Anti-Slavery office, 21 corahOrders left there attended to every day. 

 'You have said that we shall no longer agitate. Imean to agitate; now, what will you do about it?'—GIDDINGS. mean IDDINGS. 'There is no power in all the cravenhood of thenineteen century that can put a stop to our agitation.'—PALFREY. ALFREY. Don't you feel the Union shake?Hold your tongue!That the universe will split,If the devil slack his grasp,Though a joke, is awful wit!Hold your tongue!      Hear your master crack his whip!Hold your tongue!With the meanest Yankee greaseSmear the hinges of your knees,And in silence pray for peace.Hold your tongue!      Let the bloodhounds have their fill:Hold your tongue!All your little conscience sell:For the Union must be saved,If salvation come from hell!Hold your tongue!      Will the land of Pilgrim siresHold its tongue?Tyrant! dream your dream of lies!We hurl back your words of scorn;All your insolence despise!Hold your tongue! Will      your Traitors, throwing down their arms,Hold their tongues;Cravens, on their knees, submit;But the Engel of the NorthNever did her mountains quit!Hold your tongue!      Do you talk of threatening clouds?Hold your tongue!For, behind them, Freedom's sun,Laughing at their thunder-tones,Sees them dwindle, one by one!Hold your tongue!      Tyranny will yet for shameHold its tongue,And its clanking chains be still!But, as long as God shall reign,Freedom's trumpet never willHold its tongue! Tyranny      

 Oh, election time is the time for me,With its bands and its beef and its beer so free;I'm a big beast always, but then, d'ye see,A bigger beast than ever I be,With a tooral-looral.   then   For they lets me loose to ramp and roar,And they gives me victuals and drink galore,And the more I calls for, they draws the more,And I know it aint me as pays the score,With a tooral-looral.     So I blows my 'bacca and swigs any ale,And with ribbons I ties my mane and tail,And backs my opinions without any fail,Which is always his'n as pays on the nail,With a tooral-looral.     Tother times deuce a bit the big-wigs thinksWhat I says or does, or eats or drinks;But then, if I only nods or winks,I'm as wise as a sarpent, and deep as a Sphynx,With my tooral-looral.   then   Mrs. Lioness then is a reg'lar saint,And my cubs is angels, and fit to paint,And all the world through such a Lion there aint,As the British—and, neither, I s'pose, there baint,With a tooral-looral.     It's wonderful, then, how the tip-top nobsWith the British Lion hobs and bobs;Till there's no such thing in the world as mobs,But enlightened electors instead of mobs,With our tooral-looral.     So I eats myself hungry, and drinks myself dry,For I knows what 'twill come to, by and by;And sometimes I says to myself, on the sly,They must see a deal o' green in my eye,With their tooral-looral.     Instead of flattering and letting me loose,To swill like a hog, and to hiss like a goose,I fancies a dose of wholesome abuseTo the British Lion might be o' more useThan their tooral-looral.     If they made me leas of a hustings tool,Didn't call me wise when they think me a fool;If, instead of rousing my passions, they'd rule,And pack off the poor British Lion to school,With a tooral-looral;     I'll answer for it, if once they beganTo deal upon this here sort of plan,That the British Lion, as fast as he can,Will grow leas of a brute, and more of a man.With a tooral-looral.     

 The First-born is a fairy child,A wondrous emanation!A tameless creature, fond and wild—A moving exultation!Beside the hearth, upon the stair,Its footsteps laugh with lightness;And cradled, all its features fairAre touched with mystic brightness.        First pledge of their betrothed love—O, happy they that claim it!First gift direct from Heaven above—O, happy they that name it!It tunes the household with its voice,And, with quick laughter ringing,Makes the inanimate rooms rejoice,A hidden rapture bringing.        Its beauty all the heauteous thingsBy kindred light resembles;But, evermore, with fluttering wings,On fairy confines trembles,So much of those that gave it birth,Of father and of mother,So much of this world built on earth,And so much of another.        

 BY LUCY A. COLBY. O! sad-eyed angel, with thy smileless brow,And drooping pinions trailing in the dust,Though dark and loveless seems thy mission, thouDos watch the growth of an immortal trust,A holy faith, undoubting and sublime,Which lifts us from this sad, strange world of ours,To a celestial and unclouded clime,Where never falls a blight upon the flowers!Once thou didst seem a fearful thing to me—A shadow interposed to veil the light,And long and vainly did I strive to freeMy soul from thy sad presence, and the mightOf rayless darkness round me gathering:That time is past. I see thee as thou art,A sunbeam brightness on thy drooping wins;Fondly I fold thee to my throbbing heart,And, while I meekly mourn my lonely lot,I bless thee for the lessons thou hast taught.                  

 Mrs. Mott had great objections to taking the Chair,and the Convention would find out their mistake.She invoked a careful attention to the business of themeeting, and a dispensing with all egotism. She referredalso to the favorable success which had attendedprevious meetings, and alluded to the almost unanimouscourtesy of the public journals where their Conventionshad been held. She wished this meetingto carry out the purpose for which it was called, andto keep up in interest with prior Conventions. Shewished all votes to be given in a firm voice, andspeakers first to address the Chair, and then turn,facing the audience. The voice could be improvedby carefully modulating it. As to woman's rights,nothing short of universal rights could meet the contingency.(Cheers.) A letter was read from Horace Greeley, in whichhe insisted that increase of the means of employmentwas the necessary mode of elevating the sex. He alsoinsisted that increase in the wages of labor was demandedby justice, and a necessary measure of reform.He suggested that friends of the cause shouldbegin by granting female laborers proper prices fortheir work. A letter also was read from Mrs. Hugo Reed ofEngland, expressing her warm sympathy with theWoman's Rights movement. The women of Americahad greater facilities, she declared, and shouldtherefore lead the van in this great enterprise. Miss Lucy Stone believed that, in our country, ifone half the men suffered the same political disabilitiesunder which women labor, they would be efficienthelpers in securing to women their rights. Itwould not then be a matter of gallantry, but a deep,a personal interest. The English were then bettercircumstanced than the Americans, and she hopedMrs. Davis would communicate that fact to Mrs. Reed.She hoped also that the question of Bread, raised byMr. Greeley, would be spoken of in future meetings. Bread Mrs. Nichols contended for identity of sphere. Ifman is woman's head, and woman man's helper, theremust be a common sphere. Even in the maternalfunction, they came into a more intimately unitedsphere than any where else. It is not because wewish to be men that we are engaged here. Had womanhelped in framing creeds, we would have had atheology in which love would have been prominent aswell as justice. But justice is love in a chronic state.(Cheers.) In our revolution, it was contended that taxationwithout representation was unjust, yet evennow all classes are not represented. Man is under obligationto God and man to use all his influence forgood. She added, that we should get all the influencewe can. (Cheers.) She considered those who, in disgustat politics, abstained from voting, as recreant toduty. Women were always taxed, and thereforeshould be represented. Men give women thehigher department when, politely excluded frompolitical power, they assign to them the moral influence.In stock company manufactures, womenwere allowed to vote, because their money could begot at in no other way. (Cheers.) Effectualnesssettle theories. If women can vote in such companies,they surely may elsewhere. If women couldnot vote on the same occasions, there could be otherplans and other occasions set apart for that purpose.There are 122 ladies holding poet-offices, whichevinced that they are capable of holding offices. love in a chronic state. Mrs. Mott questioned the theory that man was thehead, and woman the helper. Mrs. N. was estrangedby her old theology. Mrs. Nichols. Perhaps I am a politician. (Cheers.)It is politic to admit theories which, in carrying out,will correct themselves. (Cheers.) Mrs. Mott could not allot to woman superior moralworth. She thought the demoralization mutual. Mrs. E. Oakes Smith proceeded to address the assembly.We have convened to disorganize time-honoredinstitutions. All our heads will be in the gravebefore these objects are gained. We have not cometo speak of private wrongs. Men tell us we are unfitfor the position which we seek. Because we have notthe heads of gladiators and pugilists, must we be deniedthe privilege of using what brains we have? LetSyracuse, which has become the Thermopyl of liberty,be the place for our at struggle. (Cheers.)  She hoped that this was not a mere talking Convention.We have talked for years. We must now act.She had travelled west, and east, and north, and thefriends every where said, 'Organize.' We want nomore Helots—no more judicial murders—no moreabandoned outcasts. We must extend our industryinto every department and profession, for which wehave ability. In spite of St. Paul, we must preach. Miss Lucy Stone addressed the Contention at length,depicting forcibly the inequality and injustice of thepresent statutes. She declared that woman wasnot properly protected; that she had no tie of naturesacred before law. A man has the custody of hiswife's person. Her legal existence is suspended themoment she takes upon herself the marriage vow. Menwere mean in taking the advantage which was affordedof pillaging their wives' earnings; but theywere only just as mean as the law. By marriage,woman gains a right to be maintained. She submits,because she cannot bear the odium. The principles wecontend for are hoary with years, sprinkled with thebaptism of ages. The last speaker has said the gravewill close over us before we gain our rights. It maybe so, but we will discharge this great duty. Therights of our sex, so long denied, must yet be granted. Mrs. Brown. Man cannot represent woman, becausehe knows not woman's nature. When woman is accused,she is not arraigned before a jury of her peers.It is before a jury of men. The guilty woman cannotget justice in our courts, much less the innocent. If sheappeal, it is but to be ridiculed. She prefers to sufferin silence, rather than to have her private feelings exposedto the public. Mrs. Rose. Enough has been said to convince everyone present; but my friend is mistaken. Virtue recognizesno sex; vice recognizes none. So it has beenlong viewed. We meet them on every issue. If mindknows sex, then man cannot act for woman; if it knowsno sex, woman has as much right in the matter as man.Mrs. R. continued her remarks to considerable length.As water finds its level, so will mind. Why are notwomen as wise as men? You might as well go to theSouth, and ask the poor, degraded slaves, why they arenot as wise as their masters. (Cheers.) It must becredited to the beamy of woman's mind, that she is asgood as she is. Poor woman has been shackled solong, that she loves and hugs her shackles and chains.Women oppose this movement as much as men do.Men acknowledge that we are right. What does womansay! Why, that men won't like it. (Cheers andlaughter.) The oppressions of the sex have becomelegal, and having become legal, have become fashionable.(Laughter.) Laws are made for the rich, not forthe poor. Married women merge their rights in theirhusbands. If he pillages her of all, she has no redress.Her whole right in her own and husband's earningsafter marriage, is only a life interest. These unequaland unjust laws should be removed, and all minor injusticeswill disappear. (Cheers.) Antoinette Brown said that men and women havetheir peculiarities. On this account, both are neededin making laws. Woman is needed in public life, becauseshe is needed to harmonized the differences. Godrecognized this when be organized the sexes. But manhas usurped the whole field. A painter depicted a bear,and a man in the act of thrusting a knife to the heart ofbrain. A bear came along, and regretted that a bearhad not painted the picture. So is it in our own case.We are disfranchised. We saw degraded because disfranchised.Governments have their just powers inthe consent of the governed. We then have no part inthis government, for our consent has never been obtained.Would our women give their consent to the FugitiveSlave Law? We would not send a women out intopublic life to become man, but to become woman. Ifshe has a dissimilar nature to man, it is her duty to go;else public life will be as corrupt as politics now are. Clementine Nichols. I am introduced as that monsterof womanhood, a political editor. The wife is saidto be dead in law—to be suspended. I like this letterterm better, for suspension does not imply extinction ofexistence. We speak of the laws which exist in allthe States. We have the hope that woman, though herrights are suspended, will come out a live womanyet. The laws provide that there shall he no confiscationof property rights for political offences, yet woman'sproperty rights are confiscated by law. Man's right toproperty never is confiscated, not even for infidelity.Law says she may, not shall, have alimony. Theysay we are after the pants. They have legislated awayour skirts already. They do not disdain to sit uponthem in their courts of justice. And now, having soughtto rob us of our garments, and it is not proper to dispensewith them, they must not complain if we givechase. (Laughter.) Mrs. E.O. Smith read a letter from John Neal of Portland,which expressed, in his peculiar style, his sympathywith the Woman's Rights movement. Gerrit Smith said that the men had been complainedof to-day as taking great liberties with the rights of women.They had been taking as great liberty with hisrights. They were determined to have a speech out ofhim. He objected to Mr. Neal's compliment! to woman,as though she were an angel. She is not an angel![Cheers.] She is a woman. I do not believe ingetting her to heaven before her time. Mr. Smith wenton to defend the rights of women to vote. He said hewished women to have a fair field to test their ability.It was time enough to criticize the experiment when ithad been tried. Her rights in every respect were involvedin her rights at the ballot-box. Miss Anthony read an address to the Convention,written by Elizabeth Cady Stanton. The scope of itwas the duty of property-holding women to refuse payingtaxes, when not represented in legislative bodies. Lacy Stone wanted the woman who had wealth, nobly,heroically to refuse to pay taxes. The issue would thusbe made of taxation without representation. She contendedthat this nation should be consistent in its declaration,that government derived its just powers fromthe consent of the governed. Make your practice consistentwith your theory. She advised women, when thetax-gatherers came, to refuse, and, when brought to justice,to reply that taxation and representation are inseparable,and to keep saying it, in reply to every questionthey asked. (Laughter and cheers repeated.) Bostoncourt house was hung in chains, and Thomas Sims,in the prime of his manhood, was cast down from theplatform of freedom, to seethe in the caldron of slavery,and Boston women were taxed to defray the expense.[Cries of 'Shame!'] You of Syracuse may have suchan account to settle; but you here will perhaps yetrescue another fugitive. (Cheers.) To you I appeal;to he ready in the sacrifice for the right, let it cost whatit may. Mr. Brigham asked if he was in order. He then wentinto an argument against Mr. Smith's position, and insistedupon women's duty to keep their proper sphere. Mr. Brigham also alluded pointedly to the Bloomercostume, insinuating that it was a studied eccentricity. Mr. Smith responded to correct a misapprehension.He would not go into an argument, as Lucretis Mottwas ready to solve his inquiries. [Mrs. M. Go on.]No—when Abimilech besieged Thebes, a woman casta millstone on his head, and he commanded his armor-bearerto thrust him through, that it might not besaid a woman slow him. He should not leave hisfriend Brigham that privilege, but should turn him overto Lucretia Mott. a woman slow him. Mrs. Nichols said that Mr. Brigham's allusion to animalswas not a happy comparison. Among no animalsdid males legislate away the rights of the females. Mr. Brigham asked which robin sat upon the eggs,the male or the female. (Cheers and laughter.) Mrs. Nichols. When the female robin goes abroadto sack her food, the male slips into her nest. (Cheers.) Mrs. Mott cited Mr. Brigham to many examples inwhich the women of countries were equal in strengthto men, as well as superior in industry. She wouldnot say that Mr. Brigham measured the ability ofwomen by his own. Mrs. M. then passed to the meritsof the general question, which she argued withability. It was impossible, she said, for one man tohave arbitrary power over another without becomingdespotic. She did not expect our friend to see howwomen were robbed. Women were to feel it. Slaveowners did not perceive themselves oppressors, butslaves did. Gerrit Smith alluded to one woman,whom our friend would call out of her sphere. If hebelieves in the Bible, he must acknowledge that Deborah,a mother in Israel, arose, by divine command,and led the armies or Israel. She also referred to thewife of Heber, the Kenite, who drove the nail intothe head of the Canaanite general, and was celebratedtherefor in the songs of Israel. She thought thatfemale preaching was in harmony with the doctrine ofPaul. She referred to Paul's directions to womenhow to preach, and his exhortations to them to qualifythemselves for this function, and not to pin theirfaith on minister's sleeves. She cited Phebe, thediskones, deacon or minister of the church at Cenchren,alleging that that same expression was appliedto Tychicus and men who were preachers. diskones She cited 'Willis' Unwritten Philosophy,' and cordiallyadvised Mr. Brigham not to stake his wisdomagainst the allotment of the Almighty. Mrs. M. thenwent on to point out the fashionable idleness of woman—alittle sewing, &c., 'in her sphere.' She referredto Catharine Beecher, in an eloquent strain ofremark. We who bad fought against British dominationcarried about the same aristocracy with them.Our schools were opened, at last, to women, and hadnow sent out teachers. Colleges were now opened,and Lucy Stone and Antoinette Brown had enteredand obtained their diplomas, and now went out andpleaded the cause of the slave, and of their own sex,with an eloquence almost equal to that of our youngfriend here. (Cheers.) Antoinette Brown is welcomedto pulpits of all classes, and has a salary offeredher. Mrs. Mott hoped she would not accept one,as she believed in a free gospel, and desired not thatbrainless, imbecile young men should be supportedby women, for carrying the gospel to the Fejee Islands.(Cheers.) The medical world war now openedto woman, and noble examples had been set bytalented females. The reform causes of the day haddied woman out, and shown her her true and propersphere. It was enlarging, widening, till it wasfilling not only the whole earth, but also heaven.—(Cheers.) Mr. Brigham could not appreciate the propriety ofMr. Smith's mode of logic. He had not the eloquenceof Miss Stone or Miss Brown, for he had not the feminineelement. He end not object to women's voicebeing heard. He would have them visit this city, andseek out the breathing holes of predition. He remarkedthat women had less voice than men. Mrs. Mott asked whether her young friend hadsent a protest to Old England against Victoria's proroguingParliament. In the yearly meetings of theFriends, documents read by the men, been readby the women's clerk that they might be better understood.Some woman here had quite good voices.She also cited Mr. B. to the example of the matron,whose boys were going out to work with their father,who charged them to obey him, or she would whipthem when they came home. Lucy Stone said Mr. Brigham lacked faith in God.God had made them women, and would keep themsuch. They were God's work, and God's work cannotbe blotted out till He himself is blotted out. (Applause.) Mrs. Gage, of Manilas, addressed the Convention.While inferiority is universally ascribed to women,it is acknowledged that all great men were the offspringof talented and intellectual mothers. Formerly,the most common rudiments of education weredeemed sufficient for women. Now people see thingsdifferently, and our schools are being opened to them.From Semiramis to Victoria, the capability of womanhas been acknowledged. Corinue, Schureman andGrierson, Mary, Elizabeth, and Lady Jane Gray, CarolineHerschel, and others were mentioned as examplesof talented and profoundly intellectual women. Women do feel their degradation. They are notcontented. Thousands groan under the burden ofwrong, who do not know the proper means of redress.How many had she heard complain that theirlife was passing away useless, who know no means toremedy the evil, that their life was objectless neednot be argued. Marriage was the same of woman's life, becausemen had usurped the avocations of industry. Menhad been taught that their wives were not fit for companions.It has been said, 'show a man's company,and well show who he is.' She said, 'show me thewomen of a country, and we will show you what themen are.' (Cheers.) The speaker then alluded toElizabeth Blackwell. An abandoned woman oncedeclared that if she could have obtained proper occupation,she would always have remained virtuous.When the Scripture refers to the oppression of thehireling, it does not mean so much the violation ofcontract between the parties, as the employment ofthem for inadequate compensation. In many countries the women are the active, andmen the inefficient members of society. Among theIndians, women do all the work, in France they holdthe plow, in America women as well as men labor asslaves in the open field. Once lords had supremecontrol over their vassals. Once fathers had absolutecontrol for life over their children. Now things aredifferent; we therefore have a precedent. Mrs. G. remarked upon the ridiculous law, bywhich, when property is deeded away, the wife istaken into a separate room, and gravely asked if shesigned this document without constraint of her husband.Out upon such a law! The very stones cryout against it! (Cheers.) The present laws are deleteriousto the moral sensibilities of both husband andwife. Women have been compared to slaves. Theanalogy is incomplete. Slaves may he set free; notso with women. Women are so educated that theaffaire of government are mysterious to them. Theyare taught to reverence the authors of their degradation,on the Catholic maxim—that 'Ignorance is themother of devotion.' If the people are not made for the government butgovernment for the people, have not women someright to inquire into matters? Nothing is so strongevidence of the love of liberty in mankind, as theiranxiety to obtain it. Let us so employ our talent asto receive the plaudit of our Maker, Well done! Reforms are gradual. There is no surer evidence oftheir final success than the efforts made to check them. Mrs. G. was listened to with great attention, andwas greeted with frequent applause. The President said that the arguments had beencarefully proposed, and were worthy of a woman. Jane Elisabeth Jones, of Ohio, was glad she livedin this age, when progress was advancing so rapidly.She was one of those women who talk little aboutWoman's Rights, but she took her rights and saidnothing about it, (Applause.) She had occupiedpulpits all around where she lived. Men eared notabout their taking their rights, but objected to theirboasting about it. She demanded those rights whichmen was moot unwilling to grant, which, if granted,the citadel would surrender at discretion. She wantedthe right to vote; she wanted to vote and be votedfor. (Applause.) Men asserted this right as evidenceof their humanity; and in denying it to us, they denyour humanity. We claim ear franchise as a right,and shall occupy it with no pledges, no conditions.When we exercise our right to vote, we will makeour pledges, and not before. Suppose most of us donot want to vote, is that any argument for refusingthat right to those who do? (Hear, hear.) We wantthe right to property. Common law gives the husbandon marriage all the wife's personal property.—Shewanted the right to hold property, and all therights man has. We—the women—have got to takeour rights. Men can't do it for us. The laws do nothinder us from engaging as merchants. Who of allthat attend Woman's Rights Conventions has yet apprenticedher daughter to a jeweler, wheel right, orto any of the mechanic arts? Men will not complainof your taking your rights, but of your making anoise about it. She had now told what she wanted,and wanted to know what the rest wanted. (Loudapplause.) take Miss Lydia A. Jenkins, of Waterloo, asked Mrs.Jones whether the rights of suffrage was prohibitedto women. The laws allowed the men to vote—didthey prohibit women? Mrs. Jones said she was not sufficiently acquaintedwith the law to answer, but she held that whether thestatute book was in favor or against the right, womanhad a natural right to vote, which no human lawscould abrogate. Miss Antoinette Brown said she knew instancesof colored persons voting under the same circumstances,and their vote being allowed by the legalauthorities, there being no express provision forbiddingthem to vote. She had just been informed bysome person, that J.A. Dix declared the proceedingsof a school meeting void, because two Women voted atit. But this proved nothing, except the individualopinion of Mr. Dix. Mr. Jones Said he supposed Miss Brown referred toOhio, where cases of that kind had come before thecourts; but it was a splitting of hairs between blackand white blood, and the judges decided in favor ofthe right to vote because there was fifty per cent, ofwhite blood in the persons an question. He thoughtthat the permission to white males to vote excludedall others. Mrs. Davis said when the Rhode Island Conventionto alter the Constitution was sitting, in the draft theysaid 'all citizens,' but they discovered afterwards thatthe word male was not inserted, and they immediatelyput it in, intending, of course, to exclude women.Mrs. D. then proceeded to read a letter of Rev. A.D.Mayo, of Gloucrates, Mass, remarking that it wassupposed the clergy were opposed, yet here was adistinguished clergyman in their favor. The followingis an extract from the letter:—'Every real positionin society is achieved by conduct. I must convincemy people that I am a true minister of thegospel, before I can claim their respect and support.And when a woman, in the possession and exercise ofthe powers and opportunities given her by God, tellsme she must trade, or instruct the young, or heal thestick, or paint, or sing, or not upon the stage, or callsinners to repentance, I can say but one thing—justwhat I must say to the man who affirms the same—'Myfriend, show your ability to move society in thisway, and all creation cannot deprive you of the right.If you can do this naturally and well, then you andevery body will be the gainers, and whoever says youhave forfeited any essential grace or virtue of womanhoodby your act, betrays, by the accusation, an utterincompetency to judge upon question of humanresponsibility and obligation.' I hardly know a village which does not numberamong its laborers in the various mechanicaland mercantile professions, women who haveestablished an acceptable reputation in those departments.Many a mother who would not dare to cometo your Convention, is glad to be cared of her own orher children's ails by my good friend. Dr. HarrietHunt. I have never heard that the admiration of thetheatre goers at Mrs. Mowatt's 'Parthenia' wasabated by the reflection that this excellent woman isin her way a public teacher. I doubt whether thegreat Apostle himself would tell Lucretia Mott tocover her face in the church; while thousands of intelligentpeople listen with delight to the lectures ofMrs. Oakes Smith, and the historical researches ofMrs. Putnam, or the scientific researches of MissMitchell, receive the respect they demand; while women,in almost every department of American life,except those ning which we yet stand beforethe world a nation of experimenters, have been andare recognized for their 'work's sake.' It seems tome that the discussion about woman's sphere is alikepetty and mysterious. Woman's sphere is newwherever she makes it, and there it always will be.  Mr. May referred to the idea of women havingfirst organized State and National Government ignoringthe existence of the other sex, and acknowledgedthat men had managed political matters so wretchedly,that if the women should assume the government,he for one would consent, only wishing them not totreat the men as the men had treated them. Mrs. Jones said they were firing at random, presentingresolutions without end, and acting upon none.They ought to stick to parliamentary usage. B.S. Jones moved that Gerrit Smith's three resolutionsshould be taken up this afternoon. Mr. May said Miss Lucy Stone had proposed thatthe speaking should take this course. She had goodreasons, and could explain them for herself. (MissStone advanced, and was welcomed with rapturousapplause.) The President thought this Convention as orderly,regular and parliamentary as those of men. Miss Lucy Stone said the interest that was excited lastevening showed that they knew what they were about.She did not care a fig for other Convention or theirusages. She was very much of the opinion of theQuakers, that they should speak as the spirit movedthem. She did not believe that it was so easy to goand take their rights as Mrs. Jones had said. Womenwanted to be employed as printers; but the men'struck,' and they could not he employed. HarrietK. Hunt want to claim her right in the college whereshe had obtained permission to study from the headsof it; but the students sacrificed her. Miss Harriet Hunt, exclaimed in a laugh—Notexactly, Mrs. Mott—They suspended her, though life is notextinct. Mrs. Mott—They suspended her, though life is notextinct. Miss Stone—When the slavery agitation commenced,all was turmoil and violence, and even womenwere pelted with rotten eggs and brickbats, and evenpastoral letters and newspaper squibs were writtenagainst the Grimkes; but now they were permittedto meet here in peace. They had had handicrafttrades to go to, such as jewellers or phrenologists; butthey did not avail themselves of these trades. It wastheir duty, whenever a lady set up in business, togive her a preference. Why not go to the lady inAlbany who examines heads, instead of Dr. Fowler atNew York, whom she was glad to we present. Thenthe pulpits were open to ladies, and Antoinette Brownwas an example, though she could not get ordained atpresent. (Laughter.) Mrs. Jones said the real cause of the abuse of theGrimkes and Abbey Kelley was not because theytook their right of speaking, but because they attackedthe positions of others. She (Mrs. Jones) waspelted from head to foot with eggs, because of herattacking the pro-slavery clergy in their position.The clergy were very friendly to female missionarieson their return from abroad, and open their doors tothem. Mrs. Paulina W. Davis delivered an eloquentaddress on marriage, showing that from want of propereducation and training, and from marriages takingplace too early, most marriages ere unhappy, and theignorant child—woman withers away from the affectionof the man whom so calls her husband, because whenher beauty and personal charms fail, she has no inwardresources either for herself or her companion.She drew a vivid picture of the unmarried flirt andthe married coquette, and concluded by moving thefollowing preamble and resolution:— Inasmuch as the family is the central and supremeinstitution among human societies, so that all otherorganizations, whether of Church or State, dependupon it for their character and action, its evils beingthe source of all evil, and its good the fountain of allgood, involved in the destiny of the race. And, inasmuchas marriage, the bond of this principal andprimary of human associations, was the only institutiongiven by the Creator in the innocence of Eden,and is the chosen symbol of relation for the union ofthe Church to her Redeemer in the paradise to come.We are thereby taught as much as we can yet comprehendof the deep significance of its ideas, and theboundless beneficence of its office in the economy ofhuman existence. Resolved, therefore, That the correction of itsabuses is the starting point of all the reforms whichthe world needs; and that woman, by every part ofher natural constitution, and every circumstance of heractual position, is the fitting minister of its redeemingagency; and that answering to the duties of her greatmission, and acting within her appropriate sphere,she is authorized to demand the emancipation of hersex from all the slaveries of law and custom, which,hitherto, have made and kept her incapable of herheaven—appointed office. And, that woman may performher duties and fulfil her destiny, we demand forher moral, social, pecuniary and political freedom.We demand that her proper individuality be heldsacred, her natural independence respected, herfaculties all educated within their aims, and objectsfreely opened to her aspirations her physical andmental health justly regarded and all her naturalstrength elicited, without limit or restraint, reward orpenalty, other than the laws of her own nature andof general harmony imposed, in order that with enlightenedconscience and untrammeled energies, shemay do her proper work, and contribute to the peculiarelements of the new civilization now opening uponthe world, in which love shall overrule force, andcanal liberty and justice shall replace the degradationof castes and the oppression of individuals. Mrs. Nichols said, that only under the commonlaw of England has women been deprived of hernatural rights. Instances are common where thehusband's aged parents are supported, and the wivesare left paupers, and the wives' earning, thus employed.She had asked judges why the personal propertywas not allotted to his widow, and been informedthat it was because, if she should marry again, thesecond husband would obtain that property. Asecond wrong to remedy the first one perpetuated!A man had told her that his wife was feeble, and hadnot earned the property, and was not justly entitledto an equal share. He remarked that she had ninechildren! Which is the most important, the childrena woman bears or the bread and butter they eat?(Applause.) This is a delicate question, and I appealto the women acre to sustain me. Mrs. N's remarkswere continued in this strain to the great satisfactionof the great mass of the audience, who frequentlymanifested applause. (To be concluded.) To be concluded. 

 CUTS.BURNS, BRUISTS,FLESH WOUNDS, CHAPPED FILES, FEEONS, SOEES,SORE EYES,CHILBLAIRS,FILES,INJURY BY SPLINTEESBING WORM SALT BERYSIPELAS,SHINGLES.TRY IT ONCE.ANDYOU NEVER WILL BE WITHThe Good if Does it Felt AND CURE IS SURE AND RUSSIA SALVEVEGETABLE OINMENTHas  thousand of the It has been the EVERY MOTHER WITH CHILDRENANDALL HEADS OF PAShould keep a CASE OF ACCODEMT.Price, 25 Cents per Box.Put up wit stwithout ☞Bold by all pGeo, and                        REDDING &CO. State Street, Boston.  

 142 WASIHNGTON STREET, BOSTON. ASIHNGTON TREET OSTON. (Open Day and Evening.) Open Day and Evening. THESE MUSEUM contains a great variety of busts, and paintings of the most distinguishedmen, living and dead, and is always open f to visitors.   PROFESSION A EXAMINATIONS with charts or writtendescription of character, are furnished at all including directions as to suitable occupation, selection of partners in business, and cong companionsfor life, correction of faults, etc., etc., which all be found highly use and exceedinglyinteresting. ROFESSION XAMINATIONS     CLASSES for giving practical instructions in science are taught at the rooms, and private lgiven to students when desired. LASSES   This is the principal depot in the Eastern States works on Phrenology, Physiology, Water Cure, Phography,Magnetism, Physiology, and all kindred subjects,a large assortment of which is always on and agents and booksellers will be supplied with publications on more liberal terms than at any place in New England. Also, all other books Boston and New York markers will be furnishedthe lowest prices, wholesale and retail. Agent'sother individual's sending for one or more will receive them by return of first mad or with the same faithfulness as though theythem personally.         Please address, post paid, FOWLERS &WELLS &CO., sep 16—4t 142 Washington St., Boston. 

 THESE Instruments, with the importance by the subscribers, especially in their and voicing of the Boln renders then exble of softest tones an Roli Harp and of being edin power, sufficient fro any piracy me, and whencombined with the Piano Flute perat pleasure, can be made to institute the the Flute or Clarinets, G Boston, and with the other the P Fthus combining orchestral effectually the at the same time.               Piano Forts with, or wit the selected by ourselves when  and part of the country, and  to or the money refunded.       The parent is owned by ourselves ly for theState of Massachusetts, and no other person  pin Massachusetts have the right to  instruments.And, as many of the Piano Foand others in their interest mentinjured the Piano F and will not they with it, we hereby notify  that in shall apply the attachments to  other. expressly for the attachment and can with confidence warrant to we have known to retain in without tuning; and but very few of the even those applied over five years since, have been edat all. We have applied  of  ofattachments, and will give the names of the to those who desire information, of the country.                      T. GILBERT &CO. No. 400 Washington St. Boston. 

 FOR MITIGATING THE PAINS OF C-B OR ITIGATING THE AINS OF     THIS wonderful agent, for an external appis the discovery of Madams Bovine,  of themost celebrated Female Physicians of Paris, and for thegreatest blessing of the age for mitigating the of child-birth. It is perfectly harmless in the Hundreds of females have already used it is Agentwith the most gratifying results.     ☞For sale by the Proprietor's authorized only—in Boston, by Mrs. E. Kidder, No. 100 Cents.in East Boston, by Robert Kent, Apothecary, MrickSquare; in Worcester, by A. Clark, Apothecary,Mrs. M.S. Thompson, Female Physician Stone, No. 2 Maple street; in Clinton, by E. Jr. in Barre, by Wadsworth &Allen; in Lowell byC.S. Eastman &Co.; in Amherst, by Newton F.      November 14. ly 

 ASA SMITH has leased of Je HUTCHEbeautiful Rock Cottage in Lynn, as a Water CEstablishment.    This cottage stands on a romantic hill, centre of Lynn, some 200 feet above the overlooking the finest scenery on the cteris most excellent, and the location a very and pleasant one. Terms from $8 to $10 per payable weekly.      ASA SMITH, Proprietor. Proprietor. Miss L.A. SMITH, Physics. Physics. 

 No. 6 ANN STREET, (THREE DOORS FROM UNION. NN TREET NION. CLOTHS, CASSIMERES and VESTINGS. a general supply of Fashionable and Ready CLOTHING.   JOHN CURTIS. GEO.P. ATKINS. April 11. tf 

 EMBRACING the City Record, a General Directoryof the Citizens, and a Business Directory an Almanse, from July, 1852, to July, 1852. Publishedby George Adams, 91 Washington street, Boston.A large, elegantly panted, much improved, indispensable volume. The re-publication of thefirst Boston Directory, issued in 1789, is the new feature presented in this volume, and gives an additional interest.     July   

 ELEVEN WEEKS IN EUROPE; AND WHAT  SEEN IN THAT TIME. By James FreemanClarke. Just published, and for sale by TICKREED &FIELDS, Boston.    July   

 THIS Institution is well arranged in the of individuals at all seasons of the yeas.  TERMS, &c.—For full board and treatment, from to $10 per week. Treatment without bond, from to $4 per week. ERMS   Each patient should furnish one listen and heavy cotton sheets; two woolen comfortable, and old linen for bandages.   Out door practice attended to as cruel. Office hours from 2 to 4 P.M. may 7 l y S. ROGERS, M.D. 

