 ☞MRS. ABBY H. PRICE. an Agent of the WercesterCounty (South) Anti-Slavery Society, will speakat SOUTH MILFORD, on Sunday, July 8d, in theBaptist house. WercesterCounty (South) Anti-Slavery Society 

 ☞A public meeting, on the FOURTH OF JULY, willbe held in the Unitarian meeting-house at NORTHDENNIS, at which PARKER PPILLSBURY will deliver aLecture on the French Revolution. OURTH OF ULY ARKER PILLSBURY French Revolution. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ERMS ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements making less than a square insertedthree times for 75 cents,—one square for $1 00. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania and Ohio Anti-Slavery Societies are authorizedto receive subscriptions for the Liberator. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of the debtsOf the paper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLIS GRAYLORING EDMUND QUINCY, SAMUEL, PHILBRICK, andWENDELL PHILIPS. RANCIS ACKSON LLIS RAY ORING DMUND UINCY AMUEL HILBRICK ENDELL HILIPS. ☞In the columns of THE LIBERATOR, both sides ofvery question are impartially allowed a hearing. HE IBERATOR 

 A Call for a National Convention of the People ofColor, to meet at Rochester, N.Y., on the 6th of July,has been issued by prominent and well-known Coloredmen in New England and the Middle and WesternStates. The object is a free mutual conference upon theirpresent condition, and the wisest means to be adoptedfor their welfare and improvement. The Call is signed by Rev. Dr. Pennington, Dr. J.McCune Smith, Frederick Douglass, Wm. H. Topp, Geo.T. Downing, W.H. Day, Prof. C.L. Reason, C.L. Remond,and twenty-five or thirty leading colored man. 

 THE U.S. CONSTITUTION 'A COVENANT WITH DEATHAND AN AGREEMENT WITH HELL ☞'Yes!' IT CANNOT BE DENIED—the slaveholdinglords of the South prescribed, as a condition of theirconsent to the Constitution, three special provisions TOSECURE THE PERPETUITY OF THEIR DOMINION OVER THEIRSLAVES. The first was the immunity, for twenty years,of preserving the African slave trade; the second wasTHE STIPULATION TO SURRENDER FUGITIVE SLAVES—anengagement positively prohibited by the laws of God,delivered from Sinai; and thirdly, the exaction fatalto the principles of popular representation, of a representationfor SLAVES—for articles of merchandize, underthe name of persons ..... in fact, the oppressor representing the oppressed!... To call government thus constituteda democracy, is to insult the understanding ofmankind. It is doubly tainted with the infection ofriches and slavery. The reciprocal operation upon thegovernment of the nation is, to establish an artificialmajority in the slave representation over that of thefree people, in the American Congress, AND THEREBYTO MAKE THE PRESERVATION, PROPOGATION AND PERPETUATIONOF SLAVERY THE VITAL AND ANIMATING SPIRITOF THE NATIONAL GOVERNMENT.'—John Quincy Adams. John Quincy Adams. 

 ☞Letters and papers for LUCY STONE must beaddressed to her at West Brookfield, Mass., until furthernotice. 

 PORTLAND, JUNE 4, 1853. ORTLAND UNE MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON I wish to offer to your readers a few remarks on theHon. HORACE MANN'S letter of May 20th, published inTHE LIBERATOR of June 3d. Mr. Mann wishes whoevermay write on the subject to give his name. Thepublic are welcome to know the name of the writer ofwhatever comes from my pen, so far as the name is ofsay value in strengthening or weakening an argument.Some readers, however, may and do decide the valueof an agreement solely upon the fact of authorship. ORACE ANN'S HE IBERATOR If Mr. Mann had token the ground that the Constitutionis anti-slavery, I had been silent, with whatevercause he might have argued it. This he has not done,that argues on the presumption and supposition that itis pro-slavery; and if, in his next letter, he takes theanti-slavery interpretation, it will not affect the logic ofhis last letter. As excellent writer on Logic uses the following language:— Mathematicians, in all their writings, follow this method: 1. They fix the meaning of their words, definingtheir terms each in its place, and make it an invariablerule never afterwards to use any term but in the senseto which it is limited by their definition. invariable 2. They lay down the axioms which they will haveoccasion to use in the course of their work. 3. They add their postulate, (uncontradictable propositions,)which also they demand to be granted as evidenceof themselves. 4. They then demonstrate their propositions, as faras may be, affirmatively; contenting themselves withthis rule, that whatsoever they have to prove, they takecare to prove it from some truths that have been grantedor proved before.' grantedor proved before.' Thus Mathematics is made an exact logic, from whose there is no escape.  Mr. Mann starts fair with the first point. He says,When I speak of voting, I mean voting, office-holding,oath-taking, and all; and when I speak of government,I mean both governments, State and National. Thissense take of brevity.' So far, so good. Mr. Manndefines the term 'voting,' as to the object of the presentdiscussion, and says it means oath-taking and all; andif that we have to do is to stick to it like mathematics. voting oath-taking I must pass over the first two columns of Mr. Mann'sletter, for brevity's sake; and before I begin to touchhis argument, it is necessary to lay down an axiom indispensablein the present discussion; for Mr. Mann isarguing the case with non-voters, who hold the Constitutionto which he swears by his vote to be pro-slavery;which he must admit, in order to give the argumentany weight.  Axiom: That whoever votes, takes anoath to support the Constitution under which he votes,and in so doing, swears to support every part of the instrument,individually and collectively. When a manmean to support the Constitution of the United States,he will not deny that he swears that 'no person shallbe deprived of life, liberty or property without due processof law'; and he cannot logically deny that heas swears that 'no person held to service or labor inthe State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another,shall, in consequence of any law or regulation thereinbe discharged from such service or labor; but shallbe delivered up, on claim of the party to whom suchService or labor may be due.' Certainly, if he swearssome one, he swears to the other, and voting and oathingare the same. non-voters Postulata: That by 'persons held to service or labor,'terms are meant and understood. That it is right for the subject under foreign disposersto match and enjoy whatever privilege the rulerallows—rights of trade, the mail, of the public coinage,the courts,' &c. &c. We will proceed to try the argument in accordancewith the definition axioms and necessary informers. Mr. Mann says, 'Now, it may be owing to my blindnessobtuseness, but I was never able to see but one of an argument why a man who thinks hecan honestly enjoy all the privileges which the wickednessof governments may concede, should refuse to enjoythis highest of all privileges—the right of being a partof the government itself.'  As I have always entertained a high respect and essentialfor Mr. Mann, I must concede all the benefit thathe can derive from this self-depreciation, rather thanconsider it the effect of perverseness. The question isnot whether the non-voter in conscientious, but whetherhe is logical; whether his conclusions result withmathematical certainty from the admitted and acknowledgedpremises. Had Mr. Mann assumed andproceeded upon the fact that the Constitution is anti-slavery,'to all intents, purposes and constructionswhatsoever,' I might yield the argument, without considereither blindness or obtuseness, but might submitby simply exclaiming— 'Optics sharp it needs, I ween,To see what is not to be seen.'  When Mr. Mann speaks of its being innocent to enjoyall the privileges which the wickedest government may to the subject, I presume he means only suchpriviledges as are just and right, and not privileges tocommit crime and to do injustice. Unless he speakswith this limitation, his inference is not true; and if he, it is not sound. Cannot Mr. Mann see any reasonwhy the subject, who thinks he may innocently enjoyall the just privileges which a wicked government mayconcede to him, should refuse to become that wickedgovernment, if the opportunity offered; and if he canperceive a good reason for such refusal, cannot he perceivean equally good reason for his refusing to becomea part of that wicked government, if he must previouslyswear to do its wickedness in order to become a partthereof?  And can he see no reason why he should refuse to swear, if any case he does not mean to fulfil his?   become that wicked   It appears to me that I might leave the whole subjectwith your readers without another word; but I wishto notice a few more of Mr. Mann's illustrations, whichwithout any intentional disrespect, I might more properlynominate obfuscations. Mr. Mann puts forth a number of categories, as self-precedentpropositions, from which he arrives at the concern,as necessary inferences, that we may innocentlyswear to support a Constitution which requires us todo what he and we are predetermined we never will do. 'When King John summoned his first Parliament,'asks Mr. Mann, 'could a man vote then? When, lessthan a thousand years ago, slaves were bought and soldin England as they are now in Virginia, could a manvote then, in order to arrest the traffic? When theStuarts revived the old doctrine of Divine Right, andcame near enforcing it upon the people and Parliament,could a man vote or hold office then, to establish thethrone of William of Orange? Or, to look at the otheraspect of the case, could Clarkson give a vote or Wilberforcebe a member of the House of Commons, for thevery purpose of mitigating the horrors of the slavetrade, and finally of abolishing that traffic itself—couldthey do this, I say, without damnable sin? And ifthey, then and there, why not we, here and now?' Nothing is easier to be answered than this last question,and in such a manner as to put the whole advancecorps of categories to instant flight. If, when King John's first Parliament assembled,they were first obliged to swear that they would sustainKing John in one half his villainies, before they couldvote to pass any measure for the welfare of the nation,whether they meant to fulfil the oath or not, they wereguilty of a damning sin; and if Clarkson and Wilberforcewere compelled to swear, and by voting did swear,to continue the piratical traffic in slaves, in order toobtain power to abolish it, and did or did not intend tofulfil the oath, they committed 'a damnable sin'; andthe Parliament were compelled, in order to establish theHouse of Orange, to swear in advance, and by theirvotes did swear, to support the claims of James II. andthe divine right of kings, whether they did or did notmean to abide by the oath—especially if they did not—they were guilty of 'a damnable sin.' But can any oneshow that they were obliged to do so? If they were,their case was parallel to ours. They were not so compelled.Their vote was no such oath. They were notsubjected to the ordeal of any such Proorustean-bedsteadas the Constitution of the United States. Theycould vote without an oath to do the thing they abhorredand were resolved to overthrow. But before Mr.Mann or you can get the political power, and in thevery act of exercising that power, to repeal the FugitiveSlave Law and abolish the traffic, he or you mustswear that fugitive slaves shall be delivered up, onclaim of the party to whom such service or labor maybe due; and that, too, with a predetermination never tofulfil the oath. Their vote oath. shall be delivered up, onclaim of the party to whom such service or labor maybe due; 'But let me drive this argument home with one blowmore.' If the slaves could obtain the right to vote, andall their other disabilities should remain, nothing but'blindness' or 'obtuseness' would justify one slave invoting to obtain all his other rights, if that vote was anoath that all the existing disabilities of slaves shouldremain for an indefinite period, and that he would supportthe instrument by which these disabilities werecontinued, though predetermined never to fulfil theoath. Mr. Mann appears to think that there is annihilationin this interrogative, and so there is—to his ownside of the discussion. But I cannot trespass on your columns, and yourreaders' patience, by noticing in their order each oneof Mr. Mann's simoon periods, which appear as if theywere designed to blind, stifle and astonish the reader,rather than convince him. I can only notice one moreof Mr. Mann's point of argument. It will be sufficient,however, as it covers the whole ground. 'But let us see where this moral partnership in ourwicked government begins and ends. There is thevoting by which the officers of government are elected;the oath-taking by which they are qualified for the dutiesof their office; and then the performance of thoseduties for the benefit of the people. How can thesesuccessive acts be philosophically or morally separatedfrom each other? If nobody would buy public lands oraccept a pension, the whole public land system and PensionBureau would be swept away at once. These officersare appointed and their oaths administered for noother purpose but to issue land warrants and pay pensions.Can I take either warrant or pension from anofficer who would not have been in existence but for mysake and such as me? Can I require of him to showme his commission, in order to see that it is countersignedby the devil, and so all right, (for without ocularinspection of the devil's sign-manual, I would notemploy him, but leave him at once,) and then, havingconsummated the transaction, turn round and say Ihad nothing to do with voting for the appointment orthe oath-taking of that functionary, but only withthe money and the land! * * * * And I cannot seewhy, if it is wicked to elect a man to office, it is not aswicked to stand waiting impatiently till he is qualifiedby taking a heaven-defying oath, and then employ him.The truth is, the election, qualification and functions ofan officer are part of the same whole. Politicallyspeaking, I cannot separate the duties of an officer,postmaster, custom-house officer, or any other, from thevoting that authorized the performance, of the duties,and the oath-taking that qualified him to performthem.' Here is Mr. Mann's strongest point, in meeting anddisposing of which, we meet and dispose of his wholeargument, from beginning to end. This appears to me to be a confounding and amalgatingof all moral distinctions. It is admitted that thedevil is at the head of the government, and that allthe subordinate and coordinate parts are the devil'scompeers and agents. Now, does a right thing becomewrong because (from some known or unknown motive)the devil permits it? No. If the devil, having thesupreme power, requires that I should worship himand not God, and exercises that power to inflict painsand penalties in case of disobedience, I must worshipGod,(as did Daniel,) and brave the penalty. But supposethe devil deems it expedient to exercise toleration,and grants a charter by which all persons may worshipaccording to the dictates of their own consciences ortheir own interests. Shall I not therefore worship God,because the devil recognizes interest and conscience asequals, or because the devil waives his power of inflictingthe penalty? And is there no damnation betweenGod-worship and devil-worship, because the devil permitsit? But suppose some agent of the devil, dissatisfiedwith the act of toleration, who finds the worshipof God to conflict with his own interest, comes forwardand demands, in the devil's name, that this worshipshall stop, and says it is against the law. I answer,'An act of toleration has bean passed.' He denies it.I draw the parchment from my pocket, and show him'the devil's sign-manual,' and am permitted to continueworship without being punished. Now, can Mr. Mann see no difference between mythus enjoying my just privilege of performing my dutyto God, and voting for the devil to be President of theUnited States, with an oath—-that I do not mean to keep—to do the devil's bidding? To buy land, receivepensions, and have and use post-offices, are not melumin se, whether the functions of the office are performedby saint or sinner, any more then buying and sellingbeef end mutton. 'Those officers are appointed, andtheir oaths administered, for no other purpose than toissue land warrants and pay pensions.' Very good;those are things just and right in themselves, andtherefore we may buy land and receive pensions, thoughthey be the devil's agents to do these right things andnothing else. Bat they take the oath. True, in orderto enjoy the benefits of the appointment to do theseright things, they swear to do a wrong thing, whichthey may or may not intend to keep when the occasioncomes; and herein they are wrong. If nobodywould take the oath, these officers would not be appointed,which would produce great inconvenience in regardto pensions; but men could settle on the public lands,and, with some inconveniences, maintain their claimsafterwards, in various ways, as these things have beendone before; and if no postmasters, in order to distributethe mail, and nothing else, would take the oathto surrender fugitive slaves—which is no part of theirofficial duty—we could have no government mail; butwe could then have a private mail, just as efficient,which might result in a different oath, as a similar enterprisedid in the reduction of postage. But theirtaking an oath to do a wrong thing, which is no partof their official duty, bat a trick of the government tobind them to the Juggernaut of Slavery, no more identifiesme with their oath, because I employ them to dothe right things of their office, than sending a letter tomy sister in New Orleans, by her husband, who is aslaveholder, makes me a partaker in the slave traffic. melumin se Mr. Mann perceives that men have, from the state ofserfs under absolute despotism, pushed their way tothe attainment of their highest right of self-governmentby the ballot. How did they accomplish all this withoutvoting, before that right was acquired? What menhave done, men can do, especially when governed byhigh, intelligent, unyielding moral considerations. He'would not sit as a magistrate under the Fugitive SlaveLaw to save his life'; and yet he thinks that would bean infinitely less offence before God and man than toneglect or refuse to vote. I have nothing to do withMr. Mann's conscience, but only with his logic. Hedoes not believe that men governed by the highest moralconsiderations could form a better government thanthe present, because without these moral considerationsit never was done. I must close, lest I become wearisome,though the materials are plentiful for a greatlyextended examination. D.S. GRANDIN. 

 DIED—In this city, June 28, at his residence inChambers street, ALLEN CROCKER SPOONER, Esq., aged89. His remains were taken to Plymouth for interment. LLEN ROCKER POONER 

 [Boston Correspondence of the Anti-Slavery Standard.] THE ARGUMENT.—The Correspondent magnifieth theTwenty-First of June—And why—He proposeth anew Fast Day—He feareth the Courier—He bowethbefore Mr. Mann—He quoteth his P.S.—He treatethof the Natural History of Hyenas—He praiseththem—He showeth their analogy to Sigma—Hespeculateth as to Mr. Mann's demise—He describeththe effect of the P.S.—He giveth Mr. Mann creditfor Courage—He thinketh him hard to please—He commenteth on Mr. Mann's Letter, and waxethdidactic and a trifle dull—He promiseth to bestowsome more tediousness on the readers, in a certaincontingency, &c. &c. &c. HE RGUMENT. The Correspondent magnifieth theTwenty-First of June—And why—He proposeth anew Fast Day—He feareth the Courier—He bowethbefore Mr. Mann—He quoteth his P.S.—He treatethof the Natural History of Hyenas—He praiseththem—He showeth their analogy to Sigma—Hespeculateth as to Mr. Mann's demise—He describeththe effect of the P.S.—He giveth Mr. Mann creditfor Courage—He thinketh him hard to please—He commenteth on Mr. Mann's Letter, and waxethdidactic and a trifle dull—He promiseth to bestowsome more tediousness on the readers, in a certaincontingency, &c. &c. &c. BOSTON, June 21, 1853. OSTON 'The famous Twenty-first of June!' that LordByron sung of, once. Famous for being the longestday in the year, and forever glorious as the day ofthe month when the slaveholders, at Baltimore,gave Mr. Webster his reward for his treason of the7th of March, 1850. Let it never be said that theabolitionists are unwilling to allow the slaveholderstheir due. Be their praises forever, on this day, inall our mouths. I once proposed, I believe, (or ifI didn't, I do now,) that the 21st of June be heldas a Feast, called, perhaps, All Slaveholders' Day,on which nothing shall be said in disparagement ofany of that Guild, but every thing that can bescraped together in their praise, because of thatgreat, glorious, transcendent Act of Justice? ThatOne Virtue redeemed a Thousand Crimes. It isno wonder that he slunk, broken-hearted, to Marshfield,and died. Turned out, rejected and ridiculedby the men, to conciliate whose favor he had madehimself perdurably infamous, what better thingcould he have done? But I must take care, or the Boston Courier will,call me 'a hyena' again. Indeed, I suppose I mustbe one, for the Hon. Horace Mann, in a P.S. to aletter he wrote last week to the Liberator, declaresthat this honorary title, thus bestowed, (not originallyself-assumed, as he supposes—amended, only,on my motion, by inserting the word 'laughing'before the word 'hyena,') was unanimously confirmedby the whole Nation. Perhaps you wouldlike to see what he says. Here it is. After disposingof other persons who have had the assuranceto criticise his part of the controversy with Mr.Phillips, he goes on:— Courier Liberator 'D.Y., the correspondent of the Anti-SlaveryStandard, intimated a less amiable excuse for himself,when lately, in a moment of self-conscious recognition,he suggested for himself the name of 'the laughinghyena.' And all the people shouted, 'Amen!' Anti-SlaveryStandard 'Now, I have no fault to find with the place inNatural History which has been thus unanimouslyassigned to me. Hyenas are animals that performa useful purpose in the world, or they would not havebeen made. They may not be generally popular,(differing from me in that particular, at least;)but they are not without their uses. Mr. Mann, Idare say, speaks from experience. He may havehad a convincing taste of my quality. But in orderto have been qualified to judge of it, he trust himselfhave undergone an important change. Youknow that a Hyena resembles the late lamentedSigma in one thing—that his are 'Dealings withthe Dead,' only. If Mr. Mann has found himselfself a subject for the manipulation (or unguipulation)of a hyena, he must have been firstdead. Now, I, and many others, knew this melancholyfact. And I had a shrewd suspicion thatCock Robin himself knew that he had been killed,and also who killed him. And here he confessesthe former under his own sign manual. Perhapsthere may be a reasonable difference of opinion onthe last point. An impartial Coroner's Jury (demedictate, say half Whigs and half Democrats)might, perhaps, hesitate as to the verdict—whetherit should be one of Mann-slaughter against Mr.Phillips, or of Felo de se against that unfortunategentleman himself. Dead dead. demedictate Mann-slaughter Felo de se One consequence, however, that Postscript hashad. Of course, everybody reads the P.S. of aletter first, and every confirmed novel-reader (ofwhich intelligent fraternity I have been an unworthymember from say earliest days) reads the lastchapter first of all, and infers from that whether itis worth while to begin at the beginning. Now, Imust confess that I had not read Mr. Mann's letterin the Liberator of June 3d, (and, of course, notthat of June 17th,) until I had read this Postscripturn. I had not formed so high an opinion of hislogic or his rhetoric from his Phillips Letters as tobe very curious as to what he could say on anysubject that did not make him angry enough to bediverting. I had the best of intentions as to readingit, but am afraid they might have gone withtoo many others of mine to pave an unmentionableplace, had it not been, for this stimulus. I haveread them both now, and I must say, that theyhave shown Mr. Mann to possess a quality whichhis mislikers have denied-him. They affirm thatMr. Mann, when not put off his guard by his passions,is sly, cautions, calculating, prudent to thevery verge of that virtue. I think they must reconsidertheir opinion, should they read these twoletters. Surely, to write and publish them, as hehimself says, 'under his own name, and datedfrom his own home,' shows an intrepidity, a couragebordering on desperation, in one who has beena lawyer, and who has tried to be a statesman, forwhich I had never given him credit. He says, indeed,that 'controversy is uncongenial to his nature.His faculties will not work in it.' I cannotbut think that Mr. Mann has a just self-knowledgeon this latter point, though there may be a diversityof opinion as to the first. I should advise himto apply his faculties in some other direction. Hehas, clearly, mistaken his mission. At any rate,however it may have been in the time past of hislife, I think it highly probable that he will 'loathecontroversy' for the tune to come. He has certainlyhad reason to. Liberator Postscripturn. I do n't know how far Mr. Mann may considerthese remarks as coming within the purview ofhis paragraph deprecating a Rejoinder—for that isthe meaning of it, it strikes me, when done intoEnglish.' But he is very hard to please, and Ihardly know how to frame my remarks in a wayto suit him. For instance, in his controversy withMr. Phillips, he claimed the last word as his right;and yet when Mr. Phillips gave it to him, and retiredfrom the field, leaving him to say what heliked last, he construes it into a flight and an acknowledgmentof his victory! And he has n'tceased singing anthems to himself, from that timeto this! I wonder what he would have said if Mr.Phillips had refused, instead of according, his demandof being heard last! But I do n't mean toanswer him—only to point out one or two thingsthat don't need answering. The greatest part of his letter is consumed inarguing points which we Garrisonians have neverdenied. Of course, human government is necessarilyimperfect, and equally, of course, all governments,even the worst, do many good things.Our scruple is this: Can men believing that theConstitution of the United States sustains slavery,as an integral part of itself, swear to support thatConstitution, and yet not do what the Constitutionrequires for the support of slavery, when properlycalled upon to do it? Is it honest or right to swearto do what we never mean to do? The question isnot, at all, how we can do the most good, even tothe slave; but what do honesty and honor requireof us, as individuals? I hold that I have noright to take a place of power and profit, which Ican only get by swearing to do certain things,when I am fully resolved never to do them. Itlooks to me like obtaining goods on false pretences.Mr. Mann's history is not in the least in point.Wilberforce and Buxton did a good work in Parliament,and Clarkson and Macaulay supportedthem; but there is no parallelism between the cases,unless Mr. Mann can show that these men thoughttheir government inherently and fundamentally bad,and that they themselves were bound to do thingswicked in themselves by taking part in it. Ofcourse, they had no such opinion. I presume Mr.Phillips would have no scruple about sitting inParliament, were he an Englishman, for Parliamentis the Constitution. A more parallel casewould be that of the Catholics before Emancipation.Might the Duke of Norfolk and Daniel ()'—Connell, as men of honor and honesty, take theoaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, for the sakeof getting into Parliament, because they could doso much good there? They thought not. Mr. Mann,I suppose, must think they were wrong in refusing.Every man must be the judge of how muchwrong he will do, on Mr. Mann's theory of politicalmorals, (knowing all the time that it iswrong, for that is our assumption,) in order to dosuch and such good things. I do not see why Mr.Mann's argument is not quite broad enough tocover Mr. Webster and Commissioner Curtis. Whyhad they not a right to decide how much wrongthey would do in order to save the Union? Mr.Mann has wasted a good deal of indignation, onone side or the other. thoughttheir government inherently and fundamentally bad not. Mr. Mann seems incapable of perceiving anydifference between submitting to laws and makingand executing them, though he could understandit, if I am not mistaken, when he needed thedistinction for his own use, as to the Fugitiveslave law, in Congress. We think that takingpart in a government, like ours, making laws undera written Constitution, is executing them, oragreeing to execute them when called on. Livingunder the government and submitting to laws, becausewe can't help ourselves, we consider innocent.But Mr. Mann takes it for granted that livingunder a government is the same thing as votingand taking office under it, and his argument rests,mainly, on this assumption. It is a fine specimenof arguing, in a circle. And it is as perfect a justificationof the Whigs and Democrats in theircourse as of the Free Soilers, if they think they cando more good by a pro-slavery than an anti-slaverycourse. They are the judges, and not Mr. Mann. they think We may condemn them, for we assume the inherentwickedness of slavery; accept the usual constructionof the Constitution, that certain clausesrelate to slavery; and then refuse to swear to supportit, by ourselves or our attorneys, simply becausewe don't mean to support it, and do meanto break it, in these particulars, as often as wehave a chance. This may not be great Statesmanship;but, I must say, it looks to me like commonsense and common honesty. The consequences arenone of our business. Toe slaves have no rightto ask me to tell a falsehood, or do a wrong act, toset them free to-morrow. And I hold returningfugitive slaves, or swearing to return them, or notto resist their return, to be very wicked things.And swearing to do these things, not intending todo them, after I have had the consideration, if notas wicked, is wicked enough, and much meaner.Our whole political morality lies in a nutshell.We do not mean to make promises which we donot mean to perform. I do not see anything inMr. Mann's whole letter of June 3d that touchesthis scruple; and, yet, it is the only point in disputebetween us. But I have taken up more than my share ofroom without reaching Mr. Mann's last letter.Perhaps I may something about it, next time—especiallyif the weather be as hot as it is to-day;for it is mighty easy writing.—-D.Y. 

 DR. JOHN V. DrGRASSE, M.D., OFFICE No. 40 POPLAR STREET,. . . . .BOSTON. FFICE OPLAR TREET 

 A highly important and instructive (!) letter,from the pen of Hon. Horace Mann, is publishedon our first page, in which that gentleman giveshis opinion in respect to voting under the Constitution,supposing it, in some sense, to support slavery.Like every thing else from Mr. Mann, thisletter is brilliant, eloquent and able. Its reasoningis powerful, and we see not how it can be answered.(!!) We shall, next week, lay before ourreaders another document from the same pen,which carries us gloriously (!!) to an ANTI-SLAVERYCONSTITUTION, by three distinct routes. (!!!) NTI LAVERY ONSTITUTION routes. !!! The first route is by the well-established andwell-understood rules of legal interpretation, asold as the science of law itself; this route conductsus unfailingly to an Anti-Slavery Constitution.The next is by a route a little less directthan the first, yet equally certain; it is contemporaneoushistory: this brings us, like the other, toan Anti-Slavery Constitution. The third is theplain, literal reading of the Constitution, whichdefies ingenuity itself to fasten slavery upon it.We shall publish this important letter next week. We look upon the Mann and Phillips' controversy,as the last serious one which we shall have onthe question of the propriety and rightfulness ofvoting under the Constitution. (!!!) Efforts topersuade abolitionists that it is a sin to vote forthe abolition of slavery, and that their true workis to dissolve the political Union between the confederatedStates, will, we trust, give place to efforts,more wisely directed, urging to the exercise,by the people, of all the moral, religious and politicalpower of the nation for the abolition of slavery.If this shall result from this controversy,it will not have been held in vain, and Mr. Mannwill have performed a most excellent work. The question whether an honest man can voteand hold office under the American Constitution,has been pressed by Mr. Garrison and his friendsduring the last ten years. They have held theConstitution to be 'a covenant with death and anagreement with hell,' and have, therefore, refusedto vote under it. The unsoundness of their conclusions,and the fallacies by which they havereached them, have been repeatedly exposed bysuch men as Lysander Spooner, Win. Goodell, AlvanStewart, and Gerrit Smith. Still, they haveheld on to their conclusions, and fancied themselvesto occupy what, in their humility, they arepleased to term 'HIGHER ROUND' than is occupiedby any other abolitionists beside. It is true thatslaveholders could ask no higher service from themthan that which they are promptly rendering;for what more do the slaveholders want than tohave the character of the Constitution, the characterof the great men who framed and adopted it,and the facts of history so perverted as to standbetween them and the terrible crime and scandalof slaveholding? They do not desire to be foundmore upright and just than the fundamental law ofthe land, or more virtuous than their revolutionaryfathers. The fact is, non-voting abolitionistshave been conscientiously weaving garments toshield the consciences of slaveholders during thelast ten years, claiming, all the while, that theyoccupy higher ground than all other opponents ofslavery. May we not now hope to hear no moreof it, in view of Horace Mann's extinguisher? (!!)—Frederick Douglass's Paper. Frederick Douglass's Paper. 

 THE Proceedings, in pamphlet from, of the PennsylvaniaYearly Meeting of Progressive Friends, recentlyheld at Old Kennett, embracing the Minutes, theExposition of Sentiments, the Testimonies on Intemperance,Slavery, War, Tobacco, &c., and the Letters addressedto the body by William Lloyd Garrison, TheodoreParker, T.W. Higginson, Cassius, M. Clay, andothers, are for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 21 Cornhill.Price, 10 cents single; $1 per dozen. HE ☞The avails will be expended in the gratuitouscirculation of the 'Exposition of Sentiments,' which hasbeen stereotyped for that purpose. Send in your ordersbefore the edition is exhausted. 

 HORACE MANN ON THE CONSTITUTION. In the lastLiberator, this noble champion of freedom criticallyexamines the several clauses in the Constitution ofthe United States, which have been relied upon bythe disunion abolitionists as proof of the pro-slaverycharacter of the document. It does seemto us that all who candidly read Mr. Mann's masterlyexposition must admit the conclusiveness ofhis reasoning. He shows, that when these clausesare interpreted according to their strict and legalsignification, they afford no support to slavery.And furthermore, that the Convention whichframed, as well as those who adopted the Constitution,understood those equivocal provisions in theinstrument, as referring to a temporary institutionwhoso early dissolution all, who took part in thebusiness at that time, anticipated. If we can, wewill publish the whole article.—R.I. Freeman—(Free Soil paper.) ORACE ANN ON THE ONSTITUTION. Liberator R.I. Freeman—(Free Soil paper.) 

 IT aims to attract the attention of children by simplicityof its contents. Its object has been, for eight yearspast, to infuse into the young mind appropriate sentimentsof respect for parents, sympathy for human suffering,and an abiding hatred of oppression in all itsforms. T The want of a Juvenile paper that shall give a properdirection to the youthful mind in these times of strifefor the supremacy of slavery, is felt by thousands whoknow not of the existence of this periodical, And yet,within the last eight years, it has moulded the minds ofthousands of children who have grown up to manhoodand womanhood, thoroughly, imbued with the love offreedom for all men. Price, 25 cts. per year, single copies; five copies toone address for $1 00; or $12 00 by the hundred, peryear. Postage in New York State, six cents per year—elsewhere, 12 cents. But in packages of 24 or more, thepostage, prepaid at the office of publication, is only fourcents each per year. Specimen number, free of charge, sent on applicationof the office of publication. LUCIUS C. MATLACK, Editor and Publisher, Editor and Publisher 60 South st., Syracues. June 24 3m 

 HORACK MANN has concluded his defence of hisposition as a voter and office-holder under the Constitution,in two letters, each filling nearly a pagein the Liberator. We see nothing in his argumentwhich we have not many times encountered in otherforms and from other pens. We regret that he hadnot offered it, in its proper time, when Mr. Phillipsso frequently and ineffectually invited him to giveit; though the personal rudeness and abusivenesswhich justified Mr. P's withdrawal from the controversymay have saved this fine word-castle froman examination, under which it would dissolve likefrost-work under sun-light. The Liberator hasshown a liberality in giving Mr. Mann, underthe circumstances, so large a space in its columns,which we shall gladly see reciprocated by the FreeSoil papers.—Pennsylvania Freeman. ORACK ANN Liberator. Liberator Pennsylvania Freeman. 

 THIS Institution is well arranged for the treatment ofindividuals at all seasons of the year. HIS TERMS, usually, for full board and treatment, from7 to $9 per week. For out of door treatment, $3 perweek. ERMS S. ROGERS, M.D. June 24, 1853. ly 

 RUNAWAY KILLED. On Saturday last, a runawaynegro was killed in the parish of East Baton Rouge,La., under the following circumstances: UNAWAY ILLED. Two citizens of Port Hudson, learning that anegro was at work on a flat-boat loading with sandjust below that place, who was suspected of beinga runaway, went down in a skiff for the purpose ofarresting him. Having seized him and put him inthe skiff, they started back, but had not proceededfar when the negro, who was at the oars, seized ahatchet and assaulted one of them, wounding himvery seriously. A scuffle ensued, during which bothparties fell overboard. They were both rescued bythe citizens pulling to them with a skiff. Findinghim so unmanageable, the negro was put ashore,and the parties returned to Port Hudson for armsand a pack of negro dogs, and started again withthe intention to capture him. They soon got on his trail, and when found again,he was standing at bay upon the outer edge of alarge raft of drift-wood, armed with a club andpistol. In this position, he bade defiance to men anddogs, knocking the latter into the water with hisclub, and threatening death to any man whoapproached him. Finding him obstinately determinednot to surrender, one of his pursuers shothim. He fell at the third fire, and so determinedwas he not to be captured, that, when an effort wasmade to rescue him from drowning, he made battlewith his club, and sunk waving his weapon inangry defiance at his pursuers. He refused togive the name of his owner.—Feliciana Whig. Feliciana Whig. ☞This case of desperate heroism on the one hand,and of diabolical cruelty on the other, is circulatingthrough the American journals without note or comment—as an item of intelligence merely, instead of its beinga transaction that should cause the earth to shudder,and fill with horror every humane breast. Yet it wasa lawful deed in a professedly Christian land! 

 OWING to the unparalleled draft upon our resources,during the past year, on account of the unexampledsale of Uncle Tom's Cabin, large number ofmost valuable manuscripts were obliged to lie untouchedin our safe, waiting a favorable moment to appear inprint. We have availed ourselves of the earliest moment,and now offer them to the readers of good books.Most of them are issued. Those still in press will bepublished specially. WING Uncle Tom's Cabin readers of good books. 

 The Convention went into Committee of theWhole, Mr. SCHOULER of Boston in the Chair, forthe consideration of the report of the Committeeon the Militia, on the petition of John P. Coburnand others, 'that the laws may be so modified thatno able-bodied male citizen may be forbidden orprevented from serving, or holding office or commissionin the militia on account of his color.'Upon the petition, the Committee reported— CHOULER 'That, in the opinion of the Committee, this Conventioncannot incorporate into the Constitution of Massachusetts,any provision which shall conflict with thelaws of the United States, and cannot therefore act inaccordance with the request of the petitioners. But,inasmuch as the present organization of the militia of theCommonwealth is founded upon a system of voluntary,and not of compulsory, service, a service not contemplatedby the laws of the United States, and as this systemauthorizes "the commander-in-chief, who may beauthorized, the mayor and aldermen of any city, or theselectmen of any town in the Commonwealth, to grantpetitions for raising companies at large, provided thewhole number of these companies shall not exceed onehundred and twenty," [1840, sec. 12. and 1848, chap.84, see. 4,] and as no reference is, in this provision ofthe law, made to color, the committee believe the wholesubject to be within the control and authority of the officersjust named. They therefore advise that it is inexpedientto act thereon.' Mr. WHITNEY of Boylston moved to strike outthe report, and insert instead a resolution, thatin the future enrolment of the militia of this Commonwealth,no distinction shall be made on accountof color. This amendment, after a brief debate,was rejected, 74 to 99, and the report was accepted.The Committee then rose and reported progress. HITNEY In Convention, Mr. WILSON of Natick moved tostrike out the last sentence of the report, and insertinstead the words— ILSON Resolved, That no distinction shall ever be made inthe organization of the volunteer militia of the Commonwealth,on account of color or race. Mr. WILSON supported his amendment in a briefspeech, arguing that nothing should be insertedin the Constitution that would have a tendency toabridge the rights and privileges of any citizen.Ho wanted the fundamental law so comprehensivethat all men, without distinction of race or color,might live under it. ILSON Mr. KEYES of Abington followed in support of theamendment. EYES Mr. BOUTWELL of Berlin, and Mr. ABBOTT ofLowell, opposed the amendment as being in directconflict with the Constitution. OUTWELL BBOTT Mr. OLIVER of Lawrence, Chairman of the MilitiaCommittee, defended the report. LIVER Mr. CHOATE of Boston said, that although he hadno very strong feeling upon the subject under discussion,he felt it his duty to say a word or two inaddition to what had already been said on the interestingmatter of national law, and the supposedconflict which was thought to arise, as developedby the proposition of the gentleman from Natick,[Mr. Wilson.] If the amendment meant merely toauthorize the Governor to organize a company ofmen in such a way as to place them beyond the effectof our criminal law, in consequence of suchorganization,—if it meant the withdrawing thesepersons from the operation of that part of ourcriminal code which would subject them to prosecutionfor riot,—if it meant to organize a mereand strictly insulated local police, forming no partof the militia of the nation, not coming withintheir name, not entitled to serve in their ranks,not subjected to the code of law by which they aregoverned—but a mere insulated and discriminatedlocal police—then there was no conflict at all, thathe (Mr. Choate) could see. But if it was proposedto make an organization which shall form any partof the national army, who shall stand upon theparade under the stars and stripes on an equalitywith the citizen soldiery of the land—he meant, hesaid, an equality under the law—forming a part ofthat institution, bearing its name, and subject toits regulation and control and discipline,—theamendment proposed was a manifest violation, hethought, of the Constitution of the United States.He differed with the gentleman from Marshfield(Mr. Sumner) and others, in the opinions whichthey had expressed upon the comparative and relativejurisdiction between the State of Massachusettsand the United States, in regard to this matterof the militia. The grant of power to the generalgovernment was not exclusive; that was perfectlywell established; and although Congress mayor may not have taken the matter in hand, yet, justso for as it left the ground uncovered, the Statesmay intervene and make a militia law of their own.Unless, therefore, you can raise a direct conflict inregard to this particular subject matter of ourlegislation and the legislation of Congress, there isno conflict at all. But with regard to the motionsubmitted by the gentleman from Marshfield, lastevening, he was prepared to show that it was unwarrantedby the Constitution of the UnitedStates. HOATE It was perfectly competent for this Commonwealth,in its constitutional capacity, in its relationto the Union, to make an organic law thatshall re-enact every provision in the Constitutionof the United States, and every provision in everylaw of the United States, upon the subject of themilitia—from the beginning to the end—yes, wemay re-enact it, we may legislate or ordain anauxiliary reference to it—we may do anything andeverything till we come to the point of direct conflict,and no further. There is not a word in theease of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania,—which had beenalluded to upon this point,—impugning this positionThe Prigg case stood alone, and would standalone till the end of our national time, an adjudicationupon the Fugitive Slave Law, and nothingelse. He could not adopt the doctrine, that thelegislation of the general government was exclusivein its nature until its acts. When it acts andcovers the matter, we cannot avoid it. We maygo up to it, we may go round it, but we cannotgo in conflict with a national law. In regard to the inquiry, as to what would bethe result of sending a colored commander-in-chiefat the head of the Massachusetts militia in responseto a notional call for military, the Attorney Generalsaid he found no difficulty in the solution ofthat question. The federal laws had furnished anapt answer. The general government had legislated,and bad covered the whole ground. It hadlegislated by definition—it had created a notionalmilitia—and had identified it and made it homogeneous;ascertained it particularly and practicallyin point of law, by prefixing the epithet 'white'.It has national legislation completely and exclusivelyof the entire subject matter, and hence itcomes to be merely a question as to what you willdo; it comes to be true by necessary consequence—perceived instantly by the gentleman from Natick,and not doubted even by the impassioned and eloquentgentleman from Abington, (Mr. Keyes)—itcomes to he the concession of every one, that thatis the fundamental and paramount and supreme law.If that be so, (said Mr. Choate,) whatever youdesire it may be worth, you can raise no coloredregiment or part of a regiment, that shall be of themilitia of the United States—none whatever. Itthen becomes a question what such a companywould be, and whether it was worth while to makeany provision for its organization. He would tellthe Convention what, in his judgment, the StateLegislature could constitutionally do—though perhapsit might be said it was not necessary to interferein the matter—and that was, that the Governormay authorize colored citizens to organize themselveswith arms in their hands, to procure the flagof our country, and march with a band of musicat their bead, without violating the provisions ofour criminal law in that respect. It may be ordainedthat such an organization, marching inour streets, shall not be taken and deemed to be ariot—that it is not such an organization as wouldproduce terror in the minds of those peaceablydisposed. But it is certain, that if they were togo upon parade and win Bunker Hills, yet theynever can be a part of the militia of the UnitedStates. No court martial can ever touch a hair oftheir head—no military court of the United Statescan come near them—no military court can knowthem or recognize them in any way; and whilethe white volunteer, who stands side by side withthe colored soldier, may look to one pension, andfeel that he is subject to one administration ofcriminal law, none of these things can appertainto any person of color. That was the difficulty.Whether humanity and. philanthropy would bepromoted by adopting the proposition which hadbeen offered, and what would be its effect uponthe white volunteer, he did not pretend to predict.Ho was not a military man, either in taste or spirit;but however strange it might sound to hear himsay so, he was a 'philanthropist and humaneman'; but he did not see his way clear on thepoint of utility. Nay more, he did not see howhe could do any thing for this colored race, by puttingthem in one of the high places of the Commonwealth,with weapons in their hands, and allowour glorious banner to throw around them allthe pomp and parade and condition of war; thecolor cleaves to them there, and on parade is onlythe more conspicuous. Gentlemen might differfrom him in the opinion he had expressed—on thatpoint he had nothing to say. He rose merely forthe purpose of attempting to clear the idea in regardto the relation of the Constitution and law ofthe United States to our laws, on this subject ofthe militia. He held that on that subject we do asmuch harm by giving to the general governmenttoo much power as too little. The true rule wasthe exact measure of right between both. He repeated,that by the exposition of the law, Congressgets no such exclusive power, but that we may armand train our militia just as we please; but heheld, that when we come to legislate and cover agiven ground, we cannot go beyond the Constitutionof the United States. 'white'.  Mr. WILSON of Natick asked the Attorney General,if, in his opinion, the law of the United Stateswould forbid the Governor of this Commonwealth,the commander-in-chief of the voluntary militia ofthis Commonwealth, to act as such, in calling themout to suppress a riot: and in connection withthese same questions, he also asked whether a coloredman may not be one of the volunteer militia. ILSON Mr. CHOATE answered, that the President of theUnited States had no power, perhaps not in anycase, to prohibit the Governor from doing this orthat. It was not the mode in which the generalgovernment exerted its jurisdiction on States, or onGovernors of States. But the difficulty was this:Suppose the President cannot prohibit, and thegovernment does call on such a company, what arethey when called out? The militia, or a part ofthe militia of the United States? Certainly not,as he viewed the law in reference to it. HOATE Mr. SUMNER of Marshfield suggested, that if thegentleman from Natick would modify his amendmentso as to insert instead of the word 'militia,'the words 'military companies,' the objections presentedby the Attorney General would be avoided,and our militia would be consistent with federal law. UMNER Mr. WILSON modified his resolution in the mannersuggested. ILSON Mr. HALLETT of Wilbraham expressed astonishmentat the views put forth by the member fromMarshfield. If volunteer 'military companies' didnot mean 'militia,' what did they mean? If theywere not the militia of the United States, we hadbeen improperly receiving, year after year, thesums of money payable in arms to the severalStates for military service. ALLETT Mr. WILSON asked the member from Wilbrahamwhat would be the consequence of sending a coloredcommander-in-chief, at the head of our Statemilitia, to the service of the United States? It wascompetent for Massachusetts to elect a coloredGovernor, and he would like to know what theUnited States would do about it, if this Stateshould send a colored chief officer to head her militia? ILSON Mr. HALLETT thought that the Attorney Generalhad already answered that question. If the gentlemanfrom Natick was not satisfied with the replyof the learned Attorney General, he (Mr. Hallett)would say, that if Massachusetts should send acolored commander-in-chief at the head of her militia,the United States would not recognize his authority,and would at once supersede him. Therewas law for this assertion—constitutional law—clear and well-defined. ALLETT Mr. BARTLETT of Boston thought the questionunder consideration a practical as well as a legalquestion. If it was desirable to have a colored organizationdistinct from the militia, but yet clothedwith power to carry arms, and in all respects assimilatingto a military organization—that was amatter of State right. But what was meant by'volunteer military companies'? Did the gentlemanfrom Marshfield mean a new theory hithertounknown in this Commonwealth? If he meantthat, the proposition ought to be distinctly statedto the Convention. Our volunteer system was partof the militia of the United States, and it was notcompetent to do any act that was manifestly inconsistentwith the national law. ARTLETT Mr. ABBOTT of Lowell, after saying that he hadconsulted with several gentlemen on the subject,and that they agreed with him to let this part ofour fundamental law remain untouched, moved tolay the report upon the table. BBOTT And this motion was sustained without a division. IN CONVENTION, June 21. N ONVENTION The resolves and articles of amendment on thesubject of the militia were taken up—question onfinal passage. Mr. WHITNEY, of Boylston, opposed the resolve,ridiculing the volunteer militia, as men engagedin childish amusement. He expressed himself apprehensiveof another war with Mexico, to bebrought about by the evil influence of slavery;but he would meet any foreign invasion by a peacefulproclamation, appealing to the common sentimentof humanity. He believed the adoption ofthese resolves would injure the Free Democraticparty, by alienating those in favor of peace doctrines. HITNEY Mr. KEYES, of Abington, considered the militiaas of some service in large towns, but was of opinionthat when brought into conflict with a foreignfoe, they were sometimes prone to 'devour thepaths of flight.' He would vote for those resolutions,because the times required them, and becausethe 'good time coming' had not yet come. EYES Mr. WILSON, of Natick, denied that this was anyboon granted to the militia. It was only carryingout what was already provided in the Constitutionand laws of the United States. He repudiated theidea of gaining or losing votes from any action onthis subject, believing that the militia, as such,would only obey orders, without discussing constitutionalquestions. He was in favor of peacemeasures, but would never abolish the militia tillevery tyrant on the earth should be put down,and the people should have their rights. ILSON Mr. FOSTER, of Charlemont, believed that it wasonly war that makes, and will continue to maketyrants, and that peace alone would put themdown. OSTER Mr. SUMNER, of Marshfield, contended that therewere too many of these resolutions, some conflictingwith the power of the General Government toorganize and discipline the militia, and some enteringinto details which should be left to the Legislature.He moved to amend by substituting resolvesproviding, 1st. That the Governor shall beCommander in Chief of the Army and Navy ofthe Commonwealth, and of the militia thereof exceptwhen these forces are actually in the serviceof the United States, and shall have power to callout the militia to execute the laws, suppress insurrection,or repel invasion. 2d. The appointmentof officers and the training of the militiashall be regulated in such manner as may hereafterbe deemed expedient by the Legislature; andall persons who from scruples of conscience maybe averse to bearing arms shall be excused there-from,upon conditions prescribed by law. UMNER 

 This volume is designed, in a measure, as a contrastto that charming little book, Sunny Side, and we doubtnot that it will meet with quite as favorable a receptionas that work. It is written in an admirable style, andhe who commences its perusal will hardly be able to stopuntil he has gone through. Price 75 cts. Sunny Side 

 I have a suggestion to make to my friend opposite,[Mr. Wilson,] in regard to the form of hisproposition, which, if he will accept it, will, as itseems to me, absolutely remove his propositionfrom the criticism of my most eloquent friend beforeme, [Mr. Choate,] and from the criticism ofother gentlemen who nave addressed the Convention.I suggest to him to strike out the word'militia,' and substitute therefor the words 'militarycompanies,' so that his proposition will read'that in the organization of the volunteer militarycompanies of the Commonwealth, there shall be nodistinction of color or race.' Mr. WWILSON. I accept the suggestion, and willamend my proposition accordingly. WILSON. Mr. SUMNER. Now that proposition, as amended,I submit, is absolutely consistent with the Constitutionof the United States, and, I believe, inconformity with the public sentiment of Massachusetts. UMNER. A brief inquiry will show that it is consistentwith the Constitution of the United States, and inno respect interferes with the organization of theNational Militia. That Constitution provides 'fororganizing, arming and disciplining a militia, andgives Congress full power over the subject. To bemore explicit, I will read the clause. It is foundin the lone list of enumerated powers of Congress,and is as follows:—'Congress shall have power toprovide for organizing, arming and disciplining themilitia, and of governing such part of them asmay be employed in the service of the United States,reserving to the States respectively the appointmentof the officers, and the authority of trainingthe militia, according to the discipline prescribedby Congress.' And then at the close of the sectionit is further declared 'that Congress shall make alllaws which shall be necessary and proper for carryinginto execution the foregoing powers.' alllaws which shall be necessary and proper In pursuance of this power, Congress have proceededby various laws, 'to provide for organizing,arming and disciplining the militia, and for governingsuch part of them as may be engaged in theservice of the United States.' The earliest ofthese laws, which is still in force, is entitled, 'Anact more effectually to provide for the national defence,by establishing an uniform militia throughoutthe United States.' [Act of May 8th, 1792, ch.33.] This has been followed by several acts inaddition thereto. Congress, then, have undertakento exercise the power of 'organizing' the militiaunder the Constitution. establishing an uniform And here the question arises, to what extent, ifany, this power, when already exercised by Congress,is exclusive in its character. Among thepowers delegated to Congress, there may be somewhich are not for the time being, exercised. Forinstance, there is the power 'to fix the standardof weights and measures.' Practically this hasnever been exercised by Congress; but it has beenleft to each State within its own jurisdiction. Onthe other hand, there is a power belonging to thesame group, 'to establish uniform laws on the subjectof bankruptcies throughout the United States,'which, when exercised by Congress, has been heldso far exclusive, as to avoid at once all the bankruptand insolvent laws of the several States. Sir, I might go over all the powers of Congress,and find constant illustration of the subject. Forinstance, there is the power 'to establish an uniformrule of naturalization,' on which Chief JusticeMarshall once remarked:—'That the power ofnaturalization is exclusively in Congress, does notseem to be, and certainly ought not to be controverted.'There is the power 'to regulate commercewith foreign nations and among the severalStates,' which was early declared by the SupremeCourt to be exclusive, so as to prevent the exerciseof any part of it by the States. There is thepower over patents and copyrights, which has alsobeen regarded as exclusive. So, also, is the power'to define and punish piracies and felonies, committedon the high seas, and offences against thelaw of nations.' So; also, is still another power,viz.: 'to establish post-offices and post-roads.' Allof these powers, as in the case of the power overthe National Militia, have been exercised by Congress,and even if not absolutely exclusive in theiroriginal character, have become so by the exercise. exclusively Now, sir, upon what ground do gentlemen makeany discrimination in the case of the power overthe national militia? I know of no ground whichseems to be tenable. It is natural that the Statesshould desire to exercise this power, since it wasso important to them before the Union; but I donot see how any discrimination can be maintainedat the present time. Whatever may have been theoriginal importance of the militia to each State,yet when the Constitution of the United Stateswas formed, and Congress exercised the powerdelegated to it over this subject, the militia of theseveral States was absorbed into one uniform body,organized, armed, and disciplined as the NationalMilitia. To the States respectively was left, accordingto the express language of the Constitution,'the appointment of the officers and the authorityof training the militia, according to the disciplineprescribed by Congress.' To this we may add theimplied power of 'governing' them when in theservice of the State. This is all. The distinctspecification of certain powers, as reserved to theStates, seems to exclude them from the exercise ofall others, which are not specified or clearly implied.In other words, they are excluded from all powerover the 'organizing, arming, and disciplining themilitia,'—at least after Congress have undertakento enact laws for this purpose. The history of the adoption of the several partsof this clause in the Federal Convention reflectslight upon its true meaning. The first part, in regardto organizing, arming, and disciplining themilitia, was passed by a vote of nine States againsttwo; the next referring the appointment of officersto the States, after an ineffectual attempt to amendit by confining the appointment to officers underthe rank of general officers, was passed without adivision; and the last, reserving to the States theauthority to train the militia, according to the disciplineprescribed by Congress, was passed by avote of seven States against four. It seems, then,that there was a strong opposition in the Convention,even to the express reservation to the Statesof 'the authority of training the militia.' Butthis power is not reserved unqualifiedly. TheStates are to train the militia 'according to thediscipline prescribed by Congress;' not according toany discipline determined by the States, or by theStates concurrently with the General Government;but absolutely according to the discipline prescribed byCongress; nor more, nor less; thus distinctly recognizingthe exclusive character of the legislationof Congress on this subject. discipline prescribed according to the discipline prescribed byCongress; This interpretation derives confirmation from themanner in which the militia of England was constitutedor organized at the time of the adoption ofthe Federal Constitution. To the crown was giventhe 'sole right to govern and command them,'though they were 'officered' by the Lord Lieutenantof the county, the deputy Lieutenant, andother principal landholders of the county. Thecommentaries of Sir William Blackstone, fromwhich this description is drawn, were familiar tothe members of the Convention; and it is reasonableto suppose that in the distribution of powersbetween the General Government and the States, onthis subject, the peculiar arrangement which prevailedin the mother country was not disregarded. 'sole right If it should be said that the adoption of thisconclusion would affect the character of many lawsenacted by States, and thus far recognized asancillary to the National Militia, it may be repliedthat the possibility of these consequences cannotjustly influence our conclusions on a question whichmust be determined by acknowledged principles ofconstitutional law. In obedience to these same principles,the Supreme Court, in the case of Prigg vs.Pennsylvania, have pronounced an opinion, whichhas annulled a large number of statutes in differentStates. Mr. Justice Wayne in this case said:'That the legislation by Congress upon the provision,as the supreme law of the land, excludes all Statelegislation on the same subject; and that no State canpass any law or regulation, or interpose such asmay have been a law or regulation when the Constitutionof the United States was ratified, to superaddto, control, qualify, or impede a remedy enactedby Congress for the delivery of fugitive slavesto the parties to whom their service or labor is due.' Prigg vs.Pennsylvania excludes all Statelegislation on the same subject; to superaddto Without the sanction of any express words in theConstitution, and chiefly, if not solely, in view ofthe importance of consulting 'unity of purpose oruniformity of operation' in the legislation withregard to fugitive slaves, they have excluded theStates from all sovereignty in the premises. Now if this rule be applicable to the power overfugitive slaves, it is also applicable to the powerover the militia. Indeed, I know of no powerwhich so absolutely requires what has been regardedas an important criterion, 'unity of purpose oruniformity of operation,' as that over the militia.No true military organization can spring from oppositeor inharmonious systems; and all systemsproceeding from different sources are liable to beopposite or inharmonious. Now, sir, let us apply this reasoning in the matterin hand, that we may arrive at a just conclusion.In Massachusetts, there now exists, and has for along time existed, an anamolous system, familiarlyand loosely described as the Volunteer Militia, notcomposed absolutely of those enrolled under thelaws of the United States, but a smaller, moreselect and peculiar body.' Now it cannot be doubtedthat the State, by virtue of its police powers withinits own borders, would have power to constituteor organize a body of volunteers, to aid in enforcingits laws. But it does not follow that it will havepower to constitute or organize a body of volunteers,who shall be regarded as a part of the NationalMilitia. And, sir, I make bold to say thatthe volunteer militia—I prefer to call it the volunteermilitary companies—cannot be regarded as apart of the National Militia. It is no part of thatuniform militia which it was the object of the earlyAct of Congress to organize. 'It may appear to bea part of this system—it may affect to be; but, Isubmit, it is a mistake to suppose that it is so inany just constitutional sense. police powers volunteers uniform militia As a local system, disconnected from the nationalmilitia, and not in any way constrained by itsorganization, it is within our jurisdiction. We arefree to declare the principles which shall govern it.We may declare that, whatever may be the existinglaw of the United States with regard to its enrolledmilitia—and with this I propose no interference,because it would be futile—I say, Massachusetts,may proudly declare that, in her ownvolunteer military companies, marshalled under herown local laws, there shall be no distinction ofcolor or race. 

 This most interesting work contains the history of thelast days of this distinguished man, and the account ofhis numerous interviews and conventions with hispastor, Mentor, through whose instrumentality be wasled to abandon his skepticism, and embrace the religionof Jesus. Price 62 1-2 cts. 

 The MASSACHUSETTS ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY will holda Mass Meeting, in honor and for the promotion of thetrue principles of Liberty and Independence, at ABINGTON,in the well-known Grove near the Centreof the town, on MONDAY, JULY 4th. ASSACHUSETTS NTI LAVERY OCIETY Eloquent Speaking, the Songs of Freedom, Social Intercourse,with pic-nic entertainments, together withthe natural attractions of the place and its scenery, allcombine to invite a large gathering of the friends ofreedom on the approaching, as on former anniversaries. It is expected that WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON, WENDELLPHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, CHARLES L. REMOND,Rev. CALEB STETSON, Rev. ANDREW T. FOSS, WILLIAMJ. WATKINS, and several other speakers will attend. ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY HARLES EMOND ALEB TETSON NDREW OSS ILLIAM ATKINS ☞The Old Colony Railroad declining this year toafford the accustomed accommodation of, reduced fareand special trains, all who go by that road must take,of course, the regular trains. Those leave Boston, at8, A.M.; and Plymouth, at 6 1/4 and 10, A.M. Returning,leave the Grove for Boston, at 5 1/2, P.M, forPlymouth, about 6, P.M. Fare, Boston to Abington,and back, $1 16; Plymouth to Abington, and back,$1 10; children under fifteen, half-price. Old Colony Railroad Boston Plymouth ☞Cold water in abundance will be furnished inthe Grove; and there will be an ample supply of provisionsfor sale. If the weather is unfavorable, the meeting will beheld in the Town Hall, in the immediate vicinity. FRANCIS JACKSON,BOURNE SPOONER,SAMUEL MAY, JR.,LEWIS FORD,THOMAS J. HUNT,BRIGGS ARNOLD,SAMUEL DYER,ELBRIDGE SPRAGUE,}CommitteeofArrange'is. CommitteeofArrange'is. 

 We need not inform the public that any work fromMr. Spooner's pen would be one of great research andlearning—his logical acuteness as a writer is too wellknown. This, his last, and perhaps his greatest effort,on the Trial by Jury, is destined to create a commotionin the world. Jurymen will learn their rights and dutiesfrom it, and also learn to what an alarming extenttheir rights have been encroached upon. We bespeakfor this able treatise a candid personal. Price—$1.25in cloth; $1.50 in law sheep. 

 Is it necessary to ask any friend of the anti-slaverycause, who can do so without much sacrifice or great inconvenience,to attend the Anti-Slavery Celebration ofJULY 4th, on Monday next, in the beautiful Grove atAbington? We know of no other similar consecrationof the day to the cause of the fettered millions in ourland, in any part of the Commonwealth. This indicateshow little they are thought of—on an occasion, too,when their claims to popular sympathy and aid shouldbe regarded as paramount to all other considerations.While their gronus are ascending to Heaven, and theirchains are clanking in the ear of an astonished world,it is a horrible mockery, and the climax of effrontery,to join in what are called 'patriotic' observances of theday, and to boast of our national freedom and independence.Away with all such shams! Not while everysixth person in the land is a chattel slave can we,as a people, pretend to worship at the shrine of Liberty.Sackcloth and ashes, and humble confession of sin,and earnest supplication for the mercy of God, aremuch more appropriate to our state. Though theFOURTH may be usefully observed in promoting manygood enterprises, we think it ought to be specially andvery generally, if not exclusively, devoted to the overthrowof the slave system, that liberty may be thebirthright of every one who treads on American soil. ULY OURTH 'Friends of your country, of your race,Of Freedom, and of God,Combine Oppression to efface,And break th' oppressor's rod;All traces of injustice sweep,By moral power, away—Then a glorious jubilee we 'II keepOn Independence day!'        

 Illustrated with 50 superb designs by Billings, engravedby Baker, Smith by Andrews, Price, 50 cts. Illustrated with 50 superb designs by Billings, engravedby Baker, Smith by Andrews, Price, 50 cts. This superb volume in its typography and illustrations,and elegant in its composition, being one of thefinest productions of its accomplished author, is offeredo the public in this most attractive form, with thehope the thousands may peruse its glowing pages, andfrom them receive fresh stimulus in their efforts to elevatehumanity from degradation and wrong. They willlearn from it that in years past, White Men as well asBlacks have felt the galling yoke of slavery. White Men The above valuable works are published by And for sale by Booksellers generally. 

 We have copied from the Courier, a sketch of a debatewhich took place in the Massachusetts ConstitutionalConvention, a few days since, on the report of acommittee on the petition of John P. Coburn and others,praying that the State Constitution may be so amendedas to remove the disabilities of colored citizensfrom holding military commissions and serving in themilitia. We also publish the remarks of Hon. CHARLESSUMNER on the same subject, as officially reported forthe Commonwealth. Of course—believing that all war,and all preparations for war, are contrary to humanity—we feel no other interest in this subject than thatwhich concerns the equal rights of all classes in theState. After various attempts either to compromise orto dodge the question, it was laid on the table without adivision, from which it will not probably be taken. Soour colored citizens are still to remain proscribed, andthey seek redress in vain at the hands of this Reform (?)Convention. It will be seen that while Messrs. Sumnerand Wilson, of the Free Soil party, attempted (in vain)to get an acknowledgment of the right of our coloredcitizens to be formed into volunteer military companies,neither of those gentlemen raised any objection whateverto their being ostracized by the laws of Congress pertainingto the militia of the United States, but submissivelyacquiesced without a murmur! Under the Constitutionof the United States, it was virtually admittedby them that the citizens of Massachusetts are not permittedto exercise equal rights nor to enjoy equal privileges—that a portion of them, in consequence of theircomplexion, are incapable of being recognized as a partof the militia of the United States—and that Massachusettshas no other alternative than to submit to this insult,in loyal servility of spirit! And this is as far asthe Free Soil champions dare to go! Courier HARLES UMNER Commonwealth. MR. MANN'S LETTERS. Mr. Mann's letters to Mr.Garrison, which we have now given to our readers,seem to us unanswerable. His statement and argumentsare so clear and convincing, that they must commandthe assent of every man who reads them candidly.We especially commend to the attention of oar readersthe last letter of Mr. Mann, which we publish to-day.In this letter, he carefully and thoroughly discussesthose clauses of the Constitution which our Garrisonianfriends usually specify when they denounce the constitutionaloath. We do not see how Mr. Garrison candispose of this letter, or evade its force, unless the longhabit of hostility to the Constitution disqualifies to considerit fairly. ANN'S ETTERS. Mr. Mann holds that the clause in the Constitutionrelative to the delivering up fugitives from service doesnot present a matter for legislation, and that constitutionallyit can only raise a question for the courts, whereit cannot be interpreted to mean slaves, without a departurefrom all just rules of interpretation. But wewill not undertake to give an analysis of this letter.Every one will read it for himself, and, we think, noanti-slavery man who reads it faithfully will be muchinclined to adopt Mr. Garrison's view of the Constitution,and become a non-voter.—Commonwealth of Tuesday. Commonwealth of Tuesday. ☞The Commonwealth does not see how we can'dispose of Mr. Mann's letter, or evade its force.' Supposewe allow Mr. Mann to refute himself, and so saveus all trouble on that more. Please, therefore, to 'read,mark, learn, and inwardly digest' the following extractsfrom a volume, entitled 'SLAVERY—LETTERS ANDSPENCHES, BY HORACE MANN, the First Secretary of theMassachusetts Board of Education,' published by B.B.Mussey &Co., Boston, 1851:— Commonwealth LAVERY ETTERS AND PENCHES ORACE ANN 'The debates in all the conventions for adopting theConstitution of the United States, proceed upon theground that slavery depends upon positive law for itsexistence. If it did not,—if a man who has a legalright to a slave in Virginia, has a legal right to him anywhere,—then the provision in the Constitution, and theact of 1793, for recapturing FUGITIVE SLAVES, wouldhave been unnecessary.'—p.157. the provision in the Constitution UGITIVE LAVES 'In regard to this whole matter of slavery, the Constitutiontouches the subject with an averted face. Theabhorred word 'slave' is no where mentioned in it.The Constitution is ashamed to utter such a name. Thecountry, coming fresh from that baptism of fire,—theAmerican Revolution,—would not profane its lips withthis unhallowed word. Hence, circumlocution is resortedto. It steks to escape a guilty confession. Likea culprit, in whom some love of character still survives,IT SPEAKS OF ITS OFFENCE WITHOUT CALLING IT BYNAME. It uses the reputable and honorable word "persons,"instead of the accursed word "slaves." As theTyrian Queen, about to perpetrate a deed which wouldconsign her character to infamy, called it by the sacredname of "marriage," and committed it,— 'slave' circumlocution is resortedto. It steks to escape a guilty confession. Likea culprit, in whom some love of character still survives called it by the sacredname of "marriage," and committed it "Hoc pratexit nomine culpam;" "Hoc pratexit nomine culpam;" So the Constitution, ABOUT TO RECOGNIZE THE MOSTGUILTY AND CRUEL OF ALL RELATIONS BETWEEN MAN ANDMAN, sought to avert its eyes from the act, and to pacifythe remonstrances of conscience against every participationin the crime, by hiding the deed under a reputable word.'—pp. 168-9. by hiding the deed under a reputable word.' 'It will be seen from all this, that the word 'person'is used in the Constitution in the most comprehensivesense. It embraces Indians, if taxed; it embraces nativesof Africa; it embraces apprentices AND SLAVES,or those held to service or labor; and it embraces everycitizen, from the humblest to the highest, from the mosttrue to the most treasonable. It embraces all, from THESLAVE to the President of the United States.'—p. 172. 'person' it embraces nativesof Africa; 'The Constitution proceeds upon this doctrine whenIT PROVIDES FOR THE RECAPTURE OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.'* * * 'An escaped slave could not be recoveredbefore the adoption of the Constitution. THE POWER TOSRIZE UPON ESCAPING SLAVES WAS ONE OF THE MOTIVESFOR ADOPTING IT.'—pp. 195-6. before the adoption of the Constitution. 'The Constitution of the United States, and the lawof 1798, being at an end, THE LAW OF NATURE REVIVES.'* * * 'The States being separated, Iwould as soon return my own brother or sister intobondage, as I would return a fugitive slave.' The Constitution of the United States, and the lawof 1798, being at an end 'The States being separated 'The day for the power and the triumph of those whomyou hate as abolitionists will [then] have arrived.To guard twenty-five hundred miles of coast is impossible.If you declare war in order to avenge your losses,then that war makes your coast lawfully accessible bothby day and by night, and multiplies a hundred fold theopportunities and facilities for this self-recovery of stolengoods.'—pp. 207-8. 'In regard to instigating slaves to escape, I acknowledgethere have been some instances of it; but they have been few. The perpetrators have been tried,and severely punished, and THE NORTH HAS ACQUIESCED.* * * But will separation bring relief or security?No, sir; it will enhance the danger [of insurrection]a myriad fold. Thousands will start up, who will thinkit as much a duty and an honor to assist the slaves inany contest with their masters, as to assist Greeks, orPoles, or Hungarians, in resisting their tyrants. Twothings exist at the North, which the South does not dulyappreciate,—the depth and intensity of our abhorrencefor slavery, and that reverence for the law which keepsit IN CHECK. (!) The latter counterpoises the former. (!)We are a law-abiding people. But, release us from ourOBLIGATIONS—tear off from THE BOND, with your ownhands, THE SIGNATURES WHICH BIND OUR CONSCIENCESAND REPRESS OUR FEELINGS—destroy those compensationswhich the world and which posterity would derivefrom a continuance of this Union, and well may youtremble for the result.'—pp. 212-13. but they have been few. severely punished HE ORTH HAS ACQUIESCED. reverence for the law which keepsit The latter counterpoises the former. release us from our 'Even when our own Constitution was formed, in1787, this dreadful traffic was not only sanctioned, butA SOLEMN COMPACT WAS ENTERED INTO, BY WHICH ALLPROHIBITION OF IT WAS PROHIBITED FOR TWENTY YEARS.'—p. 220. our own Constitution this dreadful traffic was not only sanctioned 'Even should the Supreme Court of the United Statesdeclare the [Fugitive Slave] law to be constitutional,then, though we must acknowledge their decision, as tothe point decided, to be THE LAW OF THE LAND, until itis set aside, yet, without any disrespect to that tribunal,we may still adhere to our former opinion.'—p. 402. we must acknowledge their decision until itis set aside 'The relation of the government of the United Statesto slavery consists in this, and in this alone: that whenthis government was created, slavery existed in a portionof the States; and, by certain provisions in theConstitution, the existence of this slavery was recognized,and certain RIGHTS and DUTIES in relation toit were respectively ACKNOWLEDGED and ASSUMED.'* *'The officers of the State governments being sworn tosupport the Constitution of the United States, the governmentsof the free States are implicated INDIRECTLYin the matter of slavery, as the government of the UnitedStates is DIRECTLY, and not otherwise.'—p. 416. by certain provisions in theConstitution certain and in relation toit were respectively and the governmentsof the free States are implicated in the matter of slavery, as the government of the UnitedStates is 'In those provisions of the Constitution which wereDESIGNED for the temporary PROTECTION OF SLAVERY, acommon regard for decency forbade the mention of itsname.'—p. 474. which were 'We in Massachusetts are a Union-loving and law-abidingpeople. Mr. Webster and his 'retainers' mayspare their breath in exhorting us to abide by theUnion. Such a work, in this Commonwealth, is a workof supererogation. He knows, and they know, that thenumber of disunionists in this State can be counted ona man's fingers and toes. Whatever influence theyexert must flow from their seal, their talents, and theirprivate character; for they derive none from numericalforce. Were they all to settle in one of our small towns,they would be out-voted by its inhabitants.'—pp. 475-476. 'We are not only Union-loving men, but, as I saidbefore, we are law-abiding men. Had this not been so,not all the fleets and armies in the world could havecarried Thomas Sims into bondage.'* * * 'Thisside of a just cause for revolution, they will yield submissionto all laws enacted by the government, with onesingle exception. The exception I mean, embracesthose laws of men which are clearly contrary to the lawof God.'—p. 477. 'To leave metaphor for literal speech: The Constitutionof the United States gave the most comprehensiveand fundamental guaranties in favor of freedom, withhere and there only an exception in behalf of slavery.'—p. 540. withhere and there only an exception in behalf of slavery. Now what does the Commonwealth say to all this?Has the Constitution been amended since 1851? At thattime, according to Mr. Mann—and his admissions areas true now as they were then—the Constitution 'providedfor the recapture of fugitive slaves'; it 'recognizedthe most guilty and cruel of all relations betweenman and man'; it 'here and there had an exception infavor of slavery'; in certain of its provisions, 'it acknowledgedand assumed certain rights (!) and duties(!) in relation to slavery'; 'the power to seize uponescaping slaves was one of the motives for adopting it';its slaveholding obligations served to 'bind our consciencesand repress our feelings' on the subject of slavery;it enabled the South to keep their slaves securelyin their chains, and make the danger of insurrectioncomparatively insignificant,—&c. &c. Either the Constitutionis now wholly unlike what it was two yearsago, or Mr. Mann has suddenly turned an extraordinarysomerset. And thus it is we 'dispose of his letter.' Commonwealth 

 'And that ye break every yoke.'The loud notes are echoing o'er land-and o'er sea;'Tis the march of the nineteenth century—The quickstep of struggling humanity;Unbind—unbind! every     Unbind!There are millions of hearts now keeping timeTo that clarion voice; for its notes sublimeAre rousing the slumberers of every clime;Unbind—unbind!     Unbind!The slave hears the sound in the cane-fields afar;He is dreaming of freedom—he will follow her star;There are some who the wanderer's way will unbar!Unbind-unbind!     Unbind!What though the monarch still sport with his crown,And the vaunting false priest wear the surplice andgown?The people are mighty, and power must how down!Unbind-unbind!      Unbind!The bridle of Custom is fast on us still—Her bit in our teeth—and she guides us at will;Poor fools! how she drives us o'er many a hill:Unbind-unbind!     Unbind!The world leads us captive; but we forge our ownchain,And wear it in spite of the gall and the pain;Still we hoist up our banner, and strive to sustain:Unbind—unbind!      Unbind!The loud notes are echoing o'er land and o'er sea;'Tis the march of the nineteenth century—The death-song of wrinkled Tyranny:Unbind—unbind!     JANE GAY. ANE AY. Scotland, Connecticut. 

 TO THE BOSTON OF THE LIBERATOR: O THE OSTON OF THE IBERATOR SIR,—I noticed in THE LIBERATOR of May 20th, acommunication heeded 'U.S. Constitution,' and signedJ.P.B., in which the writer; after having noticed thecontroversy between Mr. Mann and Mr. Phillips, refersto a communication in THE LIBERATOR April 22d,taken from the Anti-Slavery Standard, and signed'D.Y.,' and says, 'I trust you will not deem it intrusivein me to reply to the two questions in that communication,which seem to be addressed to the public atlarge.' Now, Mr. Editor, I trust 'J.P.B. will notdeem it intrusive in me if I say a few words in regardto his reply, which appears to be addressed to the sameauthority. IR HE IBERATOR HE IBERATOR Anti-Slavery Standard He says, 'The first of these questions is, "Whetherthe Constitution of the United States, in regard to slavery,imposes any obligations that did not exist beforeit? Whether, for example, under the third clause ofthe fourth article, a slave is a person held to service orlabor under the laws of a slave State; and whether heshall be delivered up on claim of the party to whomsuch service or labor may be due?" To this I answer,Yes. I have no doubt that slaves were included, andwere chiefly intended, to be described by such personsas are held to service or labor.' What. Mr. Editor, isthis but a direct and unequivocal admission that theConstitution of the United States is a pro-slavery instrument?'Supposing,' says J.P.B, 'the affirmativeof the above, the next question is, then are not thepersons taking part in the government, either as constituentsor representative, bound to make the necessaryprovisions for the execution of this clause. Tothis, I unhesitatingly say, No. They not only are notbound, but are not authorized to make any such provision.'And why? He gives his reason: the Constitutionitself makes the necessary provisions for returningfugitives. Very plausible reason why persons takingpart in the government are not bound to make thenecessary provisions for carrying out this clause. Hearhim:—'The clause in the Constitution alluded to provides,first, that no regulation shall be made by theStates to prevent the recovery of the fugitives; and,second, that they shall be delivered up on claim of theparty to whom such service or labor may be due.'Here, Sir, J.P.B. gives a clear view of the pro-slaverycharacter of the Constitution. No State in theUnion can have the privilege of making laws and regulationsto secure the 'blessings of liberty' to the blackman and his 'posterity,' who may come to reside in itAnd why? The Constitution of the United States expresslyprohibits it, and makes special provision forcarrying him back again to slavery. black J.P.B. continues:—'It does not (in this place) sayby whom the delivery is to be made.' Indeed! Whatif it does not? In my opinion, it matters not by whomthe delivery is made. It is sufficient for me to knowthat the Constitution makes special provision for takinga man in one State and carrying him into another, andmaking a chattel slave of him, and that no power inthe United States can prevent it. This is a direct andpalpable violation of the fundamental principle of theDeclaration of American Independence, that all menare endowed by their Creator with the right to libertyand the pursuit of happiness. And yet, I suppose, byhis subsequent remarks, that J.P.B. would have noscruples about swearing to support the Constitution.He proceeds—'It is perfectly clear, that Congress is notauthorized to make any law on the subject,' and giveshis reasons why, and then says, 'On this ground,many persons, and, indeed, most intelligent lawyers,consider that the State Governments are required, bythe clause in question, to provide for the delivery offugitives from service; but though the States hove undoubtedlythe right to make laws for such delivery,they are under no obligation to do so.' What have wehere? A plain declaration that the States undoubtedlyhave the right to make laws for the enslaving of Man!From whence, I ask, did the States obtain this rightWill J.P.B. please inform us? Man! right But how will J.P.B. defend himself from the chargeof inconsistency? for, after saying, 'It is clear to methat the Convention which framed the United StatesConstitution were unwilling to impose on the free Statesany responsibility for the support of slavery,' he proceedsto give a description of the way in which thatpart of the Constitution is to be executed which providesfor the return of fugitives. Mind, he does not say theConvention did not impose on the free States any responsibilityfor the support of slavery; but only, theywere unwilling to impose any such responsibility; andthen admits that that Convention did impose that responsibility,by giving a description of the modus operandiof getting back fugitives constitutionally; there-by,admitting again, in the most direct and positiveterms, that the Constitution is a pro-slavery instrument,or that it does actually provide for the support and continuanceof slavery. If a slave gets to Canada, he is free;but at any point short of there, he may be hurledback into slavery. Why? Because he is within theclutches of this clause of the Constitution. Were it notfor this, he would be free in the free States. But thereis no safety, no protection, no freedom for him, onany portion of God's earth covered by the U.S. Constitution!Why? Because he is a person that washeld to service or labor in one State, and has escapedinto another; and the Constitution disputes his rightto liberty and the pursuit of happiness at every stepfrom the moment be leaves the State where he was soheld, until he reaches the dividing line between Slaveryand Liberty; or, to use a more popular phrase, betweenthe United States and Canada not modus operandi Hear his description of the constitutional return of afugitive:—'If neither Congress nor the States are requiredto provide for the delivery of these fugitives, andthe free States are unwilling to do it, how shall all theprovisions of the Constitution be executed? In answerto this question,' says he, 'I turn back to the descriptionof the judicial power, (Art 8, see. 2,) and I seethat it extends to controversies between two or moreStates, and between citizens of different States. Thismakes the matter plain at once. The slaveholder, findinghis escaped slave in any free State, has only tocause him to be brought before any judge of a UnitedStates District Court, who can decide on the question ofservice or labor being due, and order his remission tothe claimant, on the Constitution, without any lawwhatever.' Here, I suppose, we have J.P.B' s viewsin full on tins point. That is, no Fugitive Slave Law is necessary; the Constitution itself makes every provisionfor the return of fugitives (by somebody)—forhe finds the whole process of returning a fugitive againto bondage made plain at once in that instrument.Having taken the escaped fugitive in a free State, andreturned him again fairly and properly to slavery, on'the Constitution,' he breaks forth in the following augustand triumphant language:—'If these conclusionsbe sound, what becomes of the objections of D.Y. andothers to any person's taking the oath to support theConstitution of the United States, either as Presidentor member of Congress, or as Governor or legislator ofa State, on the ground of this clause in the Constitution?It is obvious, that in either case he will be underno obligation to provide for the recovery of fugitiveslaves, as it is a subject with which the Constitutiongives him no concern. On the contrary, by becominga member of Congress, he arms himself in the only wayhe can do—with the power of urging the repeal of theinfamous Fugitive Slave Law, on the ground of its unconstitutionality.'Now, I do not profess to be one ofthose intelligent lawyers of whom J.P.B. speaks, nordo I pretend to be skilled hi constitutional questions.On the contrary, I belong to the laboring class, and feela deep interest in whatever vitally affects the liberty orslavery, the happiness or misery, of my fellow-man.But as I believe that the Constitution of the UnitedStates is a pro-slavery instrument, and one that notrue friend of the rights of man can swear to supportand carry out, without being guilty of the stood of theslave, I wish to ask J.P.B. the following questions:— 1. When a man has shown plainly that the Constitutiondoes actually provide for the return of fugitives,and that he does so understand it—that it, therefore,must, and does, necessarily tolerate, uphold and reportslavery—what does he do with his conscience,when he swears to support that instrument, if he benot in favor of slavery? 2. When a man takes an oath under the Constitutionof the United States, according to the prescribed forms,does he swear to support the whole of that instrument,or only a part of it? 3. If he swears to support the whole of it, how does heget rid of supporting slavery? 4. If he swears to support but a part of it, what becomesof his fidelity to the national compact? 5. How is it obvious, that in swearing to support theConstitution, a man will be under no obligation to providefor the carrying out of the different classes of theConstitution, on the ground that hey are subjects withwhich that instrument gives him no concern? 6. If, by becoming a member of Congress, a manarms himself, in the only way he can do, with the powerof urging the repeal of the Fugitive Slave Law, onthe ground of its unconstitutionality, does it follow, asa matter of course, that by swearing to support theConstitution, which provides for slavery, he places himselfin the best possible position to attack and overthrewthe system of slavery? After J.P.B. has answered these questions satisfactorilyto his conscience, I wish him to give these answersto the 'public at large'; and perhaps they willbe able to answer the question propounded by him viz: 'What becomes of the objections of D.Y. and others toany person's taking the oath to support the Constitutionof the United States, on the ground of this clausein that instrument?' W.S.F. 

 Something ever doth impress usWith a sense of right or wrong;Something waiteth still to bless us,As we journey life along;Something viewless whispers to usWords of hope and promise sure;Voices speak prophetic through us,Of a life that shall endure!        There's silent, voiceless teacher,Striving with the human will;Unto each weak, earth-born creatureWisdom's lessons doth instill:Heed them, better grow and wiser,They will soften life's hot fray;Duty make your stern adviser,Aim to reach the perfect day.        Trust the high hopes that impel us,And inspire our firm belief,—They alone can well foretell usHuman works how frail and brief:Trust the GOD that reigns above us,Faithful to his precepts be,He will guide, and guard, and love us,Through a blest eternity.     OD    Heed the heavenly aspirationsThat imbue with hope the soul;Mark the glorious life-creationsFlowing in without control:See in all things truth and beauty,Love o'erflowing from the skies,Exercising Faith and Duty,Earth would be a Paradise.        Troy, N.Y., May, 1853. 

 FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON In the last number of THE LIBERATOR, (June 24,) Iread a critical notice of 'The Unconstitutionality of Slavery,'by LYSANDER SPOONER, which is a favorable oneon the whole, but from which two extracts are taken,and commented on in a manner not satisfactory to me.As I presume many others view the subject in the samelight Mr. Spooner and I do, as you profess to seek onlythe truth, and to open your columns freely to opponentsas well as approvers, and as the points in question betweenyou and him are evidently deemed important byyou—as they are by me—I trust you will cheerfully receivesome strictures, made in a friendly spirit, on yourremarks. HE IBERATOR YSANDER POONER In the first extract you have quoted, I understoodMr. S. to take the ground that the constitutionality ofslavery is not a 'historical,' but a 'legal' question;and hence to infer that the people of the United Stateshave nothing to do with the debates on the formationof the Constitution regarding this subject, or formerdecisions upon it, but are only legally bound by fairconstructions of the words of the instrument itself.This appears to me sound doctrine, and I look to seehow you meet it. You reply by saying that 'the Constitution is a compact,and the constitutionality of slavery is, therefore,a historical question, instead of a legal one.' The promiseassumed here appears to be erroneous. The Constitutionis not a compact, so far as the people are concerned.The formation of the Constitution was acompact' between the several States represented bytheir delegates, but when they had agreed on all theconditions, they put them into the shape of an organiclaw, to be presented to the people, the compact was fulfilledand at an end, and the Constitution produced byit was a mere recommendation, having no force whateveruntil adopted by the people. The people adoptedthis Constitution, not as a compact, but as a fundamentallaw, by their own sole authority, and for the governmentof themselves, and no others. A compact requirestwo parties, and here was only one. The language ofthe Preamble is—'We, the people of the United States,in order to form,' &c., 'do ordain and establish thisConstitution,' &c. The people do not give the least estimation,either in this introduction or throughout theinstrument, that they contract with any other party,whose concurrence is necessary. It may be said, thatit is a compact by which the whole people contracts witheach individual; but this is a plain absurdity noother 'whole people' can be imagined, but what consistsof the aggregate of each individual. not formation But the provisions of the Constitution sometimes requireinterpretation; and you will my that the true intentand meaning of its language—if not of its history—is expressed by 'the whole people of the UnitedStates,' 'through all their authorized mediums, judicialand political,' &c., and having been so expressedin this case, 'the question is authoritatively settled beyonda reasonable doubt.' Now, I assert that there isno such thing as a united opinion on this question withthe 'whole people of the United States,' and thatthere were, there is no 'medium' whatever which is authorizedto express that opinion judicially. The judgesof the United States Courts are only authorized to expresstheir own constructions of any law or the Constitution;and this expression is not binding, either morallyor legally, upon any of the people, except the partiesin trial. No general question whatever is settledby it. Connected with this is another consideration, over-lookedby you, as, indeed, by most persons. The Constitutionof the United States does not authorize thejudiciary to assume or exercise any legislative powers.On referring to Art. 8d, where the extent of their jurisdictionis stated, it will be seen that their 'judiciouspower' extends only to 'cases,' and not to principleand as all power not expressly granted to any branchof the United States government is reserved from it, thejudicial power does not extend beyond the cases whichrespectively come before it, to other future cases, howeversimilar in principle. A judge is authorized to applyhis construction of the Constitution, or a law of Congress,to the case in hand; but if his decision is to bean authoritative guide to future decisions in similarcases, precluding reexamination of such applicabilityin future trails, then this decision ceases to be a morejudgment, and becomes an explanatory amendmentthe law, which is an act of legislation, not allowed bythe Constitution. If these reasonings are sound, it results that no questionof law of the United States, not expressly determinedby the words of the Constitution itself, is ever'authoritatively settled, beyond a reasonable doubt. Not wishing to occupy more space, I forbear to commentparticularly on the second quotation you havemade from Mr. Spooner's work, except to express mysurprise that an argument, designed only to show asabstract truth or right, should be met only by a presentationof the difficulty of practical execution especiallyby a Disunion Abolitionist, who professes to beguided by abstract right, in disregard of alleged impracticability.How 'Mr. Spooner's interpretation of theConstitution is either civil war on the one hand be adissolution of the Union on the other,' I cannot see andshould be glad to have it shown to me. It seems to bethat his views are calculated to prevent either. I repeat my deep sympathy with you is your generalanti-slavery views; but those you hold on the Constitutionof the United States appear to me to be an constructionto your progress in that noble cause: and wedesire for its promotion is my chief motive for discussing those views in this communications. J.P.B. P.S. I do not believe there is any thing is the Constitutionof the United States, which, either in design or effect, tends to promote or perpetuate slavery; andhence, that the most thoroughly anti-slavery man mayconscientiously give his adherence to it;—an I amwilling to discuss this proposition in THE LIBERATOR.you desire it. J.P.B. HE IBERATOR. you desire it. REPLY. 'J.P.B.' does not agree with us and thewhole nation in regarding the U.S. Constitution as containingcertain pro-slavery guaranties; and we and wewhole nation totally dissent from 'J.P.B,' in his equation,that it is, and was designed to be, exclusively asanti-slavery instrument. 'The ayes have it.' EPLY. 

 Young man, toiling on obscurely,Struggling 'gainst an adverse tide,With a high and honest purpose,Which the mocking world deride;Faint not, fear not, brave the current,Face the storm, however rude,Truth will triumph, thou wilt conquer,God will ne'er forsake the good.        Do the proud deride thy calling,Mock thy efforts at the start,With the scoffing coldness gallingTo thy proud and honest heart?Persevere! attain a stationWith the gifted and the great;Those who now acorn thy vocation,Yet will gladly kiss thy feet.        Has the venom'd breath of slanderOn thy lonely fame been blown,From the serpent-soul of envy,That would keep the worthy down!Persevere! with manly patience,Time will heal the wound you feel,From thy name such taint may vanish,As thy breath from burning steel.        For encouraging example,Scan the names on history's page,Those who most their race have honored,Giving glory to their age;Names of Newton and Franklin,And a thousand more as bright,And a thousand more as bright,Names that gain increasing gloryWith the world's increasing light.         Persevere! unceasing effort,Humble though and weak it be,May o'ercome whate'er opposes,And work miracles for that;Be assured reward will follow,God will come to him who delves,Honest industry must prosper—'God helps those who help themselves.'        

 SPEECH OF WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Directed is Hartford, Ct., at the Bible Convention. Directed is Hartford, Ct., at the Bible Convention. [PROGRAPHICALLY REPORTED BY A.J. GRAMAM.] MR. CHAIRMAN: R. HAIRMAN This afternoon, I offered a series of resolutions, andintimated that perhaps, at some subsequent stage of ourproceedings, I would endeavor to say a few words intheir defense. I do not new intend to follow the friend who has justsat down, (Mr. Storrs.) I have listened, in my time,to a great many arguments which I have deemed exceedingly fallacious and extraordinary; but I must say,in all frankness, that I have never beard arguments, tomy own mind, more fallacious and extraordinary thanthose which our friend as served up to us this every(Applause and hissing.) However, on this occasion,I waive any examination of what he has said,because I wish to draw the attention of this great assembledgeto what I conceive to be the real point at issue.Our friend (Mr. Storrs) has said, that the plenary inspirationof the Bible is not the question before us; norto be seem to regard it as of any importance. REV. MR. STORRS—I beg to correct to statement ofthe speaker. I do not think that the question is not as toexpiration of the Scriptures, but I think that thecredibility of the witnesses should be considered as establishing, or not, the fact of inspiration, and the factsconnected with that inspiration. R. TORRS Mr. GARRISON—Our friend asked, who believesthat every thing in the Bible was given by inspiration?Who believes that all the books of the Old and NewTestament were dictated by God, and written under thedirect superintendence of his spirit? I answer, allevangelical Christendom professes to believe in the inspiration of the Bible. Have you not beentaught to believe it—and that to doubt it, and especiallyto deny it, is nothing better than rank infidelity?Have not books and sermons been published, by theological professors and eminent divines, to prove thatevery portion of the Bible, from Genesis to Revelation, the divine impress, and is to be implicitly receivedas the truth? Is not that volume styled 'the sacredimpure'—'the holy Bible'—without exception ordiscrimination, from beginning to end? And is it not presented to us as the only rule of faithand practice? Now, regarding this as the real questionat issue, I propose to meet it at this time, and thereforewill read the resolutions which I offered this afternoon,with express reference to it:— ARRISON   sacredimpure holy  Having read his resolutions, which were listened toin great attention, and greeted with cheers and occasionhires, Mr. G. proceeded to remark:—] Mr. Chairman—The object which has brought us togetheris, undeniably, a very important one. The questionbefore as should be discussed in sincerity of spirit,with the utmost candor, and with the gravity whichbelongs to it. It is not that my hands are not full—itis not that my mind is not pre-occupied with other matterof great importance to the cause of Liberty andHumanity—that I am with you on this occasion; butit is mainly because your Convention, being called fora good and lawful object, is nevertheless an unpopularmeeting. (Cries of 'hear, hear.') God forbid that Iwould be ascertaining for myself, where the popularside is to be found, that I may stand upon it, andtherefore he safe as to my reputation! A populartruth does not need my aid, and I shall not proffer anyin that direction. A hunted, proscribed, outlawedtruth commends itself to my warmest support; andhath by choice and by destiny, I feel that I am allied toit now and for ever. (Cheers.) Sr. I know well the cost of an appearance in a Containof this kind. I anticipate all that will be said,maliciously and opprobriously, on both sides of the Atlantic,in regard to the resolutions which I have read inyour hearing, and to my patricianly in your proceedings.Already, I hear the outcry of 'Infidel! infidel!INFIDEL!' 'on the part of those occupants of the pulpit,who, while they are strong in their 'coward's castle,'never dare to make their appearance on a free platformbefore the people. I know, moreover, it will be saidthat this is another evidence of the infidel character ofthe anti-slavery movement. I know that the Americananti-Slavery Society will, by the bigoted and pharisaical,by the designing and wicked, be held responsiblebe the sentiments I may utter on this occasion. Shalltherefore, be dumb? Will it indeed injure the cause(the slave, so dear to my heart, for me to express mythoughts, conscientiously, about the Bible? I do notbelieve it. Have I any right to speak on any other subjectthan American slavery?—or am I morally bound togive it my undivided attention? Why, Sir, no freedomof speech or inquiry is conceded to me in this land.Am I not vehemently told, both at the North and atthe South, that I have no right to meddle with thequestion of slavery? And my right to speak on anyother subject, in opposition to public opinion, is equallydenied to me—not, it is true, by the strong arm ofgovernment, but by the cowardly and tyrannical inspirit. Now, I stand here, not as an abolitionist, not torepresent the anti-slavery cause, but simply as a man,among my own thoughts, on my own responsibility;and therefore, whoever shall avail himself of my presencehere, to make me odious as the advocate of theslave, or to subject any anti-slavery body to reproacha that account, will reveal himself in his true character—that of a bigot, a hypocrite, or a falsifier. infidel! Sr. let me illustrate our position, as a Convention,regard to the authenticity and infallibility of theScriptures. If a meeting were to be called at St. Petersburg, inRussia to inquire into the 'divine right' of Nicholasscale autocratically over that empire, there would bea nurse excitement in that city, and the daring individuals,assembling to take part in the proceedings,would be hurried off to prison, and perhaps capitallypunished, for their 'treasonable' conduct. You and Iknow the reason why. If a meeting were to called at Rome, in Italy, toinquire into the infallibility of the Romish Church, itwould excite popular indignation, and the individualsamong it would be in imminent danger of theirlives from the power of the Pope on one hand, and theblind fury of the populace on the other. You and Iknow the reason why. If in Mohammedan countries, a meeting should becalled to inquire into the sacredness of the Koran, ageneral excitement would follow, doubtless, and the man venturing to raise that issue would be down as an 'infidel,' unfit to live. You and Iknow the reason why.   So, let a meeting be called in Charleston, South Carolina,to inquire into the rightfulness of the slave systemand Lynch-law would be instantly applied to theman or men who should venture to come together tome say such inquiry. Such a meeting would not bearound for a moment. You and I know the reasonwhy. Sr. the analogy is perfect, in my opinion. The holdingof this Convention, in evangelical Connecticut,creates general uneasiness, alarm and indignation,and subjects its members to scorn and contumely, if notin bodily peril! In this case, too, you and I know thereason why. Yet, sir, ours is a free meeting—free forall; as an anti-slavery meeting in Charleston wouldbe free; as a meeting at Rome, to inquire into the instabilityof the Ramish Church, would be free; as ameeting at St. Petersburg, to canvas the right ofNicholas to exercise absolute power, would be free—i.e., if such could be held. We are told, on the right hand and on the left, thatthe fact of the plenary inspiration of the Bible is asour as the moon-day sun. It is no well settled, that itis shard to think of disturbing it. There is all theevidence that the human mind can desire to sustain thedeclaration, that God did give this book to us to be thesole rule of faith and practice. Well, if it be so, thentheyy who question the divinity of the Bible are themen to dread an open encounter. In that very book,we are assured that 'the righteous are as bold as a lice,but the wicked flee when no man pursueth.' Applause.) Now, let a meeting be called by pro-slavery men inany anti-slavery town, (if you can find such an anomalyin the United States,) and let it be announced thatthe platform will be free to all, and that the humanityof the anti-slavery movement will be the subject of investigation.I do not think that there would be anyangry excitement on the part of the abolitionists. I donot believe that they would keep away from the meeting.I am sure they would say, 'That is just what wewant! Our cause will gain new adherents by this investigation.We will not fail to be present.' Nor do Ithink that the quiet of the most thoroughly temperancetown in America would be greatly disturbed, should abody of rum-sellers and moderate drinkers call a meetingin it, to consider whether the doctrine of total-abstinenceis sound, and invite all the teetotalers to comeand participate in the discussion. I think the friendsof temperance would say, 'It will be an excellent opportunityafforded us to do something more for our gloriouscause. We shall be able to confront the very menwho have hitherto stood aloof from us, and who need tobe reformed. We will gladly accept the invitation.' But, sir, the opponents of abolitionism call no suchmeeting, and make no such overtures. The fact is exactlythe reverse of this. They are consciously in thewrong. Rumsellers and moderate drinkers never inviteteetotalers to stand upon the same platform withthemselves. They deprecate all agitation, and knowfull well they have every thing to lose by an open encounter. Now for the application, in the present case. It isalleged that this Convention has been called by 'heretics'and 'infidels.' Be it so, for the argument's sake.The platform is, nevertheless, free for all, and each sideis to be fairly and fully heard. It is, therefore, justthe occasion that the professed believers in the holy originand divine authority of the Bible should be glad toimprove, to the discomfiture of those who would stripthe book of at least no small portion of its sanctity.And so they would, instead of shrinking from the discussion,and exciting popular indignation, if they reallyhad any intelligent and rational belief on the subject.The book may be all that they affirm in its behalf, butby their conduct they show that they have no solidfaith in its divinity; for, if they had, they would rejoiceto stand here, (as abolitionists and teetotalers areglad to stand in the presence of the advocates of slaveryand rum,) and give 'a reason for the faith that isin them.' Sir, what is the question before us? It is not, whetherthe Bible, in many parts of it, is not an invaluable book.It is. It is not, whether it does not contain many glorioustruths and precious promises. It does. It is not,whether it has not many righteous commands and excellentprecepts, which ought to be obeyed. It has. Itis not, whether it has not been of more good than harmto mankind, in spite of all its errors and perversions. Ibelieve it has. The question is,—Is the Bible, from Genesis to Revelation,an inspired book, so that we are bound to receiveevery thing as true in its pages, without submittingit to the test of reason? If it be not wholly inspired,as our friend, Mr. STORES, admits it is not, thenhow much of it is inspired? TORES REV. MR. STORES. All that claims to be. EV. R. TORES. MR. GARRISON. How much claims to be inspired,and how much not inspired—and who shall determinethe question? I should like to see the man here—anywhere—to take that book, and, beginning at Genesis,proceed through the entire volume, and put his fingerupon what he considers as given by inspiration of God,and see how much he will leave of it, and what are hisideas of inspiration. R. ARRISON. Now, the assertion, that every thing in the Bible isinspired, is the height of absurdity. To say, for example,that it required a revelation fro heaven to recordthe fact that Samson went to sleep with his head in thelap of Delilah—or that he caught three hundred foxes,and tied their tails together, and put a fire-brand betweenthem—is folly. When it is narrated that a vipercame out of the fire and fastened itself upon Paul'shand, is this inspiration? And so of ten thousand incidentschronicled in the Bible. What a man can seewith his own eyes, it requires no supernatural aid torecord. Hence, if only a part of the Bible is inspired,it is not wholly inspired; if only a part of it is fromabove, it is not all from above; if only some portion ofit is sacred, it is not all sacred; and, therefore, what isgenerally claimed for it is false, and whatever is false isinjurious to the world. How is the quantity of inspirationto be authoritatively settled? All Christendom professes to receive the Bible as theword of God, and what does it avail? What does allChristendom say as to the teachings of the book? Outof this' 'inspired' volume comes Romanism; for Romebelieves in the Bible. Out of it comes Mormonism; forthe Mormons believe in the Bible. Out of it come Episcopalianism,Swedenborgianism, Presbyterianism, Methodism,and all the other sects, whose name is legion.All these claim a divine sanction from the Bible; andyet they are strongly arrayed against each other—rejectingeach other's interpretation of the book, andeach aiming to exterminate all the rest. Now, certainly, the Bible does not go for Romanism,and against it; for Episcopalianism, and against it;for Presbyterianism, and against it; for Methodism,and against it; for Universalism, and against it—&c.&c. &c. If it does, then it is a book full of glaringcontradictions, and, of course, cannot have had a divineorigin. Who is it, I ask, that believes in the Bible? Whatis it to believe in the Bible? A man tells me that hereceives it all as the inspired word of God. What doesthat prove? Nothing. It gives me no knowledge ofhis mind or heart. He might just as well have remaineddumb. I therefore proceed to ask him, What doesthis inspired word teach and require? He begins to tellinc; and I find he is either a Papist, a Mormon, aSwedenborgian, a Presbyterian, or a Universalist—andso on, ad infinitum! What, then, have I ascertained?What divine inspiration is? What the Bible actuallyenjoins? No—but simply what he thinks is inspired,and what he interprets the Bible to mean. Now, whathe believes on this subject, is one thing; what the exacttruth is, is quite another. The most any man cansay, with any degree of humility, in regard to the Bible,is, 'In my judgment and my conscience, it teachesthis or that doctrine, which I regard as heaven-derived'—but holding himself liable to be mistakes, andready at all times to be corrected. We must have nopapal assumption in this discussion. Thank God forthe great doctrine of Protestantism—the right of privatejudgment as to the teachings of any book, as to what isthe truth,—even against all coclesiastical edicts andtheological dogmas ever promulgated. 'So, then, everyone of us must give account of himself,' not to the RamishPope, not to the Presbyterian General Assembly,but 'unto God.' Therefore, it is your prerogative andmine, to take the Bible and examine it for ourselves—accepting whatever of truth, and rejecting whatever oferror we discover in its pages, though all the rest ofmankind dissent from our conclusions. This is not to begranted to us as an indulgence, but conceded as a sacredright, to be exercised without persecution or condemnation. Who What ad infinitum! he thinks he interprets Sir, what does the Bible teach? One says, it teacheseternal punishment for the wicked; another says, itteaches no such doctrine, but just the reverse—universaland ultimate salvation. One says, it teaches thatGod exists in a trinity; another says, it teaches expresslythe unit of God. In Russia, its religious expounderssay it sanctions autocracy as a rightful form ofgovernment. Nicholas himself believes in the Bible,only it is the Bible so interpreted as to go for Nicholas.(Laughter.) In England, the Bible expositors say thatis sanctions a limited monarchy, and enjoins thisas a duty—'Honor the king.' In our country, they assertthat the Bible goes for republicanism; and that noman should be king over us, Paul and Peter to the contrarynotwithstanding. (Applause.) Is this to believethe Bible, or to reject it? Which is the 'infidel'party in this confusion of tongues? Again:—Does theBible inculcate the doctrine of total depravity, and yetdeny it? Does it go for immersion as the only true baptism,and then for sprinkling or for pouring? Does itallow taking oaths, and then forbid swearing under allcircumstances. Does it sanctify the first day of theweek as the Sabbath, or require the observance of theseventh day, or hallow all days alike? Does it touch theduty of total abstinence, and at the same time approveof the moderate use of intoxicating drink? Does it assertthe equality of woman with man, or place her beneathhim? Does it go for a union of Church andState? Of course it does, of the other side of the Atlantic;but, on this side, it does no such thing. Does itrequire temple worship, on stated occasions—or does itsweep it all away, and approve of that worship only,which is 'in spirit and in truth'? To all these inquiries, the most conflicting answersare made by those who profess the greatest venerationfor the book. It is as plastic as clay in the hands of thepotter, and moulded into any conceivable shape. Is aman a warrior? He goes to the Bible with the war-spirit,and, running over its pages, he picks out whathe says justifies him in his military profession. Is itwith the spirit of peace that a man is imbued? Heexamines the book with that intent, and all he finds infavor of peace, he arrays on his side of the question.Does a man believe in enslaving a portion of the humanrace? Then he interprets the Bible in accordancewith his theory, and proclaims the system to be divinelyinstituted. Is he an abolitionist? Then he does what inhim lies to make it the ally of freedom. So we have these various interpretations, and theyare without end, whether relating to the existence andattributes of God, to the nature and mission of Jesus,to religious rites and duties, to matters of faith andpractice, to what belongs to the past or concerns thefuture, to time or to eternity. Now, which of these isreliable, and who is to assume the robes of infallibility?Who accepts or who rejects the Bible? Is it Trinitarianor Unitarian, Calvinist or Universalist, Monarchistor Republican, Slaveholder or Abolitionist? Now let us come to something practical. Here is thequestion of slavery. Shall we go to the Bible to learnour duty in regard to it, or to determine its character?We shall never settle it by any such reference. The Biblenever yet settled any controversy. Every thing mustbe decided upon its own merits. We must judge of thetree by its fruit. Facts are more decisive than verbaldeclarations. Let us look at the slave system as it is,in a legal and practical point of view. If it works wellfor our country, and scatters blessings wherever it goes,then I do not care what any book in the universe says:I will go for it. But it is impossible to gather grapesfrom thorns, or figs from thistles. Here is the question of capital punishment. How isit to be settled? By appealing to the Bible? Never.You may find texts on one side, and texts on the other;and all the time you are wrangling about what theBible teaches, the necks of men will continue to be broken.Now, if it can be shown that the gallows preventsthe shedding of human blood, restrains from the commissionof crime, and benefits society, it needs no otherdefense. But this cannot be done, and the reverse ofthis is true; therefore, the gallows should be castdown, no matter what may be said in any book to thecontrary. So in regard to war. It its fruits are good—if it improvesthe manners and morals of those who engagein it-if it is promotive of human happiness and freedom,then it justification is made out. But if, on theother hand, it militates against the progress of the humanrace, and against human liberty, then it was neverjustifiable, and ought never to be countenanced. Have we an infinite God or a finite one?—one who isthe same from everlasting to everlasting, or one whohas no fixed laws by which he governs the universe?Does God, in one age of the world, not only authorizebut require his children to perpetrate deeds, which, inanother age, are inherently cruel and morally wrong inhis eyes? Are he laws of our being changeable? Areour relations to him, and to each other, evanescent ormutable, or are they not always the same, though oftenmisunderstood and disregarded? Now, remember, that moral distinctions are never interchangeableand never conflictive. Thus, 'war,'means all that belongs to war—'peace,' all that pertainsto peace. If peace be right, and God requires it,war must be wrong, and God never authorized it. IfGod commands me ever to speak the truth, he neverauthorized any man to tell a lie. If God commands acertain thing to be done, as in accordance with his ownwill, and because it is right, at one time, he never commandsan opposite thing to be done at another period.He never can make wrong right, or right wrong—whatis obedience to-day, sin to-morrow. Otherwise, wehave a changeable, fickle, finite God, who rules capriciouslyin the universe, and known not what a day maybring forth. But the Bible represents God in this doublecharacter; therefore, it is fallible, and not divinelyinspired. I have no doubt that the writers of the Old Testament,whoever they were, believed what they put downwhen they wrote, 'And the Lord said unto Moses,' 'untoJoshua,' and to many others, 'Let this be done,' or'See that ye do it not.' I do not accuse them of designingto palm off on the world a falsehood. I presumethey wrote according to their highest conceptions of thecharacter of God. Doubtless, they believed,—or, ifyou prefer, Moses himself believed,—that the Lord requiredall that is alleged by them. But this provesnothing, excepting that those writers, though honest,were woefully mistaken as to the mind of God, as manyhave been since their day. What is to be gained by getting the assent of thewhole world to the doctrine of the plenary inspirationof the Bible? You do not thereby attain to unity offaith or practice. I have said that all Christendomprofesses to receive the Bible as from God; yet allChristendom is full of strife in regard to what are theteachings of the book. What then is the conclusion ofthe whole matter? All that we can get from any oneis, simply, what he believes the Bible teaches—nothingmore. He may, or may not, correctly interpret itsmeaning; but his interpretation is not necessarily theBible, nor his notion of inspiration, inspiration itself.Each one must decide for himself, and all dogmatism,self-conceit and infallibility must cease. he Those who make the loudest professions of faith in thedivine authenticity of the Bible evince the most uneasinesswhenever it is proposed to make an independentinvestigation of its claims. For example: this Conventionwas fairly and impartially called, in languagewholly unexceptionable, and in a kind and magnanimousspirit; and the clerical advocates of plenary inspirationwere especially invited to attend. Where arethey? Will they say that the Convention is beneaththeir notice? Is this the reason that they are absent?We have had, it is true, two of the clerical profession totake the platform in opposition; but then, popularlyspeaking, they are both horst ion. One is my old friend,GEORGE STORES, whom I have not seen for some time—aman who, in the darkest period of the anti-slavery struggle,dared to look the Slave Power in the face, and stoodup like a man in defense of the down-trodden slave,though branded as a fanatic and ultraist. He is here,but unfrocked by the popular clergy, and regarded astheologically erratic. He can afford to stand here betterthan he could to be an abolitionist, for it will costhim nothing. And his friend and associate (Mr. TURNER)is in the same category, as to his theological views.None of us have any reputation to lose; and so we areall heretics together. (Laughter.) But where are thesoundly orthodox and publicly recognized clergymen?Where are the teachers and masters in Israel? 'Instinctis a great matter.' If the educated, popular,'evangelical' clergy of our country felt that they couldstand on a free platform, and successfully discuss thisquestion before the people, they would not be slow tocome here, carry of all the honors, and put the laurelwreath around their brows. (Applause and hisses.) EORGE TORES URNER One of my resolutions affirms unequivocally, that ifpublic sentiment should demand of the American elegythat they east the Bible into the fames, they would asreadily do it to-morrow, as to-day they are loud andvoluble in their endorsement of it, in accordance withpublic sentiment. Is this an unjust charge? Do notthe facts of the case warrant it? Where, as a body, dothey stand? Are they not always on the popular side—always going with the multitude, even if it be to doevil? When, or where, in any instance, have theydared to grapple with a corrupt public sentiment, and torun the risk of losing their salary and position in society?I tell you that the men who can see the image ofGod desecrated, and three millions of their own countrymentrampled into the dust, and turned into goods andchattels, and sanction the awful deed, because publicsentiment demands it at their hands, are the men whowould just as readily throw the Bible—all the books inthe universe—into the fames, if the name pressure wasbrought to hear upon them as in the case of the enslavedin our land. The greater includes the less;'for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifiesthe gift'—a MAN or a BOOK? The elegy of thecountry, with here and there an exceptional case, haveno other God before them than public sentiment. Justas public sentiment changes, they change. They haveno 'higher law.' They are facile trimmers and obsequioustime-servers. And it is no in the nature of thecase; for, by their very position, they must necessarilyconform to the views of their employers, or they willnot be employed; and so they are fearfully tempted, allthe way through, to suppress their convictions of duty,where an unpopular truth is struggling upward, lostthey shall be turned out of house and home, with theirwives and little ones, not knowing where to lay theirheads. It is a trying and terrible position; and thewonder is not that so many of them fall, but that anyof them are able to preserve their integrity. But theyare none the less guilty for being thus tempted; for theyclaim to be dead to the world, ambassadors of the despisedNazarene, 'watchmen upon the walls of Zion,'and are therefore to be measured by their own standard,and condemned out of their own mouths. Mr. Chairman, is it indeed true that the Bible is'the word of God'? Is it 'able to make men wiseunto salvation?'  Is its circulation essential to the redemptionof the world? So we are told by the clergyand the church. Then look at this soul-harrowing fact.As a nation, we are overwhelmingly orthodox; yetwhat are we doing? An act of unheard of monstrosity?We have deliberately conspired, with Satanic malignity,to prevent one-sixth portion of our populationfrom having the Bible, so that they may not knowwhat it is that God requires—so that they may have nochance for their souls' salvation—so that their eternaldamnation may be made sure!! For is it not a fundamentaldoctrine in the orthodox creed, that those whodie in their sins, unrepentant, shall be damned beyondrecovery? And yet, this orthodox nation makes 'theword of God' a sealed book to three millions of people,who are groping in darkness, 'without God and withouthope,' and, by reducing them as near as possible tothe brute creation, endeavors to force them down tohell, under the slave-driver's lash? Oh! if there besuch a place as the hell described, and if there be in itone portion lower and hotter than another, surely, it mustbe reserved for those who are doing this work of damnationto those whom they enslave! But I am not willing to take the American clergyand church at their word, though they claim to be'evangelical.' They cannot believe in such a doctrine,or in such a place of torment. It is too horrid athought, that, believing it, they deliberately strikedown the sacred institution of marriage, at a blow;make 'Sodom and Gomorrah' the condition of thewhole Southern country; take away the Bible, and themeans of learning the way of salvation; corrupt, debauchand imbrute, on a colossal scale; so as to makethe damnation of their victims inevitable, according totheir own creed! No, sir—I choose not to credit whatthey say they believe in regard to those who die unrepentant;for, otherwise, it makes them monsters in theuniverse of God. The truth is, their faith is abstractand traditional; they believe what it is fashionable tobelieve, and are careful never to be found in conflictwith public opinion. Their piety walks in silver slippers. The clergy generally teach that the Bible in from God,and we must not question its divinity or authority; andthus they attempt to stultify our reason. Then theyclaim that God has called them to be the expounders ofhis word. In this way, they acquire power, and sub-servetheir own selfish purposes. They care nothingfor the Bible, aside from their professional calling. Itis 'the means whereby they live,' and get reputationand influence. They belong to the class whom Jesusbranded as 'blind guides, which strain at a gnat andswallow a camel'—'hypocrites, who shut up the kingdomof heaven against men, neither going in themselvesnor suffering them that are entering to go in'—'for alltheir works they do to be seen of men.' Yes, sir—'to be seen of men'! They must be deferentiallyrecognized in their professional garb, ortheir piety will not operate. Let me give you an illustration.Formerly, it was customary in our anti-slaverymeetings to call directly upon this or that clergymanpresent to offer vocal prayer; and there was neverany backwardness on their part, so long as they weresingled out, and it was officially announced from theplatform that 'the Rev. Dr.—' or 'the Rev. Professor—'would invoke the blessing of Heavenupon the object for which we had assembled. Afterwards,partly to give no offence to our Quaker associates,but mainly to abolish every distinction of thiskind on the anti-slavery platform, this formality wasdispensed with; and while, as hitherto, an opportunitywas granted for vocal prayer, it was left to the spontaneousprompting of the soul that might feel moved tooffer it, without regard to station. What, sir, has beenthe result? Those reverend interceders have neversince offered up a single supplication, though sometimespresent in great number! Yet they say it indicates asad lack of devotional feeling to open such meetingswithout prayer in the manner designated. Why, then,have they remained dumb? No matter that may betheir reply—their professional pride has been wounded,for they 'love to be seen of men.' So in regard to the Bible. Professionally, they willdo it homage, so long as they can profit by it. Theywill interpret it only to the extent that public sentimentwill bear. They have no vision for the future, but livein the past. They dare not be men, now. No reformatorymovement receives any countenance from them;for they are among the wise and prudent, and, insteadof being willing to be made of no reputation, like theMaster whom they profess to follow, demonstrate bytheir lives that they love the praises of man more thanthe praise of God. I shall reserve what I have to say, in further elucidationof this subject, for another occasion. 

 Who wants to wear the bondman's chain,The cankering links that bind the slave?Who wants to sweat through years of pain,And sink dishonored in the grave?Because thy limbs are not made straight,Because thy face is not made fair,Must it be thy inglorious fateTo sink unpitied in despair?        If we are freemen, let us showThat we have souls that still can feel!If we are strong, then let us growMore lenient when the weak appeal!They are the grand alone, who takeTheir suffering follows by the hand;They are the brave alone, who breakThe shock less that have cursed the land,        From many a rice swamp swells a prayer,God of my fathers! unto Thee!In many a cabin's tainted airTears fall like rain where none will seeWhen the loud trump of Justice shakesThis nation to its mighty heart,Then shall the sword that vengeance takes,Make the last lank oppressor start.        

 We made two speeches at that Convention, the firstof which we lay before our readers in the present number.All that we ask in regard to it, is, that it be readwith as little prejudice and as much candor as possible.If those religious journals, which have represented usas having uttered 'blasphemous' (!) sentiments on thatoccasion, would only copy what we said, in full, wewould be content. 

 A slanderer felt a serpent bite his side;What followed from the bite? The serpent died.  serpent 

 BIBLE DISCUSSION. There is to be a public discussionat Salem, Ohio, commencing on the 4th of July, andcontinuing four days, between Rev. JOHAN HARTHELL,of Hopedale, Harrison Co., and JOSEPH BARKER, ofSalem, Columbians Co., on the following proposition:'The Jewish and Christian Scriptures contain a seriesof communications, supernaturally revealed and miraculouslyattested: from the latter, man may acquire aperfect rule of life.' The affirmative of the propositionwill be maintained by Mr. Hartell; the negative, byMr. Harter. IBLE ISCUSSION. OHAN ARTHELL OSEPH ARKER Temperance Convention.—The State Conventionmet at Springfield, on Wednesday, last week, whomDr. Hitchcock, of Amherst, was chosen President; also,eleven Vice-Presidents, and four Secretaries. Temperance Convention. A discussion arose as to the best manner to organizefor the ensuing year; finally voted to appoint a StateCentral Committee, as in years past, as follows:—W.B. Spooner, B.W. Williams, Moses Mellen, Boston;Edwin Thompson, Walpole; Charles Jewett, Millbury;Jas. Eaton, Malden; W.R. Stacy, Boston; John I. Baker,Beverly; Zones Bassett, Hyannis; Charles B.Wilder, Chelsea; Daniel Farrar, Lyman Beecher, Boston;Samuel Hoar, Concord; Euos Calkins, Palmer;Melvin Cruland, Norwich; J.P. Williston, Northampton;Dr. Same, Williamstown; Wm. Elliot, Granville;Jas. Ford, Abington; Darius Goff, Pawtucket; Thos.Bradley, Nantucket; Robert C. Pitman, New Bedford. The Committee on Resolutions presented a series ofseven. One relates to politics, recommending actionthrough the primary meetings for the nomination ofcandidates, and whore both parties refuse to put up reliablemen, the nomination of independent candidates.The evening session was entirely devoted to speaking.Addresses were made by Rev. Mr. Wolcott, Mr. Kellogg.and others. Death of Rev. Dr. Sharp.—Rev. Dr. Sharp,of Boston, died on Thursday evening, last week, at theresidence of Robert Brown, Esq. in Storeley, a villageabout six miles from Baltimore, where he had gone hopingthat a change of climate and scenery might be abenefit to his fast declining health. The deceased was69 years of age on the 25th December last. The remainsreached Boston on Saturday, and were entombedon Tuesday. Death of Rev. Dr. Sharp. The Attempted Negro Insurrection at NewOrleans, &c.—A preliminary examination of Dyson,the man charged with inciting the late attempted insurrectionamong the slaves, took place at New Orleanson the 22d instant. The evidence was sufficient to inducethe Recorder to bind him and the slave Albert overfor trial in the District Court. The Attempted Negro Insurrection at NewOrleans, &c. Smash-up and Death on the Western Rail-road.—The mail train from New York did not arrive inBoston at the usual hour Friday evening, in consequenceof an accident at the East Brookfield depot. Theswitchman had turned the switch the wrong way, inconsequence of which the express train ran into afreight train on the other line. The engine flew fromthe track, the baggage car was broken in two, and themiddle portion of it crushed to pieces; the first of thefive passenger cars turned partly over, and was brokenin at the back and side. William Johnson, of Worcester,had his skull broken, and was taken up dead. Theothers in this car, including deacon J.A. Palmer, Rev.Mr. Clark of East Boston, Dr. Lyman Beecher, andseveral reporters and delegates from the TemperanceConvention, had a narrow escape. The second, thirdand fourth passenger cars were thrown from the track,and damaged. The daughter of the Rev. Dr. Neale, ofthis city, on her return from New York, was injured inthe shoulder, but was able to come to town in the accommodationtrain, which brought down the mails andpassengers. Mr. Russell, conductor of the expresstrain, was badly injured. Others were seriously hurt.—Boston Post. Smash-up and Death on the Western Rail-road. had turned the switch the wrong way Boston Post. Terrible Death on the Maine Railroad.—Mr. Winthrop Richardson, a retired tailor, and a manvery well known in this city, met with a shocking deathon Saturday evening, near his residence in Stoneham.His daughter, Mrs. Henry B. Wood, with her child, hadbeen paying him a visit during the afternoon, and at aquarter before six o'clock, took her leave of him at thehouse—which is but a few paces from the depot—with aview of returning to Boston in the six o'clock accommodationtrain. Mr. Richardson started from his house afew moments after, for the purpose, as is supposed, ofseeing Mrs. Wood safely in the cars. As the approachedthe track, the Manchester express train hove insight, and he saw it. He looked at it, as if to measurethe distance, and then attempted to run acrossthe rails. He made several jumps, and succeededin leaping upon the platform; but, in so doing, losthis equilibrium, fell backwards, and was struck by thelocomotive. His body was mangled into pound particles.His head was crushed into atoms; the warmbrain was found upon the platform, the liver adheredto one of the brakes, the still throbbing heart was foundupon a rail, and pieces of dissevered limbs were strewnalong the track for some distance. Not a limb escapedunbroken, and never was mangling more complete.The engine was smeared over wit blood, and particlesof flesh adhered to it. Mrs. Wood was a spectator atthe destruction of her father, and two or three otherpersons were standing near the station house at thetime. Terrible Death on the Maine Railroad. Mr. Richardson was forty-two years old. He was aman of some property, and among his estates he ownedabout seventy acres of land in Stoneham. He leaves awife, and Mrs. Wood is his only child. He has severalbrothers, who reside in Worcester county, and one ofthem, Mr. Nathan Richardson, represents the town ofWarren in the Constitutional Convention.—Bost. Cour. Bost. Cour. Steamboat Explosion—Fire Persons Killed.—On the morning of the 22d ult., the steam propellerChallenge, bound down from Chicago, exploded herboiler when 20 miles below Mackinaw, killing fiveof the crew, and severely wounding three others. Thestern of the boat was entirely destroyed, and she sunkin five minutes. There were some fifteen passengerson board, who were picked up by the schooner NorthStar, transferred to the propeller Bucephalus, and carriedto Detroit. Steamboat Explosion—Fire Persons Killed. ☞The ship Aurora, Capt. Cherry, boundfrom Hull to New York, foundered at sea, taking downwith her 29 of the crew and passengers. The captainand twelve others were saved. Terrible Fatality.—No less than twenty-ninecanes of sun-stroke, or sudden and dangerous illnessfrom the effects of the heat, occurred in New York onTuesday and Wednesday, of which twenty-four resultedfatally. The victims were principally laborers. Sucha fatality from cholera would have spread consternationthroughout the city.—Boston Journal. Terrible Fatality. twenty-nine twenty-four Boston Journal. Explosion.—The steamer Wayne burst herboiler in Newbern River, N.C., on Sunday, killing fourmen and one woman, all negroes, The boat afterwardssunk. Explosion. Loss of Life.—The whaling ship BenjaminRush, which sailed for a cruise on the 13th of October,1852, returned to Warren, R.I., on the 17th inst., havinglost Captain Munro and three of the crew, (one ofthem named William Betts, of New York,) by a whale,on the night of the 24th February. Capt. M. belongedto Bristol. Loss of Life. Remarkable Escape.—The Montreal Gazetteof the 1st inst., in a postscript, makes simple mention ofa very remarkable escape of three hundred passengersfrom the consequences of a steamboat explosion. Thatnumber of persons had just landed from the steamerSt. Pierre, when the boilers exploded, killing eight persons—all that remained on board of the boat. Thedestruction of the vessel was so complete, that very fewof the three hundred could have escaped, if the explosionhad occurred five minutes sooner. Remarkable Escape. Gazette ☞A terrible riot occurred on the might ofthe 22d of June, at the house of Dr. George N. Wheeler,in Seventh street. New York city, caused by the findingof some human bones on the premises. A mob ofthree thousand collected, armed with clubs, axes andstones. Dr. Wheeler's store and dwelling were attacked,and the inmates drives out, and the premises completelygutted. Nobody killed. Some of the policeofficers were injured. Escape of Slaves.—Night before last, tenslaves belonging to citizens of Newport made their escape.No effort was made by the owners to capture them. Themeans by which, and the time when the river was crossed,are not known.—Cincinnati Commercial, Tuesday. Escape of Slaves. Cincinnati Commercial, Tuesday. Slave Escaped.—A man named Geo. Slashergot on board the Telegraph No. 8, at Rising Sun, Indians,on Friday night, with a negro slave, bound forGreenup burg, Ky. He looked the Negro in a stateroom,and proceeded to enjoy himself. Just after returningfrom a visit to the saloons, he heard a splash inthe water, and soon discovered that his slave was gone.The supposition is, that the follow jumped overboardand swam ashore. Slave Escaped. ☞Dr. Maddox, of Louisiana, ex route, forthe Hest, with his family, passed through Cincinnati onFriday last, and while there, gave freedom to three ofhis slaves, who were in company, one boy and two girls.He also gave them a liberal supply of money to providefor their wants until his return from the East, when heproposes to have their free papers regularly made out. ex route ☞A negro man died in New York lastweek from easting strawberries. A wager had been laidthat he could not eat ten baskets full. He accomplishedthe feat, won the wager, and died almost immediatelyafter. ten baskets full. Destructive Fire in Boston.—A fire brokeout about 10 o'clock last Tuesday morning, in thegranite stores Nos. 3, 4, 5, and 6 North Market street,owned by Albert Lawrence and occupied by H. Safford,chair painter; Marshall and Simonds, tailors; Eatonand Kilham, produce dealers, and Weld and Wellington,dealers in wines, &c. The damage by fire and waterwill probably reach $15,000 to $20,000 which is partiallyinsured at the Merchant's and Fireman's officesin this city. Destructive Fire in Boston. 

 PARIS, March 25, 1858. ARIS WWILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: WILLIAM LOYD ARRISON SIR,—God has placed in the hands of men a sacredbook, admirable in its infinite extent, and eternal in itsinvariable laws; by the study of which they may learnHis will and their own duty;—the great Bible of Nature. IR France has long sought to take the initiative in studying,in arranging and publishing the vast pages thatscience has already decyphered, till it may now be saidthat the researches of de la Place, of Geoffroy St. Hilaire,of Cabanis, of Gall, of de la Marker, of Bertrandde Rennes, and of the natural philosophers and chemists,their followers, form the basis of a creed, revealedby research, which is every day still further developedand propagated, in the enlightened part of the nation. I, too, sir, who have the honor of addressing you, belongto this new faith, which takes physiology for thebasis of its studies and its convictions; and I am stillengaged in a work, the object of which is to collect thescattered opinions of science, and to connect the social,moral, historical and philosophical phenomena, till nowisolated, by referring them to general laws. I desirethus to complete, by uniting them, the labors of thosewho have been my instructors in knowledge, and manyof them my kindest personal friends, hoping finally tosucceed in presenting Science to our own times underher religious aspect, as she has been, to the last century,under her philosophical one. And well may it be deemed a religion—that sciencewhich elevates and consoles the human soil;—whichis the bond of union between enlightened men of allcountries;-which binds them to the magnificent naturethey explore-to the universe of God;—a religionwhich, in its complete development, will be recognizedas the fruit of that tree of humanity of which Christianityis the flower. This being our point of view, my friends and myself—and,I may add, some young and generous disciplesalso—are filled with sympathy for your great enterprise,and most cordially applaud your efforts. Every where does Nature, by those laws which, inthe eloquent words of the Cardinal Boesuet, are theword of God or God himself, pronounce the condemnationof slavery, as it has long since been discovered shehas done that of cannibalism. The study of human intelligence,and of the various races of men, and theirgeological connection with the soil on which they areborn; the study of their divers aptitudes, their specialqualities, and the results of their intermixture; thestudy of the successive religions which have enlightenedand civilized them,-all leads us to think that ourplanet has been, so to say, farmed out to human nature;and that human unity, or humanity, that resultof the peaceful association of nations, will be broughtabout by a general fusion, and by the education of racesstill in the inferiority of infancy, under the direction oftheir elders-that is, of those who have been the first toenjoy the privileges of civilization. farmed out humanity In this point of view, sir, the American Union has aweighty mission and responsibility. In the first place,and with all speed, to become strong and powerful tosave and to cherish the slumbering liberties of the oldworld. Can she become so, while in her own bosomrests an element to which the passions of Europe canconstantly appeal? It is the right, it is the duty of the American Unionto constitute, immediately, in one federative republic,the people of the American continent. This the AmericanUnion can never do but by abolishing slavery. Ina religious, a social, a political point of view, emancipationis a necessity. But here, sir, an immense difficulty presents itself, ofwhich your manifesto takes no account. I consult history,and I find that the serfs of the middle ages boughtthemselves out of slavery; that it was with solid readymoney that the communes paid for their liberties. Andwhy this double fact? Because, in past times, the materialaspect of society so greatly preponderated over itssocial and moral ones. In our day, Mene agitate mole:Mind agitates and animates the masses; but itdoes not yet so preponderate as to absolve us from takingseriously and practically into our account the ignoranceand material tendency which still exist—the heritage of the past. bought Mene agitate mole: While, then, so highly honoring your cause, we viewit under three forms: First; the scientific, or religious form, which imposesupon the elder races the duty of emancipating theirbrethren of the younger ones. Second; the educational form-the elevation of theman of color to civilization by means of instruction. Third; the political form, which shall strive every-where,by continual action [transactions*], to undermineand extinguish slavery. * I am about to leave Paris and return to Nantes, myhome for twenty-three years. On the road and aftermy return, your manifesto will be the occasion ofserious discussion and the liveliest sympathy amongour most enlightened man. We love the UnitedStates with all our souls. We desire their greatnessand their glory. It may be that we shall one day seekthere an asylum. As philosophers, who have studiedit, we hate slavery, under whatever form it presentsitself. We rejoice in the invention of machines—thoseslaves of wood, iron and steam; the only ones that manought to work, to the point of using them up. using them up. Receive, sir, the assurance of our approbation in acause so eminently grand and just. Your most obedient servant, A. GUEPIN, Ex-Professor of the School of Medicine of Nantes,and Commissary under the Republic. Ex-Professor of the School of Medicine of Nantes,and Commissary under the Republic. * Pecuniary, as well as legislative and judicial, ishere intended by the writer. * Pecuniary, as well as legislative and judicial, ishere intended by the writer. Pecuniary 

 ☞HENRY C. WRIGHT will lecture on the Reformsof the Age, at East Abington, on Sunday next,July 2d. Text—'What shall we do to be saved?' 

 ☞The following communication was written forthe New York Tribune, but was meanly refused an insertionin that paper, though Mr. Greeley had previouslypublished a series of scurrilous and malignant lettersrespecting the Bible Convention at Hartford.]—Ed. Lib. Tribune Ed. Lib. NEWARK, June 9, 1853. EWARK To the Editor of the New York Tribune: To the Editor of the New York Tribune SIR,-In your paper of last Monday, I read a lettersigned J.S.P., in which your correspondent blames theaction of the Hartford Bible Convention, 'because mankindneeds the consolation of a supernatural religion,'while every attempt to deprive men of this 'consolation,'by exposing its fallacy, is by him denounced as'the most diabolical of crimes,' and he evangelicallyhopes that there may be a hell to engulph all who shakethe popular belief in the so-called sacred writings. IfJ.S.P. had for a moment calmly reflected upon thissubject, he could not have failed to perceive that thegospel offers very little of that 'consolation' which heso greatly prizes, for we read therein that the road tosalvation is narrow, while the road to damnation isbroad; also, that many shall be called to eternal joy,but few will be chosen-which is not very consoling forthe mass of mankind. But if the moribund he rich, hischance is indeed hopeless, as the little story about thecamel and the eye of a needle shows us. It is also evidentthat God will not eternally damn those whom heloves; that it is our duty to hate those hated by God;therefore, since the great mass of mankind is to bedamned, it must be hated by God, and consequently byus-which benevolent sentiments, the churchmen seemin all ages to have fully carried out. We also read thatthe few chosen were inscribed in the book of life beforethe foundation of the world, and that good works cannotsave those whose names are not written. Those,therefore, who dies with a smile on their lips, cannotknow much about the Bible, or, knowing, cannot believe—ineither of which cases, they must be (biblically)damned. IR needs not If J.S.P. so highly esteems 'consolation,' he shoulddenounce the Protestants, and pray that they be sent tohell for depriving no many of the 'consolation' whichthe Popish priests administer in the shape of a waferto the dying sinner. These holy men absolve the dyingsinner, which is indeed a 'consolation'; and if thatwill not make him smile, what will?—particularly if hehas a very long score thus finally and satisfactorilycanceled. Deprived of this great 'consolation' of theHoly Mother Church, the poor wretch is left a prey todoubts and misgivings, whether he will be one of thefew chosen or one of the many damned. Evidently, J.S.P. would send us to hell for using the right of privatejudgment, which is the foundation-stone of Protestantism.He would oblige us to think as he does, whichis as bad as the Papists, without enjoying the poor advantageof their 'consolation'? Therefore, he had betterspeedily adopt their creed, and return to the bosomof the Holy Catholic Church. wafer Other opponents of the Hartford Convention assumethat Scripture is the great support of morality; but Ihave not been able to find one moral passage therein,which is not to be found and other works on religion;whereas war, slavery, polygamy and despotism are defendedon the authority of the Bible. Faithfully yours, CONSOLATION. 

 ☞PARKER PILLSBURY, as Agent of the Mass.Anti-Slavery Society, will speak as follows:—Hyannis. . . . .Sunday. . . . . July 3. 

 In conformity with the following Call, a largenumber of persons assembled in Old Kennett(Friends') meeting-house, Chester county, Pa., onthe 22d of 5th month, 1853. The house was fullin every part, many stood in the doors and passages,and a considerable number went away becausethey could find no room within the walls. ☞The Call referred to was published at the timein THE LIBRERATOR.] HE IBRERATOR. After a deeply instructive religious opportunity,in which opening remarks were made by Joseph A.Dugdale, vocal prayer offered by Jonathan I amborn, and a testimony borne in favor of practicalholiness by Thomas M'Clintock, William Barnard briefly stated the objects of themeeting, and nominated Joseph A. Dugdale to actas one of the Clerks, pro tem. Hannah M. Darlingtonproposed Sidney Perice for the same duty.Boh propositions were accepted by the Conference. pro tem. Communications, of an instructive and interestingcharacter, were read from the following Associationsand individuals, viz.: The Western Quarterly Meeting held at KennettSquare, Pa.; Salem Quarterly Meeting of ProgressiveFriends, Ohio; Hopedale Association,Massachusetts; Theodore Parker, Massachusetts;John G. Forman, do; Gerrit Smith, New York;Samuel J. May, do; Edward Hull, do; CassiusM. Clay, Kentucky; James Belange, Illinois; DanielRicketson, Massachusetts; Drayton M. Curtis,Ohio; Wm. L. Garrison, Massachusetts; ThomasW. Higginson, do. The beautiful trust in the Truth, which thesecommunications evince, is cheering to us. Whilethe writers may differ in sentiment from us uponspeculative theology, we are gratified in recognizingthem as co-laborers in the practical work oflove and charity. We welcome their paper messengers.We rejoice that we are in circumstancesthis day to receive, read and consider the views andsentiments of those from whom many of us haveheretofore been separated by the superstitious arrangementsof sectarian order. [We give below some of the Letters received and readat the Kennett meeting.]—ED. LIB. D. IB. BOSTON, 2d May, 1853. OSTON DEAR FRIEND: I rejoice in your movement forreal religion. It seeme strange that men make sucha mystery of religion, when itself is so simple.There is only one religion in the world; it consistsof two elements, namely, PIETY, the Love of God,the poetic element, purely internal; and MORALITY,the keeping of the natural Laws of God for bodyand soul, in all departments of human life. EAR RIEND real religion. mystery religion IETY ORALITY There are various helps to the acquisition of thisone religion, and various hindrances with the nameof helps—bad machinery which men have set upto manufacture religion withal, and various theoriesabout religion—various theologies; still there isonly ONE religion. helps hindrances theories Of this the Jew has some, the Hondo, Mohammedan,Idolater, Christian, each has some. Nosect has all; no race of men is wholly destitute ofreligion. The great error of all the Christian sects at thepresent day, I take it, is this:—1st, they startwith the idea of an imperfect God, a God who isjealous, selfish, revengeful and destructive, who isa tyrant, and made the world from a mean motive,and hence a mean purpose; 2d, they start with thenotion that this imperfect God has made a miraculousrevelation of Himself in time, (and that revelationis contained in the Church, as the Catholicssay, or in the Bible, as the Protestants say,) whichis to bind all the human race forever, and is theultimate standard of appeal in all matters of religion(and philosophy, some say.) the idea of an imperfect God miraculousrevelation Church Bible Then out of these two notions they construct ascheme with the idea of the Infinite Perfection of God-that He is perfect in Power, in Wisdom, in Justice,in Love, and in Holiness. Then they willtake the Bible for what it is worth, and developreligion in a natural way out of their own souls. Irejoice in your movement, and wish I could be presentwith you on the 22d, but it is quite impossible;so you will please to accept my best wishes, andbelieve me truly yours, Infinite Perfection of God a natural way out of their own souls. THEODORE PARKER. JOSEPH A. DUGDALE, for the Committee. OSEPH UGDALE SYRACUSE, May 17, 1853. YRACUSE DEAR FRIENDS:—To no meeting have I ever beeninvited, in the object of which I feel a deeper interest,than the one you will be holding in OldKennett, on the 22d. It has long been a matter ofsore lamentation with me, that so many, who reallylove God and man, should be alienated from oneanother, and refuse to cooperate, because they arenot agreed upon questions of doubtful disputation.That mere sectarians, those whose pride, passionsand personal importance, if not livelihood, arepledged to or dependent on the maintenance of certaintheological dogmas, by which they are distinguished-thatthey should keep apart, is not tobe wondered at, nor indeed is it much to be regretted;for they would come together but to wrangle;they subsist but upon those things about whichthey disagree. But, that men and women, whoreally desire that God's kingdom should come uponearth-really desire that human suffering shouldbe relieved, human ignorance enlightened, thatvicious men should be reclaimed, injured men redressed,and sorrowing men be comforted,—thatsuch as these should keep apart, where unitedeffort would be so much more effectual to the endsthey all desire—that they should look coldly uponone another, distrust one another, and allow thecommon cause—the world's redemption—to languish,rather than unite to carry it on—this is indeeda sore evil; and it is worthy of all the considerationyou propose to give it. In times pastwe held a succession of meetings in Central NewYork, the object of which was the same as yours.Much good, I believe, was done by those meetings,because many enlarged, generous, Christian sentimentsand principles were announced, and eloquentlymaintained at them, and so disseminated.Those meetings were interrupted by the attempt totake a fellow-man from our very midst into the hellof Slavery; and now that the Jerry Rescue case ispretty well settled, we mean to resume our ChristianUnion Meetings. EAR RIENDS they By what device of ours, if any, the evil we deplorecan be overcome, I am less prepared to show,than I am to show up the evil thing itself. Not by any organization, any new Church, willthe union be effected. All ecclesiastical bodiesgrow and subsist upon what they take from individuals—andsometimes they suck into themselvesall the blood of individual life. Now, I hold, with Dr. Channing, that 'the individualis greater than the Church,' or the State.And Churches and States, and bodies politic,ecclesiastical, conventional and social, of everyname, are valuable only so far as they encourageand aid the growth and development of the individualmind and heart. Whenever united men (letthe object of their union be what it may) overbear,oppress, discourage the individual man, they becomean evil, and are to be resisted. No other organization, therefore, of those whomay enlist in this Christian Union effort, will beneeded, or would be good, than such organizationof meetings as is found convenient for the transactionof business while together. All that it nowseems to me we can do to attain the object, to whichyour meeting of the 22d calls the public attention,is, to keep on exposing the evil of division amongthose who love God and man, and the unspeakablegood that would flow from greater union—all thewhile availing ourselves of every opportunity thatmay offer, to cooperate heartily for truth andrighteousness with those who are most shy of uson doctrinal or ceremonial matters, that they maybe made to know the pleasure and advantage ofsuch cooperation. I well remember that, in the first years of theAnti-Slavery movement, those who became so muchinterested in the cause of the enslaved as to bewilling to bear the reproach of abolitionists, seemedto forget that they belonged to different sects.I used to be invited (though a Unitarian) to preachin Orthodox pulpits, and to commune with OrthodoxChurches-and I received from several brethrenof 'the straightest sect' some precious confessionsof the joy of a larger fellowship than they hadtheretofore been used to. It is necessary, more than all, that we show thepeople that true religion does not abide in a formof words, however ingeniously devised and logicallybound together, but in that spirit in man whichalways prefers what is true to what is false, whatis right to what is wrong, the law of God to thelaw of man. It is necessary men should be broughtto see and own that a theoretical infidel, who is agood man, just, merciful and humble, (however faroff he may be,) is very much nearer the kingdomof Heaven, than a theoretical Christian (exactthough he be in all external observances) who isoppressive, uncharitable or proud. He is most ofa Christian who most nearly resembles Christ inhis character-not he who cries Lord, Lord, neverso devoutly, but he who habitually strives to dothe will of the Father in Heaven. Yours, affectionately, SAMUEL J. MAY. BOSTON, May 19th, 1853. OSTON BELOVED FRIEND:—Nothing keeps me from yourgathering of free and truth-loving spirits, to assembleat Old Kennett on the 22d instant, but the closeproximity of the New England Anti-Slavery Convention. ELOVED RIEND I regard your meeting as one of deep interestand universal importance. Its object, as set forthin the Call, commends itself to my understandingand my heart. It is to form a model religiousorganization, in which unity shall be attained withoutconstraint,—the spirit of progress recognizedas without limitation,—the claims of humanitymade paramount to all other considerations,—andfree speech and free inquiry conceded as the rightof every soul, essential to growth 'in knowledgeand in grace,' and the best preservative againstheresy, whether real or imaginary. Whether your movement be successful or not, itis worthy of commendation,—a sign of the timesequally cheering and prophetic. I see no insuperabledifficulty in the way of success, provided thetruly catholic spirit evinced in the Call brood overand pervade your deliberations. Of course, everyreligious association will be what its members arecollectively; if they are upright, fearless, honest,and progressive, so will it be. The greater includesthe less; the stream cannot rise higher thanthe fountain. The questions naturally arise,—How shall thisnew association be organized, and what shall be itsclaim? Or whom shall it be composed? To what extentshall conformity be required? What is implied byconnection therewith? And what shall be its creedand discipline? In attempting to answer these questions verybriefly, (for I write in haste, being straitened as totime, and would not infringe upon that of yourmeeting,) I do so in no spirit of dogmatism, butwith all deference to the opinion of others, andsimply as an expression of my own sentiments. 1. 'How shall this new association be organized,and what shall be its claim?' I answer—It must be purely voluntary, withdrawalfrom which, at any time, without reproach,shall be the right of every member. It must layclaim to no special divinity. It must not indulgethe idle dream of perpetuating itself from age toage, and hence make its safety and growth thechief object of its solicitude; for, in the nature ofthings, all human agreements, compacts, alliancesand organizations, are mutable, and tend to decay.It must be regarded simply as a means to an end—andthat end the personal liberty and religious improvementof every human being. It must notpredicate any thing of piety or philanthropy uponthe mere fact of membership; for 'all are notIsrael who are of Israel.' It must not assume to be the one true, infallibleand impeccable Church, or even a branch of it,which it is a religious duty to join, and out of thepale of which, there are none but heretics. Itmust not go back to the past-not even to apostolictimes and usages-to determine what shall be itsform or order; for what in one age may be trulyserviceable, in another may prove positively detrimental. 2. 'Of whom shall it be composed?' It mustrecognize no distinction as to complexion or sex.'Whosoever will, let him come.' 3. 'What shall be its distinctive object?' Practicalrighteousness; the discovery of truth, and itsapplication ('without partiality and without hypocrisy')to individuals and communities, to customsand institutions, to sects and parties; the acknowledgmentof the Fatherhood of God and theBrotherhood of Man. 4. 'To what extent shall conformity be required?'Not in matters of taste and amusement;not in a distinctive outward garb or mode of speech;not in theological opinions; not in regard to religiousrites or ceremonies; but only an approvalof the object, in the promotion of which every humanbeing has an everlasting interest. 5. 'What is implied by connection therewith?'A friendly and loving spirit, but not necessarilyan endorsement of the religious character or opinionsof any member; for as the association is to bewithout sectarian exclusiveness, so it is not to exercisesectarian discipline; and, therefore, it mustleave with its members, in their individual capacity,the responsibility for their course. 'So, then,every one of us must give account of himself untoGod.' 6. 'What shall be its creed and discipline?' Noother creed is needed, no better one can be devised,than that which Jesus gave in his day:—'Thoushalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, andthy neighbor as thyself '—'Whatsoever ye wouldthat men should do to you, do ye even so to them.'No discipline will work so effectively, or keep theassociation so pure and vital, as untrammeledspeech and the largest liberty of discussion; forthese are incompatible with superstition, tyranny,corruption, ambition, phariseeism, worldliness, andcrime. Where these are really enjoyed, as well asconceded in the abstract, no bull of excommunicationwill ever be found necessary. 'The wickedflee when no man pursueth, but the righteous areas bold as a lion.' True, such liberty may beabused, and in some instances will be abused;true, it may subject us to hearing some sentimentsdistasteful, offensive, and even highly reprehensible;true, some may attempt to run before theyare sent, and essay to speak when they ought to besilent; but the evil is only incidental, and willprove efficacious in enabling us all to 'possess oursouls in patience.' Such, briefly, are the suggestions which occur tome at this moment, and which I deferentially submitfor the consideration of your meeting. I shallbe with you in spirit; I regret that I cannot be soin bodily shape and presence. 'Grace, mercyand peace be with you all.' Yours, for the world's redemption, WM. LLOYD GARRISON. JOSEPH A. DUGDALE, of the Committee. OSEPH UGDALE WORCESTER, May 20th, 1853. ORCESTER DEAR SIR:—It seems to me that no thoughtfuland religious person can help seeing that we standat the beginning of a new religious dispensation.There is not a sect in the land which does notlament the languor of its own organization, andthe increasing indifference of its members. Andevery sum that rises sees a more hearty sympathyamong good men of all denominations. Every daybrings together new thousands, who, ten years ago,thought themselves hopelessly separated from religiouscommunion with each other. EAR IR I know of no illustration strong enough to expressthe rapidity with which the way seems tome preparing for a renovation of all our Churchorganizations. Two principal influences seem to me to be producingthis effect: 1. The practical philanthropy of the age andnation; since no healthy-minded man can co-operatewith men of different creeds and connections inany reform, without coming soon to take the practicalagreement for more than the theoretical separation. 2. The development of such various forces of asimple Natural Religion, which, strengthened bythe experience of many centuries, and especiallyby that of Jesus and his friends, is at length preparedto abandon some of the technicalities and allof the assumed infallibilities which have been usefulas a temporary stage of progress. It is comingto be soon that inspiration is nothing, unless it isnear and now;—that the deification of Jesus isactually a robbery from humanity of its noblestrepresentative;—and that the case becomes evenworse when the idolatry is transferred from him tothe imperfect records of his life; and we risk thepeace of mind of the whole race on the literal interpretationof the wild legends of a narrow, fierceand imaginative ancient nation. It has been peculiarlysad to see the Christians of New England,and the Society of Friends throughout the country,-the two organizations from which the naturalsuccession of religion and freedom would seem toproceed-to see both of these bodies giving in theiradhesion to the letter which killeth; and thenwhen occasion offered, taking up the work of killingwith their own hands, and attempting to murderthe reputation of those who early made consistentapplication of the principles which were originallycommitted to them. I am thoroughly convinced by the experience ofthe 'Free Church' in this city, that we have noadequate conception of the number who are prepared,or preparing, to abandon their present sectarianconnection whenever a favorable opportunityshall be given. I am acquainted with no religiousmeeting so absolutely free from all sectarian biasor connection as our own, except the Society towhich Theodore Parker ministers in Boston, andthe remarkable prosperity of these two, in theirrespective spheres, is a proof to me that such movementsin our large towns have now become notdesirable only, but altogether practicable. Withcordial sympathy, I am your friend, Free THOS. WENTWORTH HIGGINS. To J.A. DUGDALE, of the Committee. UGDALE PETERBORO', N.Y., April 9th, 1853. ETERBORO MY DEAR FRIEND:—I have this moment readyour letter, and also the circular which accompaniedit. I thank you for both. Y EAR RIEND I know that I should be greatly instructed, couldI attend the meeting to which you invite me. ButI cannot attend it. So excessive is my privatebusiness, that I never could attend a large share ofthe meetings which I wished to attend. Now,however, I can attend none, or nearly none, for Iam working very busily to get my business intosuch a shape that I can leave it next December,the time when I have to take my seat in Congress. I hope that Heavenly wisdom may guide yourassembly. I believe in a Christian Church, but not in theordinary sense of the word. Wherever there is acompany of Christians, there is a Christian Church.My doctrine is, that the Christians of the placeare the Church of the place, and equally so,whether they are Baptists, or Quakers, or Presbyterians,or Roman Catholics, or Methodists, orUniversalists, and equally so, too, whether they door do not believe in water baptism, or the Lord'ssupper, or the Sabbath. Sectarianism is the greatestcurse of the world. In haste, your friend, GERRIT SMITH. To JOSEPH A. DUGDASE, of the Committee. OSEPH UGDASE 

 ☞SALLIE HOLLEY, an Agent of the Mass. Anti-SlaverySociety, will lecture as follows:—Dover, N.H.. . . . . . .Friday, July 1. 

 Extract of a Letter from CHARLESS C. BURLEGH, publishedin the Pennsylvania Freeman:— HARLESS URLEGH Pennsylvania Freeman The Convention to amend the Constitution ofMassachusetts is now in session at the State Housein Boston. A petition, asking that when theamendments are submitted to the people, womenmay vote on the question of their adoption, hadbeen referred to a Committee; which had consentedto give the petitioners a hearing on its behalf. TheCommittee sat in the Senate Chamber, which willhold several hundred persons, and which was filledat an early hour with a mixed assembly of menand women of various sentiments, including somewho belong to the first rank of Boston society, butall evidently agreeing in one thing—an eager desireto hear the advocates of the petition. Lucy Stone spoke first, and for half an hour enchainedand delighted the audience with an exceedinglybeautiful and impressive address, simple andclear as daylight, strong in its array of pertinentfacts and plain, forcible exposition and applicationof principles, apt in illustrations, and at timesmelting the hearts and moistening the eyes of herhearers by passages of touching pathos, made allthe more effective by the plaintive modulation ofher soft, gentle voice, sweetly in harmony with thethoughts it uttered. The scene was fit for apainter, and none but a master of his art wouldhave been fit to attempt its delineation. There, inthe center of the hall, stood the slight form of thatnoble little woman, small in stature but large ofsoul, and grand in the magnitude of a lofty purpose;her hearing modest and dignified, her faceradiant with feeling, and speaking all over, as itwere, in eloquent accord with her earnest voice.Before her, on his raised seat of official distinction,sat the Chairman of the Committee, grave indemeanor, and trying occasionally, almost in vain,to preserve, during the recital of some moving taleof woman's wrongs and sufferings, that fixed composureof countenance which his station is supposedto require. Around him, the other membersof the Committee, and the miscellaneous congregationfilling the whole chamber, were listening inthe attitudes of close attention, and answering withchanging countenances—with smiles, or gravefixed looks, with shaded brows and starting tears,—to the changing tone and tenor of the speaker'swords. If the scene could have been truthfullyand worthily transferred to canvas, it would makea grand historical picture, not unworthy to rankwith those which illustrate and commemorate thegreat events of the past; the forward steps ofhumanity in its onward and upward march. Thetime may come when the world will be glad to have-if it can but get-a faithful picture of the firstappearance of a woman before the framers of thefundamental law of the State, to demand for hersex that equality with men in political rights,which is the inevitable logical inference from thepolitical theories of our nation. But to return from this digression. After Lucyhad resumed her seat, Wendell Phillips rose, andpresented an argument of about an hour's length,of which it is praise enough to say that it wasevery way worthy of this reputation, and was listenedto with the lively interest and pleasure whichhis speeches are wont to awaken and impart. Atthe close of his remarks, the Committee rose andthe audience dispersed. I am told that it is hopedthere will be another hearing, when Lucy willprobably appear again before the Committee, withother able and distinguished speakers, who had notan opportunity of addressing it at this time. Iknow also that there are men in the Convention—how many I am not aware, but, I think, a veryrespectable minority—who are in favor of grantingwhat the petition asks for. At all events, abeginning in a great work has now been fairlymade. 

 ☞OLD COLONY ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.ANNUAL MEETING. The nineteenth annual meetingof the Plymouth County (Old Colony) Anti-SlaverySociety will be held in the Town Hall at Scituate, onSunday, July 17. The excellent place for the meeting, and the occasion,we trust, will draw together a goodly number of ourfriends from all actions of the county. Names ofspeakers hereafter. BOURNE SPOONER, President. President. H.H. BATEMAN, Sec'ry. ATEMAN Sec'ry. 

 The New York Independent appropriately speaksof Lucy Stone as stating the case of a slave motherwith 'terrible distinctness.' In substance she said: Independent terrible distinctness. 'Look now upon that frenzied slave mother.The slave-catchers are in hot pursuit. She flies—her babe is across her shoulder—its little armsaround her neck. 'Stop! stop!' they call out,'or we'll shoot you.' She heeds not. Bulletswhistle past her, yet on she process. One bulletstrikes the bead of the dear child, and the bloodand brains are dashed out on the face and bosom ofthe mother—yes, the mother! She quickly turnsand throws her expiring babe on the parementsaying to them, 'take that!' and away she firesfrom their fiendish grasp, to a land of freedom! Mothers, when your children dies, what do you doYou prayerfully sit by them, and watch theirgradually receding spirits; you feel the last pulse—you catch the last gleam of that eye—you carefullyand affectionately fold those beautiful, thoselifeless hands—you kiss again and again thatwhite, noble, cold brow—you neatly attire thatbody for some sweet resting place amid green grassand weeping willows—there you place your childwhile sympathizing friends mingle their tears withyours. On that loved grave you plant roses, andall is peace.' Those readers will most appreciate the 'terribledistinctness,' who have heard Lucy, as they onlycan know the deep and subduing pathos of her voice, and the irresistible eloquence of her child-likemanner. The beauty of the whole is that shedid not appear in the least conscious that she hadproduced any marked effect. She had electrifiedher audience; she had scattered Baltimore Platforms,Fugitive Slave Enactments, Union SafetyCommittees, and Lower Law Doctors of Divinity,to the winds-and she looked as quiet and la$like as if nothing had happened. Oh, shame!shame! to ever talk of excluding from the World'sTemperance Convention, that gifted angle of mercy,—LUCY STONE. UCY TONE. 

 ☞PLYMOUTH COUNTY. A meeting of the OldColony Anti-Slavery Society will be held in Bosworth'sHall, West Duxbury, on Sunday, July 10. ANDREW T.FOSS and others will address the meeting. NDREW OSS In behalf of the Society. LEWIS FORD. 

 THE next course of Lectures in this Institution willcommence on Saturday, Oct. 1st, 1853, and continuefive months, (21 weeks,) closing on the 25th ofFebruary, 1854. HE five months DAVID J. JOHNSON, M.D., Professor of Chemistry andToxicology. AVID OHNSON ELLWOOD HARVEY, M.D., Professor of the Principlesand Practice of Medicine. LLWOOD ARVEY HILBERN DARLINGTON, M.D., Professor of Surgery. ILBERN ARLINGTON ANN PRESTON, M.D., Professor of Physiology NN RESTON EDWIN FUSSELL, M.D., Professor of Anatomy. DWIN USSELL MARK G. KERR, M.D., Professor of Materia Medien andGeneral Therapeutics. ARK ERR MARTHA H. MOWRY, M.D., Professor of Obstetrics andDiseases of Women and Children. ARTHA OWRY ALMIRA L. FOWLER, M.D., Demonstrator of Anatomyand Chemistry. LMIRA OWLER Persons wishing further information as to terms, regulations,&c., or desirous of receiving copies of the Announcement,will please apply, personally or by letter,to the Dean of the Faculty. DAVID J. JOHNSON, M.D., 229, Arch st., Philadelphia June 6 4m 

 AS it is at the Present Day; it Inspiration, Logic,&c. AALFRED W. HOAR, Medium. Price 30 cents.Just published by BELA MAESH, No. 25 Cornhill. S ALFRED OAR March 11. 8m 

 ANEW ANTI-SLAVERY WORK FROM THE SPIRITWORLD; being twelve Discourses on Government,by THOMAS JEFFERSON, through John M. Spear.Spirit Medium, with a preface, by ADIN BALLOT. Forsale by BELA MARSH, No. 25 Cornhill. BostonPrice, single, 12 1/2 cents; or ten copies for $1.00. HOMAS EFFERSON DIN ALLOT. May 6—3m. 

 Have you read SUNDERLAND'S BOOK OF HUMAN NATURE! Illustrating a NEW SYSTEM of the DIVINE PHILSSOPHY, in the Emerce, Form and Use of all things!The entire Rationale of the Mysteries, Miseries,Felicities of LIFE-Past. Present, Future, $1. EW YSTEM IVINE HILSSOPHY Emerce, Form and Use IFE Book of Psychology! Explaining the whole Secret of Pathologies,''Biology.'' Charms. Mental Constitution,Fanaticism, Witchesft, &c., &c., 25. cts. Book of Health! On Parentage, Infancy, Food, labor,Recreation, Sleep, Bathing, Causes of Ill Health, &c. Shows how the appetitefor Tobacco, Rum, Opium,may be destroyed. 25 cts. For sale by BELA MARSH, Boston, Mass.On the receipt of the Pride, these usefulBooks will be sent to your order by mail,free of postage! Address, post $ BELA MARSH,25 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. ELA ARSH Pride ELA ARSH 

 HAVE been completely fitted and put in orderThis establishment now comprises upwards ofTWO HUNDRED AND TWENTY-FIVE Room, being thelargest in the United States, with pure Salt Water, andunequalled facilities for outside Bathing. AVE WO UNDRED AND WENTY IVE ☞THE MILL DAM BATHS have been addedto the Ladies' Department, which has heretofore beenvery much crowded. Connected with this establishmentare also WARM OR COLD, FRESH OR SALT WATERTUB BATHS. Single Baths, 12 1/2 cents; or 10 for a dollar. THE TREMONT BATHS, entrance from TrementCourt, have been refitted, and are now open from sunrisetill 10 o'clock, P.M. JARVIS D. BRAMAN Boston, June 17, 1853. 

 LEWIS HAYDEN would respectfully call the alterationof his former customers and the public generally,to his ample stock of  Being connected with one of the very largest ClothingHouses in Boston, he is prepared to furnish every $of garment. He would also inform his friends that hewill get up every kind of custom garment at the shouldmet notice. He hopes the friends of freedom, especiallywill favor him with a call, as he has seen some hardservice in slavery. One and all are invited to callwhere they will always be treated fairly, and with guestbargains, at 121 CAMBRIDGE STREET, BOSTON. Boston, April 20, 1853. 

 SECOND edition, with an introduction by WendellPhillips; contributions from Theadore ParkerJohn G. Whittier, and Parker Pillsbury; tributes byLafuyette, Kosciusko and Washington; with factsgleaned from authentic military records, fire-side $versations, confirmed by oral and written testimoniesof the late Judge Story, Hon. Robert C. Winthrop. H$Anson Burlingame, Rev. J.W.C. Pennington, JohnHancock, Gov. Eustis, Gen. Jackson, Hon. Tritam Bargess,Hon. Calvin Goddard, Hon Charles Pinckney, etc. ECOND The first edition was favorably noticed by the NewYork Tribune, Rochester Daily Americas, Liberator.Commonwealth, Boston Bee, Zion's Herald, ChristianWatchman, Impartial Citizen, Essex Freeman, FrederickDouglass' Paper, and Salem Gazette. Copy-right secured according to law. For sale at 21 Cornhill. Price 15 cents, single. 

 THE Speech of WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq., delivered asthe last annual meeting of the Massachusetts A.S.Society, in vindication of the Anti-Slavery Movement.Price 6 cents. Also, HE ENDELL HILLIPS Also, the Twenty-First Annual Report of the Board of Managers of the Massachusetts A.S. Society, fromthe pen of EDMUND QUINCY, Esq., Price 37 1/2 cents. DMUND UINCY A Discourse occasioned by the death of DASIEL WEBSTER,preached at the Melodeon on Sunday, Oct. $,1852, by Rev. THEODORE PARKER. This Discourse hasbeen much enlarged, and occupies 116 pages. Price37 1/2 cents. ASIEL EBSTER HEODORE ARKER. 

 JUST published, and for sale by ROBERT F. WALLCUT,21 Cornhill, A SERMON OF THE PUBLIC FUNCTIONSOF WOMAN, preached at the Music Hall, March27, 1853. By THEODORE PARKER, Minister of theTwenty-Eighth Congregational Society. Phonographicallyreported by J.M.W. Yerrington and RufusPeighton.' Lrice 6 cents single—50 cents per domes. UST ERMON OF THE UBLIC UNCTIONSOF OMAN HEODORE ARKER 

 SELECTIONS FROM THE WRITINGS AND SPER$OF WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON—316 pages, duodeciom.Price-In cloth, $1.00; extra gilt, $1.25. ROM THE RITINGS AND PER$OF ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON For sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 21 Cornhill. 

