 The Shady Side; or. Life in a Country Parsonage. Bya Pastor's With, Boston: John P. Jewett &Co.1853. pp, 349. The System of Nature: or, Lews of the Moral andPhysical World. By Baron D Holbach, Author of'Good Sense,' &c. A New and Improved Edition,with Notes by Diderot. Translated, for the first time,by H.D. Esbinson. Two volumes in one. Vol I.Stereotype Edition. Benton: Published by J, P.Mendum, 65 Cornhill. 1858. pp. 368. A Philosophical Dictionary; front the French of M. deVoltaire. With additional Notes, both Critical andArgumentative, American Stereotype Edition. InTwo volumes, Boston: Published by J.P. Mendum,65 Cornhill. All we can do, this week, in simply to acknowledgethe receipt of these works from the publishers, and tonotify our readers of their publication. 

 'THE UNA.' We have received; the second number ofthis interesting and well-conducted journal, which isedited by Mrs. PAULINA WRIGHT DAVIS, and publishedmonthly at Providence, R.I., at one dollar per annumin advance. It is devoted to the elevation of Woman,and we bops will meet with a liberal patronage. HE NA. AULINA RIGHT AVIS 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ERMS ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all letters to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent.  ☞Advertisements making less than one square inchthree times for 75 cents.—one square for $1 00. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania and Ohio Anti-Slavery Societies are authorized to receive subscriptions for the Liberator. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of the debtsof the paper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLIS GRAY, EDMUND QUINCY, SAMUEL PHILBRICK, andWENDELL PHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON LLIS RAY  DMUND UINCY AMUEL HILBRICK HILLIPS. ☞In the the columns of THE LIBERATOR, both sides ofevery question are impartially allowed a hearing. HE IBERATOR, 

 MR. EDITOR: R. DITOR In THE LIBERATOR of the 4th inst. appearedand article under the above caption, which conveys an entirelyerroneous impression. Charity, however, compels meto the belief that there was no design on the part ofyear correspondent, G.B. STERBINS, bat rather, thatfrom his haste to note down what I did say, he did notget some of it quite correct He has drawn conclusions,also, in my opinion, without any warrant far sodoing. HE IBERATOR TERBINS He makes me say, that 'the law proclaimed fromSteal allowed the slaveholders to hold slaves.'What Isaid was this:—The civil laws of the Jews, given immediatelyafter the moral code of Steal, permitted slavesto beheld. Any one who doubts this, can refer to Exodus21. The moral code is given in Exodus 20. after 'Doulex,' he remarks, 'in Scripture, always meantslave, except twice, when used as a trope.' If he hadmade me say, the term doules, in its primitive sense,always means slave, when, in the New Testament, it isneed in any other sense, it is a tropical use of the term,he would have made me say the truth, and just what Idid say. For the truth of this, see Romans 1:1, wherePaul cells himself the doules of Jesus Christ—this is atropical and not a literal use of the term. Doulex tropical doules 'Mr. Goss,' be asserts, 'was the leading defender ofslavery, and at the close of his Biblical argument, thosereligions teachers could hardly find a text against oppression'in either Testament' The question of 'oppression'was not under consideration at all, as the sequelwill show. If it had been, I apprehend that notonly verses, bat chapters, could easily be found 'againstoppression'; but as it was, verse after verse wasquoted, by several of these who opposed me. But, 'Mr. Gees-was the leading defender of slavery.'So far from 'leading' in the defence of slavery, I defyG.B. STEBBINS or any one else to lead me to do suchdirty work. Defend slavery? Never! So far fromdefending it, I would, before the setting of the son,break every bond, and 'let the oppressed go free.'God knows my heart; I hate such a system too muchto 'defend' it The very first public speech that Iever made was against the sum of all evils; and I havenot since refrained from so doing, neither shall I, althoughG.B. STEBBINS may brand me as a 'defender ofslavery.' leading defender TEBBINS TEBBINS I am always ready to lift op my voice, as beet I may,at any time and place, against this crying evil. Thequestion discussed at Walworth was the following:—'Shalla rule be enacted to exclude all slaveholdersfrom the M.E. Church?' On this resolution, I remarked,that as we bad allowed them, according toDiscipline, to enter the church, and had fellowshippedthem in the church up to the present time, it wouldnow be unjust to cut them off at a stroke, without anydiscrimination; that such a rule would be ex pout facto,therefore unjust. Them reasons led me to oppose theresolution. Not that, in so doing, I took the groundthat slaveholders ought to be admitted into the church;but, as we have done so up to the present time, is it nota debatable question, Mr. Editor, whether they oughtto be cut off immediately, without any discrimination?I am in favor of a rule prohibiting any more from cominginto the church, and offered a resolution to that effectat Walworth, as your correspondent must beaware. ex pout facto I must protest against the inference of G.B.S. inreference to the standard of anti-slavery feeling in theEast Genesee Conference, drawn from the proceedingsat Walworth. That was only a meeting of a small districtin the E.G. Conference, composed of only eighteenpreachers out of one hundred and twenty. . Only somehalf of that number were present on that occasion,making nine, all told. Not one of that number presentspoke against the resolution—'Mr. Goes' beingonly a probationer in the Conference. In the nextplace, I can assure you that nine-tenths of the preachersin the East Genesee Conference are bona fide anti-slaveryin their sentiments, and will do as much to breakthe galling chains as G.B.S. or any other man. Howunjust, then, the imputation of your correspondent! nine-tenths bona fide I hope, dear sir, that your love of justice and truthwill prompt you to give this the same publicity as thearticle alluded to. C.C. G0SS. CLIFTON SPRINGS, March 15, 1853. LIFTON PRINGS 

 THE U.S. CONSTITUTION IS 'A COVENANT WITH DEATHAND AN AGREEMENT WITH HELL.' ☞'Yes! IT CANNOT BE DENIED—the slaveholdinglords of the South prescribed, as a condition of theirassent to the Constitution, three special provision toSECURE THE PERPETUITY OF THEIR DOMINION OVER THEIRSLAVES. The first was the immunity, for twenty years,of preserving the African slave trade; the second wasTHE STIPULATION TO SURRENDER FUGITIVE SLAVES—anengagement positively prohibited by the laws of God,delivered from Sinai; and, thirdly, the exaction, fatalto the principles of popular representation, of a representationfor SLAVES—for articles of merchandize, underthe name of persons ..... in fact, the oppressor representingthe oppressed!... To call government thus constituteda democracy, is to insult the understanding ofmankind. It is doubly tainted with the infection ofriches and slavery. It reciprocal operation upon thegovernment of the nation is to establish an artificialmajority in the slave representative over that of thefree people, in the American Congress; AND THEREBYTO MAKE THE PRESERVATION, PROPAGATION AND PERPEUTATIONOF SLAVERY THE VITAL AND ANIMATING SPIRITOF THE NATIONAL GOVERNMENT.'—John Quincy Adams. 

 CINCINNATI, Feb. 15th, 1853. INCINNATI BROTHER CONE: ROTHER ONE The following I read test evening in THE LIBERATOR,published in Boston, Friday, Feb. 44h, 1853.:— HE IBERATOR 'Rev. A.T. Foes said that, some years since, whenthe American Bible Society voted to place the Bible,within five years, in every family in the land, theAmerican and Foreign Bible Society (which is the BaptistSociety,) not to be behind in so good a work, votedto do its part to the same end. Rev. Abel Brown, inthat meeting, inquired whether the slaves at the Southwere contemplated in this arrangement The momentthe inquiry was made, shouts of "Order! Order! Order!"came from every part of the house. Rev. Dr.Cone, the presiding officer, rose, greatly excited, and ina loud voice said, "Sit down, Mr. Brown; you are outof order!" And it was so. The meeting before wasgreatly moved—much sobbing and crying; but everytear was dried when Mr. Brown asked his impertinentand troublesome question, (?) and great indignation was''expressed in every direction.' Is the representation, as quoted above, correct? Youmay think me, being a stranger to yen, impertinent.I have no other desire in addressing yon than the gloryof God and the good of mankind. Too will not rememberme, I presume; but I sat under your preachingwith a great deal of pleasure, and I think profit,somewhere about seventeen or eighteen years ago, inthe Oliver Street Church. I should like to be preparedto refute the taunts of the infidel, when I am reproachedwith the above representation. Yours with true regard, E. HARWOOD. CINCINNATI, March 7th, 1853. INCINNATI DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: EAR RIEND ARRISON The following is a true espy of a letter received byme in answer to one dated 16th of February test (whichyou will find enclosed,)' directed to Dr. SPENCER ILCONE, of New York city. Will yon be kind enough togive It a place in your paper, with my letter? PENCER ONE Yours with sincere regard, E. HARWOOD. AMERICAN BIBLES UNION,New York, Feb. 26, 1853.} E. HARWOOD, Cincinnati, Ohio: ARWOOD DEAR BROTHER,—Dr. Cone has handed me a letterfrom you, under date of the 15th, and requested ate toreply. His memory of facts b generally very distinct,and my own accords with his in the following statementWhen the American Bible Society veted to place a Biblein every family in the land in a certain period,(Dr. Cone thinks that the period was two, and not 'five'years, as in. your letter,) the American and ForeignBible Society was not in existence. The letter Societynever, to his knowledge, had the subtest before them.The whole glory at catirely now to us. EAR ROTHER was not in existence. The whole glory at catirely now to us. Yours with Christian regard, WM.H. WYCKOFF, Cor. Sec. Cor. Sec. *#x261E;We have no doubt Mr. Foes will set this matterright.—Ed. Lib. Ed. Lib. 

  TO PREVENT THE EMIGRATION OF FREE NEGROESINTO THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.  Sec. 1.  Be it enacted by the people of the Stateof Illinois, represented in the General Assembly, if any person or persons shall bring or cause brought into this State, any negro or mulatto, whether said slave is set free or not, shall be to an indictment, and upon conviction there fined for every such negro or mulatto, a sum less than one hundred dollars, nor more than hundred dollars, and imprisonment in the counnot more than one year, and shall stand until said fine and costs are paid.           Sec. 2.  When an indictment shall be found any person or persons, who are not residents State, it shall be the duty of the court be whom said indictment is pending, upon affida being made and filed in said court by the Attorney, or any other credible wit setting forth the non-residence of said defendand showing the probable residence of said, to notify the Governor of this State, by the Clerk of said court to transmit to the indictment of the Secretary of State a certified copy of and affidavit; and it shall be the of the Governor, upon the receipt of said cop appoint some suitable person to arrest said or defendants, in whatever State or coun or they may be found, and to commit him or to the jail of the county in which such indictmentis pending—there to remain and answer said, and he otherwise dealt with, in acwith this act. And it shall be the dutyof the Governor, to issue all the necessary requisites,writs and papers to the Governor, or other officer of the State, territory, or province, such defendant or defendants may be found: that this section shall not be construed so affect persons or slaves bona fide travellingthrough this State from and to any other State inthe United States.                            bona fide Sec. 3.  If any negro or mulatto, bond or free,shall come into this State, and remain ten days the evident intention of residing in the same, such negro or mulatto shall be deemed guilty high misdemeanor, and for the first offence, be fined the sum of fifty dollars, to be rebefore any justice of the peace, in the where said negro or mulatto may be found; proceedings shall be in the name of the peopleof the State of Illinois, and shall be tried by ajury of twelve man. The person making the inor complaint, shall not be a competent upon said trial.          Sec. 4.  If said negro or mulatto shall be found and the fine assessed be not paid forthwith the justice of the peace, before whom said pro were had, it shall be the duty of said to commit said negro or mulatto to the of the sheriff of said county, or otherwise him, her or them, in custody: and said jusshall forthwith advertise said negro or mulatto. putting up notices thereof in at least three of public places in his district, which said shall be posted up for ten days, and on the and at the time and place mentioned in said, the said justice shall at public proceed to sell said negro or mulatto, to person or persons who will pay said fine and for the shortest time; and said purchaser have the right to compel said negro or mulatto to work for, and serve out said time, and he said negro or mulatto with comfortablefood, clothing and lodging, during said services.                    Sec. 5.  If said negro or mulatto shall not withdays after the expiration of his, her, or their of service, as aforesaid, leave the State, he,she or they shall be liable to a second prosecution, the penalty to be inflicted shall be one dollars, and so on for ever subsequent the penalty shall be increased fifty dollars and above the last penalty inflicted, and the proceedings shall be had in each case as is for in the proceeding sections for the first          Sect. 6.  Said negro or mulatto shall have a right an appeal to the circuit court of the coun which said proceedings shall have been had, five days after the rendition of the judg before the justice of the peace, by giving and security to be approved by the clerk of to the people of the State of Illinois, be filed in the office of said clerk within said, in double the amount of said fine and all conditioned that the party appealing will be and appear before said circuit court,the next term thereof, and not depart said without leave; and will pay said fine and all if the same shall be so adjudged by said and said security shall have the right to take negro or mulatto into custody, and retain the until the order of said court is complied with. if the judgement of the justice of the peace be in whole or in part, and said negro be guilty, the said circuit court shall thereupon judgement against said negro or mulatto, and or securities on said appeal bond, for amount of fine so found by the court, and all of suit, and the clerk of said court shall issue an execution against said defen security as in other cases, and the sheriff officer to whom said execution is directed proceed to collect the same by sale or other Provided, That this section shall not be so as to give the security on said appeal right to retain the custody of said negro or for a longer time than ten days, after the of said judgment by said circuit court.                                    Sec. 7.  In all cases arising under the provisions act, the prosecuting witness or person mak complaint and prosecuting the same, shall entitled to one-half of the fine so imposed and, and the residue of said fine shall be paid the county treasury of the county in which proceedings were had; and said fines, when, shall be received by said county treasurer, kept by him as a distinct and separate fund, called the 'charity fund,' and said fund shall for the express purpose of relieving the of said county, and shall be paid out by said upon the order of the county court of, drawn upon him for that purpose.               Sec. 8.  If, after any negro or mulatto shall have arrested under the provisions of this act, any or persons shall claim any such negro or as a slave, the owner, by himself or agent, have right, by giving reasonable notice to the or person having the custody of said negro mulatto, to appear before the justice of the before whom said negro or mulatto shall been arrested, and prove his or their right to custody of said negro or mulatto as a slave, if said justice of the peace shall, after hearingthe evidence, be satisfied that the person orpersons claiming said negro or mulatto is the owner and entitled to the custody of said negro or mulatto,in accordance with the laws of the UnitedStates passed upon this subject, he shall, upon theowner or a agent paying all costs up to the time ofclaiming said negro or mulatto, and the cost ofproving the same, and also the balance of the fineremaining unpaid, give to said owner a certificateof said facts, and said owner or agent so claiming,shall have a right to take and remove said slaveout of the State.            Sec. 9. If any justice of the peace shall refuseto issue any writ or process necessary for the arrestand prosecution of any negro or mulatto, underthe provisions of this act, upon complaint beingmade before said justice by any resident of hiscounty, and his fees for said service being tenderedhim, shall be deemed guilty of non-feasance inoffice, and upon conviction thereof punished accordingly,and in all cases where the jury find forthe negro or mulatto, or that he, she, or they, arenot guilty under the provisions of this act, the saidjustice of the peace shall proceed to render judgmentagainst the prosecuting witness, or personmaking the complaint, and shall collect the sameas other judgments: Provided, That said prosecutingwitness or person making said complaint, inease judgment is rendered against him, shall havea right to take an appeal to the Circuit Court, asis provided for in this act, in case said negro ormulatto is found guilty. Sec. 10. Every person who shall have one-fourthnegro blood shall be deemed a mulatto. Sec. 11. This act shall take effect and be in forcefrom and after its passage. Approved February 12th, 1853. 

 DOWACKAC, Case Co., Mich.,March 18, 1853.} OWACKAC DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON Looking up my receipts, I find my subscription to THELIBERATOR has expired. We can't do without it, althoughits price would take three papers of the size. If any of your lecturers have occasion to pass thisway, they may find a shelter in my cabin as long asthey will work with us. Cannot the Anti-Slavery Societyafford to sowtheir seed in this part of Michigan?I have lived here two years, and have as yet heard noearnest pleading for the slave. Resolved are $1, 60, for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. Yours truly, O.P. DRURY 

 This law we do not hesitate to pronounce unjust,but brutal in the extreme, and is another of theresults which have been secured by those rampantspirits who set law and order at defiance, and joinin treasonable demonstrations against the Governmentfor the purpose of overturning the establishedprecedents which have guided us in days past, andbreaking down all barriers interposed between theConstitution and traitors. One of the fruits oftheir insane proceedings is seen in the passage ofsuch a disgraceful enactment, which, as the law ofthat State, must be obeyed. Must be obeyed wesay, for we hold it to be a self-evident principle,that to preserve the institutions of our land freefrom innovation, every citizen is bound to obey thelaws which have been enacted in accordance withthe established Constitution. We regret that we are called upon to record thepassage of this law, for we cannot but consider itinhuman and cruel. The colored race are permittedto enjoy very many privileges at the North,which, if their pretended friends persist in 'spittingupon the Constitution,' may be curtailed by asudden, ill-timed and injudicious movement. Weshould he sorry to see such a state of things existing,and we hope and pray the efforts of a fewfanatics may never bring upon us that shame. Wewish to live in peace and harmony with all people,and if a few hot heads are held in curb, there willbe no difficulty in so doing.—Albany Transcript. Albany Transcript. 

 MR. EDITOR: R. DITOR Perhaps many of your readers may have misapprehended the meaning of an 'Ocean Penny Postageand thought that it was proposed to send a letter fromany town in the United States to say town in Great Britain, for one penny, or two cents. But this idea isentirely incorrect. It is the mere service of transporting a single letter across the ocean, that is asked for a penny. This is to be added to the British inland rate, and to the inland charge of the United States. Thesethe entire charge on a letter from St. Louis to Edinburgh,would be 3 1/2d., or 7 cents—3 for the Americanisland, 2 for the ocean, and 2 for the British inland service. It is to be hoped, however, that the Americaninland postage may be reduced to one penny, or two cents, so that each of these three services shall be performed for a penny. Under the existing regime, the whole charge for these three services is a shilling, or 24 cents. Under the reduction proposed, they would be performed for 7 cents, if the inland postage of the United States should remain as it is at present; but for 6 cents, if this inland charge should be reduced to 2cents. Then we want 34 times the present numberletters—enough between the United States and Great Britain to produce the present amount of revenue.Would the reduction proposed insure this increase?This is the practical question. Let us see. Let us take very moderate estimates, for it would be better thatthey should fall short of the reality, than to pass beyond it. Is it not, then very moderate to assume that the present number of persons in Europe and North Americanwould, on an average, write twice under an Ocean PennyPostage, where they now write once under the present shilling rate? Admit this statement, and we have nothan half the requisite augmentation. Where shall we look for the other half? Why, to an extraordinarysource of increase, almost confined to the United StateThere are now about 400,000 persons who emigrate from Europe to North America every year. These are all new correspondents, and their number will amounta million in three years, annually increasing by several hundred thousands. Is it not equally moderate to assume, that this million of emigrants would write. on an average, two letters per head, annually, to their friends in Europe, and receive two in return? Then from this source we should have 4,000,000 letters a year, increasing,probably, at the rate of a million annually, afterthree years of the new system. Then this postal reformation would almost completely break up the private or clandestine conveyance of letters by the passengers and crews of the steam-packets and sailing-packets that cross the ocean, and bring into the mail bags the matter thus conveyed in the pockets of individualswould greatly diminish the number of dead letters,which now amount to about 10,000 per month, betweenGreat Britain and North America. It would, to a great extent, break up the almost universal custom of enclosing several communications, addressed to differentindividuals, and enclosed under one envelope to save postage. Ocean Penny Postage twice once Frequently, four or five of such communications, written on very thin paper, manufactured for this express purpose, are thus forwarded for one shilling. Nowus put those source, of increase together. The whole number of letters conveyed across the Atlantic by the Canard, Collins, Havre and Bremen lines of steampackets, during the. years ending June 30, 1851, was in round numbers, 3,900,00.  Now we want three and a half times this number, or 13,650,000, in ordermake an Ocean Penny Postage produce the present amount of revenue. The present number of persons in Europe and America, who wrote, 3,900,000 letters1851, would write 7,800,000 during the first year of the new system. The million of emigrants to Americathe course of three years, would write and receive 4,000,000 annually. From these two sources, we have 11,800,000 per annum, at the end of the third yearthe postal reform. We need 1,850,000 to makethe revenue to its present amount. Now can there be any reasonable doubt, that the other three sources we have described would produce and increaserevenue equal to that of these 1,850,000 letters which we need at the end of the third year, to make an OceanPenny Postage pay? Can there be any serious loss of revenue incurred or apprehended from the adoption of this great postal reform? Then why may it not be realized during the present session of the U.S. Congress and British Parliament? Yours sincerely, ELIHU BURRIT. 35 Broad it Buildings, London, Nov. 18, 1852 

 Illinois has voluntarily become a Slave State.Her Legislature has just passed a law, which parallelsin atrocity the Fugitive Slave Law, andwhich distinguishes her as the most infamous ofall the States in the Union. South Carolina may now bow her head, and hangher harp upon the willows. Illinois goes beyondher, in unconstitutional, inhospitable, inhuman,God-defying legislation, and stands up before thecivilized world as the cynosure of those RepublicanStates, from which nations may learn the wayto be infamous, without knowing how to think ofshame. This law of Illinois permits slaveholders to carrytheir slaves through the State. It confers uponthem the right of transit, which the Doughfacesof New York were so anxious to confer upon Lemmonand his slaves. The 'free soil' of Illinoiscannot now, under any circumstances, become freeto a slave. If his master carries him into theState, he can hold him. If he enters it, himself,he can be seized, imprisoned, and finally sold againinto slavery, to reimburse the great republic ofIllinois for the trouble of depriving him of hisliberty. This, however, is only one of the abominablefeatures of this, so called, law. If any colored citizen of Massachusetts, or anyother free State, having one fourth part of negroblood in his veins, enters Illinois and remains therefor ten days, he is liable to a fine of fifty dollars;and if be does not pay said fine, he shall be sold atauction as a SLAVE. Think of these things, and think of the provisionof the Constitution, which says that the citizens ofthe several States shall have all the rights of citizensin each of the States. The legislature of Illinoisassumes the right to dispose of the liberty ofcertain of oar fellow-citizens, in direct defiance ofthis Constitutional law; and it will not allow themto pursue their legitimate business, over the bordersof Illinois. The Constitution is a pleasantfiction, out there. They read it in law libraries,but they do not put any confidence in its statementsor principles. The human auction block, the yokeof bondage, and the slave pen, are seemingly moregermain to the aspirations and principles of Illinoisdemocracy, than the principles of the Declarationof Independence, or the institutions of freedom.Illinois is now, by her own act, a slave State. The Boston Courier attributes this circumstanceto the Free Soilers and Abolitionists. The Couriersays it is a consequence of anti-slavery agitation.One would suppose the Courier to be joking, if itwas possible for that paper to indulge in such apleasant pastime. But as it cannot joke, of course,it is terribly in earnest when it makes this charge.It says that Free Soilers and Abolitionists have encouragedslaves to run away, until Illinois is burdenedwith negro paupers, and that it is to protectherself, that that Commonwealth makes her presentstringent statute. Of course, the Courier considersthe legislature of Illinois justifiable in the courseit has pursued, and probably would be pleased ifMassachusetts would sell into slavery the wholeIrish population of oar State, because Irish crowdour almshouses in a tenfold greater proportion thancolored paupers do those of Illinois. The humanity,justice, or Christianity of the act, does notseem to occupy the Courier's attention for a moment.If it pays in Illinois to do this thing, then, accordingto the logic of the Courier, she has sufficientright and cause to do it. Courier Courier Courier pays Courier The Courier thus explains the philosophy of Dr.Dewey's declaration, that he would send his motherto slavery if the law provided he should do so;and it also lets us see the holy, pious, pure,benevolent source from which have issued all thoseclerical expressions of admiration for slavery andthe Fugitive Slave Law, which have rung from thepulpits for the last three years. Courier Dr. Dewey so hates slavery, that he would sendhis mother into it to abolish it; and Dr. Dewey'sclerical confreres are so eager to abolish slavery,that they cannot give sufficient expression to theiradmiration of the laws made to sustain it; neithercan they find language bitter enough, with whichto stigmatize those who profess to believe thatGod's law is a higher law than the slave law. The Courier says, that the legitimate consequenceof bearing testimony against sin and crime is theincrease thereof, and, of course, it must also maintainthe converse of this proposition, which is, thatthe legitimate consequence of encouraging crime isits diminution. According to the Courier's moralphilosophy, the Savior of men was encouragingwickedness when he rebuked the Scribes and Pharisees,and called sinners to repentance. Courier Courier's The inference to be drawn from the reasoning ofthe Courier is, that if he had acted like those eminentChristians, Dr. Dewey and Daniel Webster,everybody, in these days, would have been as goodas he could be, and freedom, humanity, and millennialgladness would have filled the world with theirglorious presence. But we understand why the Courier wishes tothrow the responsibility of this law of Illinoisupon Free Soilers and Abolitionists. We know thesecret of its present stupid mode of reasoning. Itstill possesses one spark of human feeling, andsome sense of shame. It knows that Daniel Webster's7th of March speech begat the Fugitive SlaveLaw; the Fugitive Slave Law begat the two Baltimoreplatforms; and the two Baltimore platformsbegat the recent Slave Laws of California and Illinois.The whole brood of tyranny and oppressionare traceable to the stupendous apostacy of theCourier's idol, and it knows it. It is on this account,therefore, that it denounces this act of injusticeand cruelty as the work of Free Soilers. Itknows where the guilt belongs, but is too cowardlyto own it. Courier Courier's Does the Courier know that there is an armedexpedition now on its way from the United Statesto Japan, to call the Japanese to account for a lawsimilar to that of Illinois, but far less atrocious,inasmuch as it does not apply to their own countrymen?We should like Tor the Courier to tell uswhether the friends or enemies of slavery are responsiblefor the Jaw of Japan. If it does notknow, we would advise it to consider the subject. Courier Courier It will be a sad day for the world when thereare not men in it good enough and brave enoughto denounce and defy unjust laws. We trust inGod that such a day of shame and sadness willnever throw its shadow on this continent, notwithstandingthe responsibility which the Courier attachesto agitation. Courier 

 DEAR MR. GARRISON: EAR R. ARRISON On making a recent visit to the store of LEWIS (No. 121 Cambridge street,) I was much pleased to see that be had been enlarging his premises, having made them nearly double the size they were before, andhaving, in addition, fitted them up in a very neat and attractive manner. Mr. HARDEN, as a colored manand once a slave, has had, as all must see, difficulties and discouragements to encounter, in establishing a place of business. He seems to have been steadily overcoming these, and to have done much to earn for himself the reputation of a good business as well as a most worthy citizen. It is to be hoped the encouragement will be given to him, for it is well At his store, a large and good assortment of every kind of clothing may be found. Let those who areskeptical of what a slave can do, when he has no longer a master to oversee him, call at friend HAYDEN EWIS  ARDEN    AYDEN Truly yours, S.M. Jr. 

 The State of Illinois, (may God save our feetfrom ever touching her soil!) has just passed oneof the most atrocious laws ever written in a statute-book.It is entitled 'An Act to prevent the emigrationof free negroes into this State.' We will hastilysketch its provisions. * * * * * An Act to prevent the emigrationof free negroes into this State. Is it true that we live in a country where God isworshipped, and His Laws are reverenced? Is thisa land of liberty? Where are Drs. Dewey, Taylor,and Lord, and will they who have justified the catchingof runaway slaves, now defend the imprisonmentof freemen, for no crime whatever, and their reductionto a state of Slavery? We presume theywill. It is not enough to insist that no slave shallbe freed—it will not suffice to refetter every negro,who, in his horrible anguish, has snapt asunderhis chains. We must begin the work or manufacturingslaves—here at the North! Here, where theground is not yet dry of the blood of revolutionaryheroes!—where we shout ourselves hoarse for Liberty,Equality, and Fraternity. And this damnablebusiness has commenced in a Free State—in aState that should be proud of its liberties, whichshould maintain them, but shall forever after thisbe a byword among the nations. A hundred slave-holderscannot be found throughout the entireSouth, wicked enough and mean enough to passsuch a law. Legree himself would have shrunkback with affright from such an iniquity. To holdslaves is one thing—but to deliberately sell atauction free men is a more stupendous wickedness.The laws of all Northern States punish severelythe individual kidnapper—but the Legislators ofthe State of Illinois are kidnappers of the blackesttype. And they shall verily have their reward.The civilized world will pronounce their nameswith horror, and the day is coming when, even indark, benighted Illinois, their memory shall exciteonly shame and loathing. Talk of the oppressionof England! We know from what we have seenwith our own eyes, that there as oppression there;but we would sooner take the position of the mostmiserable peasant or artisan in all Britain, thanlive a white freeman in Illinois! Our religious papers,our churches, our clergymen, are weepingprodigious tears over the Madiai family—have theyone word to any in reference to this law whichmakes chattels of freemen? We shall see. true they the imprisonmentof freemen and their reductionto a state of Slavery? such sell atauction 

 ELLEN CRAFT. An English friend, in a letter bylast steamship, says, 'I had as excellently writtenletter from ELLEN CRAFT yesterday, in which she speaksof her baby,—a fine child, not having had an besilment. Ellen, with simplicity and tenderness, that her 'poor mother cannot hear of the treasure which god has given her;' and says, it makes my very heart ache, when I think of a system in a professal Christian country, which will not allow a daughter to gladden the heart of her mother byforming her of the birth of her first free-born baby.Shame on our land!. LLEN RAFT. LLEN RAFT   The same English friend asks— 'Who is Kelly, of New Bedford, Mass, America'?  "case," and picture of himself, wife, miss, and the master Kellys, are before me. He is making a harvest by begging for money to purchase his own freedom, being anxious, for the sake of the souls of the parishioners, to return to the United States!  I suspecthe is a humbug.'    Can our New Bedford friends throw say light onmatter? 

 Southern slaveholders have a passion for mischiefframed into law, which attracts the attentionof the civilized world. Yet, with all their ardorfor slavery, they do not knew how to be guiltyof such mean, detestable, low-minded, base-heartedscoundrelism, in matters touching the slaveryquestion, as a certain class of pro-slavery politiciansin the North. We have this folly illustratedby a recent act of legislation in Illinois,—an actso base, so atrocious, that the devil must concludethat his services an no longer needed in that State—the pro-slavery politicians then being quite ableto beat him at his own work. To clap the climax of this shameless scoundrelism,put forth as law, the act provides that, afterpaying to the prosecutor one half of the moneythus accruing from the prosecution and sale ofnegroes and mulattoes, the remainder shall 'bekept as a distinct and separate fund, to be calledTHE CHARITY FUND, and said fund shall be used forthe express purpose of relieving the poor'!!! Thisis intended as a religious consecration of devilism.It is a gaunt thing to seem religious; hence wehave stories of bloody robbers and other greatscoundrels who endowed shrines, and made a largeuse of the airs and trappings of sanctimoniousness. to be called and said fund shall be used forthe express purpose of relieving the poor'!!! Virginia cannot be an base as that. The recentattempt then to enact atrocious laws against thefree blacks, and the indignation which at oncearose and baffled it, shows that the Old Dominion,in spite of the disastrous influence of her peculiarinstitution, has a grace of humanity and a senseof self-respect, to which the legislators of Illinoisan utter strangers. True, such things in the freeStates show the influence of slavery, which moreor less degrades and debauches the whole country.But the slave laws of Virginia an ordered by theslave system as it exists there; while such thingsin a free State show nothing so clearly as the servilerascality of pro-slavery politicians. In Illinois, some of the papers, both Whig andDemocratic, are denouncing the new black law.Very few of the people relish it, and many of themspurn it and spit upon it. It will be a dead letterin all the Northern part of the State, it is said.The matter bids fair to provoke a vehement agitationof the slavery question-In that quarter. Thatenactment seems likely to bring a tempest on theheads of its infamous framers, most of whom havethe word Democracy upon, their unhallowed lips,and sanctimoniously profess that among the inalienablerights of man, are liberty and the pursuitof happiness.—Commonwealth. Commonwealth. 

 THE SELF-ELEVATOR. Such is the title of monthly paper, just commenced in Boston, —BENJAMINF. ROSERTS, Proprietor. Terms, one dollar in advance.Office, No, 19 Washington street, Its 'to agitate the cause of general improvementthe colored people,' especially in regard to employments and scientific pursuits.  Mr. ROBERTS identified with this class by complexion, and knowsperimentally what it is to be under the ban of an pressive public sentiment. The first number an earnest and well-reasoned address of WILLIAMSWATKINS, delivered before the Legislative the Militia, Feb. 24, 1853, in behalf of sixty-five colored petitioners, praying for a charter to form an independent military company in Boston. It has also been printed in pamphlet form. HE ELF LEVATOR.  OSERTS     ILLIAMS ATKINS  

 A correspondent of the New York Evening Post,in Missouri, in giving a sketch of affairs in thatState, concludes his letter as follows:— Evening Post 'But while I speak thus of slaveholders in Missouri,the free State of Illinois has just passedone of the most atrocious, and, as I believe, unconstitutionallaws, which ever disgraced a statutebook. I enclose you a copy. It is a crimeagainst civilization, against liberty, against Christianity,against God. Without crime, without immorality,without pauperism, with every Christianvirtue, and with wealth, a man upon whom hasbeen forced one-fourth tincture of African blood,may be sold into slavery, if he steps over the sacredlimits of free suckerdom! There is not a gentlemanSouth of the Potomac, or West of the Mississippi,whose honorable feeling does not revolt atthe selling of a free-born colored man into slavery,without crime, and without his being otherwisea charge upon the State. We regard them as anunfortunate race, and for that very reason to beprotected, and not victimized. But the Stateacross the river has passed an act—notwithstandingthe ordinance of '87—for the institution ofslavery. It is not services that are sold. It isthe man himself that is sold, and if there is nocompetition at the sale, he is sold for life; and Illinoisis a slave State. I believe Indiana has a lawapproximating in sublimity to this. The Southwould soon amend her institutions, if let alone.Allow me to recommend a diversion to the Garrisonitesand Parkerites; to turn their attention tothose two free States above mentioned, and theirown more particular sisterhood, and let a truceprevail betwixt the South and them for a while.It will be productive of mutual benefit. 'I sincerely hope, Messrs. Editors, that yourown paper, and every other honorable organ ofpublic opinion, North and South, will notice thisnew slave State in such complimentary terms asthe law deserves; and especially its provision fora charity fund.' 

 ☞Our Norfolk County friends will are thatannual meeting of the County Anti-Slavery Societyto be held at Port Norfolk on the approaching Fast A good meeting may be anticipated, where shall be done to 'break every yoke,' and thus the Fast which God hath chooses.'—M. Our Norfolk County    

 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 17. OUSE OF EPRESENTATIVES Mr. STEARNS, of Mansfield, asked leave to introducethe following resolves, desiring their referenceto the Committee on the Madiai family:— TEARNS Whereas, the State of Illinois has passed a law,approved by the Governor, February 12, 1853, togo into immediate effect, which provides as follows:— 'Sec. 3. If any negro or mulatto, bond or free,shall come into the State and remain ten days, withthe evident intention of residing in the same, everysuch negro or mulatto shall be deemed guilty of ahigh misdemeanor, and for the first offence shallbe fined the sum of fifty dollars, to be recovered beforeany Justice of the Peace in the county wheresuch negro or mulatto may be found. Said proceedingsshall be in the name of the people of theState of Illinois, and shall be tried by a jury oftwelve men. The person making the informationor complaint shall not be a competent witness uponsaid trial. Sec. 4. If said negro or mulatto shall be foundguilty, and the fine assessed be not paid forthwithto the Justice of the Peace before whom said proceedingswere bad, it shall be the duty of said Justiceto commit said negro or mulatto to the custodyof the sheriff of said county, or otherwise keep him,her or them, in custody; and said Justice shallforthwith advertise said negro or mulatto, by postingup notices thereof in at least three of the mostpublic places in the district, which said noticesshall be posted up for ten days, and on the day,and at the time and place mentioned in said advertisement,the said Justice shall, at public auction,proceed to sell said negro or mulatto to anyperson or persons who will pay said fine and costfor the shortest time; and said purchaser shallhave the right to compel said negro or mulattoto work for and serve out said time, and he shallfurnish said negro or mulatto with comfortablefood, clothing and lodging, during said servitude. Sec. 5. If said negro or mulatto shall not, withinten days after the expiration of his, her or theirterm of service, as aforesaid, leave the State, be,she or they shall be liable to a second prosecution,in which the penalty to be inflicted shall be onehundred dollars; and so on for every subsequentoffence this penalty shall be increased fifty dollarsover and above the last penalty inflicted; and thesame proceedings shall be bad in each case as isprovided for in the preceding section for the firstoffence. 'Sec. 10. Every person who shall have one-fourthnegro blood, shall be deemed a mulatto.' Therefore, Resolved, That we consider this lawof the State of Illinois as in direct violation of thesocial compact which binds us together as States;that it is in direct violation of the Declarationof American Independence, which says that 'allmen an created equal; and have certain inalienablerights,—among them an life, liberty,and the pursuit of happiness;' that it is in violationof the preamble to the Constitution ofthe United States, which says it was 'formed topromote the general welfare, and to secure theblessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,'&c.; that it is contrary to the 4th article, 2dsection of said Constitution, which says, 'thecitizens of each State shall be entitled to allprivileges and immunities of citizens of the severalstates'; that that it is contrary to the 4th sectionof the same article in said Constitution, whichreads, 'the United States shall guarantee to everyState in this Union a republican form of government;'that this law is therefore anti-republicanand unconstitutional. Resolved. That the said law of Illinois is in directviolation of the plain dictates of humanity, aswell as in violation of the Constitution of theUnited States, and cannot but be looked upon withabhorrence by every Christian throughout theworld, and ought to be immediately repealed. Resolved, That the government of the State ofIllinois be requested to take measures, at theearliest opportunity, to ban the aforesaid law repealed;to this end, it is proposed that a copy ofthese resolutions be transmitted to the Governor ofsaid State of Illinois, without delay. On motion of Mr. BOOTH, of Boston, the resolveswere referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 

 ☞For a number of interesting communicationsour last page. This week we have tried to file, but it is still crowded.  

 The following timely and pertinent Resolutionswere introduced to the Massachusetts House ofRepresentatives, last week, and make a sung fit:— Mr. PRINCE of Essex, asked leave of the Houseto introduce the following resolves, with a view ofhaving thorn referred to the special committee onthe Madiai family:— RINCE Resolved, That while expressing the deepestsympathy for the Madiai family in their suffering,for conscience's sake, the tyrannous and cruel imprisonmentinflicted by the Grand Duke of Tuscany,we likewise give utterance to the most profoundsympathy and commiseration for those insome portions of our country, who are denied bythe laws of the States wherein they reside, notonly the privilege of reading the Bible, but theprivilege of reading any book whatsoever, andeven prohibited, under severe penalties, from learningto read and write.* * Resolved, That we are pained by the mortifyingconsideration, that the conduct of the Grand Dukeaforesaid, has in more than one instance been paralleledin the United States of America,—as in thecase of the flogging of Amos Dresser, a colporteur,(which took place in a public square in thecity of Nashville, Tenn.) for having in his possessioncertain religious publications which he wascharged with designing to circulate among a certainclass of the 'population of that vicinity,—and,also, in the case of Chauncey B. Blake, anagent of a Bible Society, who was arraigned beforeRecorder Baldwin, in the city of Now Orleans,for asking a few persons whom be met in the streetif they could read, and if they would accept thegift of a Bible or Testament. Resolved, That to convince His Grace the GrandDuke aforesaid that we are not personally invidiousnor influenced by national prejudice in offering ourprotest against his treatment of the Madiai family,we herewith assure him that we entertain anequal degree of abhorrence of the laws of some ofthe States of the American Union, which trammeland abridge the freedom of religious worship,and of which the following is a sample:—'It shallnot be lawful for any FREE negro or negroes,slave or slaves, to assemble or ATTEND any meetingfor RELIGIOUS PURPOSES, unless conductedby a white licensed or ordained preacher, or somerespectable white person or persons of the neighborhood,as may he duly authorized by such licensedor ordained preacher, during the continuanceof such meeting.'† any white † Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolutionsbe transmitted to each each of our Senatorsand Representatives in Congress, to the Governorsof the several States of Maryland, Virginia, SouthCarolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Tennessee, Mississippi,and Missouri, and also to the Grand Dukeof Tuscany. Mr. PRINCE, in support of his request, remarkedthat while we looked to the oppressions by theGrand Duke of Tuscany, and while religious tolerancewas claimed beyond our borders, we hadmuch to improve and remove among ourselves.By deprecating the whole system of religious intoleranceand oppression wherever it has existence,the public would believe that the Legislaturemeant something; but by reproving only one instance,others being so glaring, the people wouldconsider they meant nothing, RINCE Mr. NAYSON, of Amesbury, was in favor of grantingleave for the introduction of the resolves, andof all others, on whatever topics gentlemen mightbe pleased to select. The committee on the Madiairesolves hold a meeting on Tuesday morning inthe Senate chamber, and he hoped all who hadmatters to introduce would present them beforethat time, so that they might reach the committeebefore its last meeting. He would suggest, however,that if any one bad anything to offer relativeto the ostracism and injuries committed upon theMormons, or other wrongs whatever, that they nowbring in their resolves. AYSON Mr. THOMPSON, of Boston, hoped the gentlemanwould have leave to introduce the resolves, and thatall others who wished to introduce any matter thatinterested them would also have leave, and thatthey would severally be referred to committees.When the committees reported upon them, heshould hope then would then be a full discussion.If gentlemen then wished to discuss matters thatwere none of their business, and about which theydid not know, they could do so; but he regardedit beneath the dignity of a sovereign State to interferewith the municipal regulations of any Stateor nation. HOMPSON Mr. PRINCE responded, that the matter underconsideration was of our business, about which wedid fully know. IX gentlemen would examine hisresolves, they would find notes appended to them,referring to certain books now in the State Library,which could be seen by all; and all could beinformed upon this matter, at least, if they wished. RINCE Mr. THOMPSON reiterated the remark that it wasbeneath the dignity of this House to interfere withany polios regulations which any community mightestablish for its safety and protection. What wasit to us what laws the Grand Duke of Tuscanyor our sister States prescribed for their people?Supposing the Grand Duke of Tuscany should takeit into his head to arraign Massachusetts for notindemnifying the sufferers for the destruction of theUrsuline Convent, and should send his opinionhere; would not every man feel that it was an insultto us, and none of his business what we did, ordid not do? HOMPSON Mr. MORSE, of Lowell, defended the resolves relativeto the Madiai family, which he had introduced,and maintained that nation* had a right to inquireinto the conduct of other nations upon greatquestions, and quoted Lord John Russell's instructionsto Sir S.L. Bulwer and Hon. Edward Everett,on the same subject, in support of his position—theopinion of gentlemen as intelligent as any thatcould be named. ORSE Mr. WIGGIN, of Boston, rose to a point of order,that the gentleman was out of order both in discussingthe Madiai resolves, and in reading theopinions of any body else. IGGIN The SPEAKER said, that as a wide range hadbeen taken in the discussion, with the general consentthe House, and as it was the usual courtesyto allow a gentleman to read quotations, if hewished, in his argument, he mast rule the memberin order. PEAKER Mr. THOMPSON thought the opinion of Lord JohnRussell, or anybody else, on this floor, on any subject,was no more valuable than that of any member.The present occasion was not the most suitableto reply to the position taken; but when thecommittee reported, he thought the opinion ofLord John could be satisfactorily met. HOMPSON Mr. GREENS, of Amherst, called for the previousquestion. REENS Mr. PRINCE rose to a question of privilege, buton stating that it had reference to a wish to beheard a third time, in answer to an objection meanto the resolutions, the SPEAKER ruled that the wishwas not a cause for a question of privilege. RINCE PEAKER The question of granting leave to introduce theresolutions was then put, and declared carried:the vote being doubted, a count was had,—98yeas, 27 nays. On motion of Mr. PRINCE, the resolves Were thanreferred to the Committee on the Madiai matter, RINCE Mr. ROBINSON, of Lowell, moved that the resolvesbe printed. Negatived, 78 to 44. OBINSON, * See Cobb's New Digest of the Laws of Georgia,(published in the year 1851,) page 981, act entitled'Slaves, Patrols, and Free Pardons of Color,' Sec. 39.Also, see Laws of Missouri passed at the session of1846-7, page 106. (Mass. State Library.) * See Cobb's New Digest of the Laws of Georgia,(published in the year 1851,) page 981, act entitled'Slaves, Patrols, and Free Pardons of Color,' Sec. 39.Also, see Laws of Missouri passed at the session of1846-7, page 106. (Mass. State Library.) New Digest of the Laws of Georgia Free Laws of Missouri † Sea Judge Dorsey's compilation of the Leus ofMaryland, vol. it page 1071, chap. 828, sec. 7. (MassState Library.) † Sea Judge Dorsey's compilation of the Leus ofMaryland, vol. it page 1071, chap. 828, sec. 7. (MassState Library.) Leus ofMaryland 

 The seventeenth annual meeting of this Society washeld in Gardner, on Wednesday and Thursday, March23rd and 24th. The meeting was called to order by the Secretary,and ASA MERRIAM chosen President pro tem. ERRIAM Voted, to postpone the appointment of committeesand choice of officers until Thursday. PANIEL FOSTER then spoke an hour and a half. Hiswas, the duty which we, as Christians, owe to theHe spoke with great power and good effect, toan uncommonly large audience for an anti-slaverymeeting in this vicinity. ANIEL OSTER Rev. SUMNER LINCOLN briefly advocated and urgedfree discussion. UMNER INCOLN Adjourned till Thursday, 10 o'clock, A.M. Thursday Morning.—Met agreeably to adjournment,the President of the Society (J.T. EVEREST) in thechiar. Thursday Morning. VEREST Efficient Committees were appointed on Business,Examinations and Finance. DANIEL FOSTER, from the Business Committee, reported the following Resolutions:- ANIEL OSTER Resolved, That FRANKLIN PIERCE has taken a positionin his Inaugural Address, so inhuman and unchristian,as it respects the poor and proscribed of this land,that each true Democrat and every true Christian inour country are under solemn obligation to cut loosefrom his administration, and unsparingly to hold tothe reprobation of the world, the atheistic policy whichhe has pledged himself to pursue himself to pursue. RANKLIN IERCE Resolved. That the National Government has takena position as truly opposed to the Divine Government was that old council before which the apostles werearraigned, and commanded to preach no more in thename of the crucified Jesus. And as they disobeyedthat command, that they might obey God, so we are toremember the slave and help him to his freedom,wherever he may be reduced to bondage. Nor can theConstitution of the United States at all effect this obligation,since God imposes it in the relationship which us to humanity.   Resolved, That the practical Christians of a placenecessarily constitute the true church of that place,and they agree, not in doctrines, but in loving and to accomplish the great Christian work, namely,the deliverance of the oppressed, the establishment ofthe kingdom of Love throughout the world, and the accomplishmentof the divine will here, as in heaven.And whoever is not promoting reform with all his souland strength—whoever puts party, sect or creed abovethe anti-slavery cause—whoever consents to compromisewith the principle of human enslavement, forsome paltry selfish advancement, thus demonstratesthat he is yet in moral darkness; and that, judgingthem by their fruits at the polls, last November, we areled to the conclusion, that the great majority of the professed Christians of our country are in this deplorablecondition, and with all earnestness would we cry to them, 'Repent, for the kingdom of God is athand.   Resolved, That we look with indignation upon the which is now persecuting the poor colored peopleof this land; and we consider the recent legislation ofIllinois gives to that State the bad eminence of being,among the professedly free States, the most hostile tofreedom.  Resolved, That Mr. Smith, Mr. Randolph, Mrs. Eastmanand Mrs. Tyler show how vain the attempt to deslavery, while the interest with which 'UncleTom' and the 'White Slave' are read and circulated,shows how the heart of man thrills to the appeal of a-man who seeks the priceless been of freedom.   Resolved, That the 'Free Democracy' ought to helpus organise, and sustain agitation, as the only instrufor the overthrow of slavery.  Resolved, That abolitionists ought to remember thenecessity for a self-sacrificing spirit in the promotion ofthis holy cause. The resolutions were supported at this session of theConvention by T.W. Higginson and Daniel Foster.Adjourned till half-past 1 o'clock, P.M. Dragon Session.—The President in the chair.The Committee on Nominations reported the followinglist of officers for the year ensuing. The reportwas accepted, and they were duly chosen. Dragon Session. For President—Rev. SUMNER LINCOLN, Gardner. Vice-Presidents—J.T. Everett, Princeton; George, Butland; Joel Smith, Leominster; BenjaminSnow, Jr., Fitchburg; Noah Humphrey, Barre; AsaMerriam, Gardner. Vice-Presidents  Directors—George Miles, Westminster; Dr.C.C.Field, Leomister; Alvan Ward, Ashburnham; John, Gardner; Mrs.C.S. Brown, Hubbardston; Asa Waite, do.   Secretary and Treasurer—A. Allen Bent, Gardner.Auditor—Benjamin H.Rugg, Gardner. Secretary and Treasurer Mr. LINCOLN, on taking the chair, made some verypertinent remarks. INCOLN Mr. HIGGINSON followed, in a speech so beautiful instyle, and so profuse in thought, that our pen would utterlyfail to do it justice, should we attempt to give an sketch. IGGINSON  DANIEL FOSTER followed, in his usual interesting andearnest manner, in a speech on the character of slavery. ANIEL OSTER The following resolution was presented and supportedby Mrs. C.S.BROWN, of Hubbardston:— Resolved, That the Anti-Slavery question is the testquestion of the age, in its application to the ecclesiasticaland political organization of our land; as also a principle to the character of individuals.  J.T. EVERETT introduced and sustained the following VERETT Resolved, That the American Colonization Society, byits principal founders, was designed to perpetuate, and to overthrow, the system of American slavery; andtherefore he who contributes to its funds aids the Americanslave system and helps to perpetuate,—thoughperhaps unwittingly,—all the tears and groans and untoldsufferings of the three millions and a half of Americanslaves.  Adjourned til 7 o'clock. Closing Session,—Called to order by ASA MERRIAM,one of the Vice-Presidents. this session was addressed by Mrs BROWN, and Messrs. EVERETT, LINCOLN, and. Closing Session ERRIAM ROWN VERETT INCOLN  Gladly would we do our best to give an outline of some of the noble speeches made at this Convention;but the present crowded state of the columns LIBERATOR forbids. It is due, however, to say,that Mr.FOSTER and Mr. HIGGINSON gave great satisfactionto the Society, on this occasion. Good seed hasbeen sown here, and we doubt not that it will springup and grow, and bring forth fruit, notwithstanding the of priestcraft and weeds of political prejudice whichmay be sown thickly in the same field.   IBERATOR OSTER IGGINSON  The resolutions before the Convention were adopted,and the meeting adjourned to meet at such time and as the President and Secretary may appoint.  SUMNER LINCOLN, President. President. A.A. BENT, Secretary. Secretary. 

 The Washington correspondent of the AshtabulaSentinel (Hon. J.R. Giddings) writing from thecapital on the 4th instant, tells the following additionalinstance of the domination of the SlavePower:— Sentinel 'I think it was on Friday last, that an effort wasmade to suspend the rules of the House, in orderto take up the private claim of Benjamin Hazard,Wigg, of South Carolina, whose grand-father, in1780, lost ninety-six slaves. This claim, from itsextraordinary character is destined to figure some,what in the political history of our times, and individualswho came forward to distinguish themselvesby sustaining it, are justly entitled to all thehonor or the disgrace attending such an act. ButI cannot now go into a description of it. The motionfailed, however, at that time. * * * On Wednesday, every member felt the danger oflosing the appropriation bills, for want of time topass them. The Intelligencer came out with a longarticle, purporting to be written by a lady, in favorof the Wigg claim before alluded to, and the oldermembers foresaw that that bill was to pass. Inthe course of the day, the motion was made tosuspend the rules of the House, and all other business,both private and public, in order to take upthis claim. A herald passed around among themembers, informing them that the motion wasabout to be made. This was to give the doughfacesas opportunity to varnose before the questionwas put; and you will see, by looking at the yeasand nays, that they took the alarm. The yeas andnays on suspending the rules and all other businesswere called, and the names of men were recordedfor the motion, who, in coming time, will regretthe stain they have thus brought upon theirown characters by such disgraceful servility.But the bill passed, and your readers are constrainedto pay for slaves who left their masters in SouthCarolina seventy years since, while thousands ofmen lost their pay in furnishing the army with supplies,and taking their pay in Continental funds.The nation repudiates its just debts, but pays forslaves.' varnose 

 From a letter dated WEST BROOKFIELD, March 4,1853.] EST ROOKFIELD I am expressed a desire to know what impressionMiss HOLLEY has made in this region. As far as WestBrookfield is concerned, I can give you no very favorableaccount, because every thing was done that couldbe done, in the first place, to prevent the people's knowingthere was to be a lecture, and in the second place,to keep them from going to hear it. A majority of thetrustees of the church vestry refused to grant the useof it for the meeting. One of them—a Deacon of thechurch, and a very prominent and influential man inthat body—said that he did not wish to give countenanceto immorality, and that the anti-slavery movementhad a very immoral tendency. The Orthodoxclergyman not only refused to read a notice of the meeting,but treated it with open contempt, and declared hisdetermination to do nothing nor give his countenanceto any thing which should hinder the building up of thesectarian organization in this place, of which he is pastor.0020A notice which was posted on the outside of thechurch was torn down and destroyed by the sexton,and he, it should be remembered, is a member of thechurch in good and regular standing — a recent convert;and so zealous it he for the promotion of thecause of religion, that he was heard to say, at the timeof taking down the notice spoken of, that he wouldnever open that house for an anti-slavery meetingagain, even if he sacrificed his year's salary by sodoing. OLLEY favorable hear anti-slavery immoral 'The Methodist Society granted the use of their hallfor the meeting on a week day, by receiving one dollarfor Its use. This minister read a notice of the lecture;yet, when asked to allow Miss HOLLEY to occupy a partof the time on 8unday evening, and deliver her lecturein connection with their prayer-meeting, after he haddeclined to defer his meeting, he refused to give her anyopportunity to speak; and when she did bold a meeting,on a week day evening, he did not come to hearher, but appointed a close meeting on the same eveningand at the same hoar, for the apparent purpose ofpreventing those from corning who otherwise wouldhave been glad to have heard; and I am informed thathe has cautioned his hearers against reading UncleTom's Cabin, lest they become contaminated with evil.Under such circumstances, the notice was very limited,and consequently a very thin meeting. OLLEY UncleTom's Cabin 'Miss HOLLEY was well received in North Brookfield,Brookfield, and Warren. The attendance in all of theseplaces was very fair, and the people seemed deeply interested.In Warren, the interest manifested was sogreat, that, at the close of her first lecture, the peoplepresent invited her to speak to them the following evening,with which invitation she complied, and, thougha stormy evening, had a very respectable audience.Her manner is very earnest and impressive, and her appealsto the people are so touching that few can listento her without being moved. Her lectures in this regionwere all very intelligent and instructive, and weredelivered with such impressiveness of manner, that Ithink they will be productive of much good. We regretexceedingly that she could not have had a betterchance to be heard in this place, and were it not for theinfluence of the religious teachers, the people would heglad to hear; but they dare not disobey their leaders.' OLLEY 

 Travellers who describe the Pantheon at Athens,cannot find words to express their admiration atthe magic effect of those rows of apparently so simplepillars, supporting their simple roof. The exquisiteproportions of the outline, the aestheticgrace, which has no where allowed a deviationfrom the strict line of beauty, from the graduallydiminishing shafts to the tasteful architrave, andthe elegant sculpture of the triglyph, produce soharmonious and overpowering an effect, that nothought is left for individual criticism, but the eyehastens continually from one new beauty toanother. Wendell Phillips, as an orator, is the modernrevolutionary spirit in a classic form, and it is hewho, together with Theodore Parker, gives shapeto every new development of the anti-slavery movement,and thus imprint upon their speeches thestamp of that vast movement which is irresistiblyhurrying all along. The theme which be chose onThursday evening was the justification of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society from the attacks ofits enemies and pretended friends. The twenty-yearsstruggle of the New England abolitionists,carried on tor the human rights of three and a halfmillions of their fellow-men against the terribleoppression of a thousand million of dollars in thehands of a hundred thousand experienced oppressors,appears in the eloquent images of the NewEngland orator, already illuminated by the loftyradiance of the Future, which will forever honor themartyr-spirit of the abolitionists, the steady pioneersof the greatest cause in the United States. In the meetings of the abolitionists, and especiallywhere the varied tones of Phillips's eloquenceare holding the great assembly in breathlessattention, we feel the deep truth of the saying,that' What goes to the heart most come from theheart.' Already, many of the first intellects andnoblest characters in the United States are to benumbered among the converts to abolitionism, asJ.P. Hale, Charles Sumner, and. before all others,Joshua Giddings, and now Harriet Beecher Stowe,in the second generation, bring! her unsurpassedoffering to the cause, after her famous father hadrefused, twenty-two years before, to put the ironof abolitionism into his fire, because he had alreadytoo many there. Wendell Phillips ranks among the first oratorsof the United States. In logic, sarcasm and truepathos, we have never seen his equal. The Futuremust be when such men stand! 

 LEOMINSTER March 22, 1853. EOMINSTER DEAR MR. GARRISON: Knowing it is always gratifyingto you to hear of any advance steps in the anti-slaveryenterprise, I take pleasure in giving you an accountof the labors of Miss HOLLEY in this place. Shecame to lecture to us March 6th, but illness preventingher from doing so, another appointment was given outfor March 11th. When the hour arrived, about twohundred people had assembled; when Miss HOLLEY, afterreading a portion of Scripture and offering a ferventprayer, proceeded to speak for more than an hour, in herpeculiarly impressive and enthusiastic manner. I thinkI hazard nothing when I say, that her lecture was universallyapproved and admired by all who heard it.But the severity of the storm prevented very many fromhearing her, who sincerely wished to, and so earnestwas the desire of many who heard her that evening tohear again, that it was thought best to make anotherappointment, which Miss Holley kindly consented to.Sunday evening, March 20, was the time fixed upon.At the appointed time, an audience of nearly six hundredwas convened. Miss Holley commenced by readinga portion of Scripture, and invited any one to offervocal prayer who might feel it m privilege. As no oneresponded, she proceeded to address the audience in theroost effective and 'thrilling manner, powerfully contrastingChristianity and slavery, and by her earnestand affecting appeals, carrying conviction to every sympathizingheart, that her deep utterances were indeedfrom the heart. So earnest and captivating was the mannerof the speaker, that her audience were gradually ledon, till unawares they found themselves willing listeners,and warm admirers of language so strong, and denunciationso severe, that, had it come from the lips ofthat truly noble and faithful servant of God, ParkerPillsbury, it would have been deemed unworthy ofChristian toleration. All whom I meet express themselvesperfectly delighted with Miss Holley, and saythey never felt so aroused in the cause before. I humblyhope this new seal will not prove as did that of manywho read 'Uncle Tom,' and declared themselves willingto live and labor, and almost to die, for the slave.Some were willing 'to work their very fingers off' forthe slave, while reading 'Uncle Tom', but their fervorsoon cooled. Seemingly, their hearts are more coldthan before. EAR R. ARRISON OLLEY OLLEY I trust this new interest will not only continue, butwill increase, and manifest itself by decisive action andwarm advocacy of the principles of eternal truth andjustice. At the close of the lecture, Miss Holley presented theclaims of THE LIBERATOR in a most truthful, persuasiveand convincing manner, naming its editor, terms, &c.A collection of seven dollars was taken, also a collectionof six dollars on Friday, which, after paying expensesof the hall for the two evenings, and warming it thefirst, six dollars were left for Miss Holley's services andtravelling expenses. Much effort was made to avoid thisunreasonable expense for a hones. More than a weekprevious to the lecture, application was made for theUnitarian House, to be opened at five o'clock. It beingalready warmed, we should avoid the expense of heatingthe Town Hall. The committee on the house being allprotested anti-slavery men, (Free Soil, of course,) andthe fact of Mite Holley having been one of the earliestadvocates and earnest supporters of Unitarianism inWestern New York, and having been often invited topreach in Unitarian pulpits, being made known to them,the abolitionists felt confident of the use of the house.After a week's deliberation, the committee came to theconclusion that we could have vestry. This we didnot apply for, did not wish for, the objection to it being,that it is a low, unpleasant, and ill=ventilatedroom. HE IBERATOR Not a few abolitionists and some church memberswere highly indignant at this manifestation of servilityand illiberally. It is a libel on the pure principlesof Unitarianism, and unworthy a Christian community.In justice to Mr. Smith, the pastor, it mustbe said, he cordially expressed the hope that the housewould be opened. I think the only excuse given forthis cold denial is, that the parish do not wish to opentheir house (it being very nice) to any Beatings excepttheir own. And they are called liberal Christians!From such liberality, O God! deliver thy poor, perishingchildren! Much credit is due Mr. Brigham (Trinitarian) forkindly consenting to open his church, provided thecommittee consented to it One only being in town, hefully and independently gave his consent; but as it wasnow Saturday evening, we could not confer with theother two. The result was, we occupied the Town Rail,and paid out money for the use of it, which in justiceshould have been given to the cause. One Allow me to add, that the Methodist house has beenfreely proffered to Miss Holley whenever she may chooseto occupy it. I leave you to judge who is liberal. liberal. It is not pleasant to me to record these unchristiannets, but fidelity to ay brother Ban, both bond andfrees, demands that the false friends of poor, bleedinghumanity, be exposed. Begging pardon for troubling you with so long a letter,I subscribe myself, Very truly yours, F.H.D. 

 MR. PARKER'S LECTURE. Rev. Theodore Parker,of Boston, lectured before the Female Anti-SlaverySociety, at the City Hall, on Friday evening.The building was crowded with a large and intelligentaudience, who gave the closest attentionto a lecture of over an hour and a half in length.At its conclusion, many expressed the wish that ithad been far-longer. R. ARKER'S ECTURE. Mr. Parker's subject was 'slavery and its relationto the institutions of the country.' AlthoughMr. Parker has been charged with being afanatic, an ultraist, and infidel, and we know nothow much more, we must confess to a heartysympathy with the doctrines be taught in his lecture.They were the soundest democracy—suchas Jefferson and the noblest minds of the revolutionwould have approved. If Mr. Parker is afanatic, we wish that kind of fanaticism prevaileda little more extensively. The lecture was one of the beat treatises onthe genius and great idea of our republican institutions,we have ever heard or read. Its positionswere-founded in truth, and nobly assumed and maintained.Its reasonings were plain and logical,and its facts bearing upon the subject most carefullycollated and arranged. Such lectures will do good, and we hope to havemore of them. They an appeals to men's bestjudgments, which cannot but be answered by acorresponding beauty in their daily lives. Next week, Mr. Parker Pillsbury is announcedto speak before the Society.—New Bedford Standard. New Bedford Standard. 

 ☞We are requested to state that Miss SALLIS HOLLEYwill speak on the subject of American Slavery, inthe First Congregational Church in NORTH BRINGEWATEN,on Monday evening, April 4. ALLIS OLLEY ORTH RINGEWATEN 

 My connection with The Freeman ceases withthe present issue. The reasons which have impelledme to terminate thus suddenly a relation inevery respect so agreeable to myself, a relation inI had fondly hoped would be permanent, aregiven in the 'Statement or the Executive Committee,'which will be found below; so that little remainsfor me, except to take a fraternal leave ofmy Pennsylvania friends, and to prepare myselfas I best may for the duties of another but not lessresponsible position. The Freeman I must bear witness, that during a somewhatvaried and extensive, anti-slavery, experience, Ihave nowhere found warmer, truer, or more generousfriends, than those who have cheered my laborsat the post I am now about to vacate; and itis a source of heartfelt gratification to be able tosay, that my departure is impelled by no alienationof feeling and no disagreement of opinionsbetween myself and my co-laborers, nor by any lackof desire on their part to retain my services, but solelyby the conviction that, however much I maybe needed here, I am more needed at another place. more It has been my fortune, at one time or another,to be connected editorially with all the papers inour country that are devoted to the advocacy ofthe anti-slavery cause, as represented by the.American Anti-Slavery Society. On various occasions,during the absence of Mr. Garrison inGreat Britain or elsewhere, I have occupied(though far enough from filling) the editorialchair of The Liberator. In 1840—41, I was theresident editor of The National Anti-Slavery. Standard,(the late N.P. Rogers having been little morethan the nominal editor.) Subsequently, I wasfor two years the editor of The Anti-Slavery Bugle,at Salem, Ohio. And now I close a connection ofabout a year and a half with The PennsylvaniaFreeman, to become 're annexed 'to The Standard.Having thus occupied the four 'cardinal points' ofanti-slavery observation, (to say nothing of otherremovals from place to place at various times,)my friends might well be pardoned if they shouldregard me as a 'wandering star,' and begin tothink it time that I had found my appropriateniche, and learned 'to be therewith content.'And really, this latter suggestion would seem, onthe whole, to be entitled to my gravest consideration;and, as my anti-slavery associates appear tobe all united in the belief that New York is justthe place for me, I am induced to hope they willnot call me away for some time to come—certainlynot until my more distant friends shallhave had a fair opportunity to learn my whereabouts. The Liberator. The National Anti-Slavery. Standard The Anti-Slavery Bugle The PennsylvaniaFreeman The Standard. would justthe place for me But I do not reproach myself with fickleness ordiscontent in view of these frequent removals. Itis not for the soldier in a moral any more than ina physical conflict arbitrarily to choose the post atwhich he will serve; still less may he refuse to removefrom one point to another as the exigenciesof the battle may require. True, the soldier onthe moral battle-field is not subject to the ironsway of a dictator, nor obliged to leave an oldposition for a new one, except for reasons that convincehis own judgment; but he is sacredlybound to hold the interests of the cause he professesto serve paramount, under all circumstances,to merely personal considerations. If, in my endeavorsto cherish this spirit of self-abnegation, Ihave been frequently required to change my residence,and to deprive myself of the convenience andcomforts of a settled home, I do not see that thefact requires any apology. Instead of regardingit as a calamity, let me rather rejoice that I havehad the privilege, in various places and under circumstanceswell adapted to facilitate the study ofhuman nature, of rendering some service, howeverhumble, to those whose only borne is the gloomyBastile of American Slavery! During my connection with The Freeman, I havesuffered not a little from ill health, and consequentlyhave been unable to do for it much of thatwhich my mind had planned and my heart desiredto accomplish. But I have done what I could,and this its readers have more than appreciated.A few weeks in the country, under the genial influenceof the opening spring, with rest frommental toil and plenty of exercise in the open air,will, I hope, recruit my overtaxed energies, andprepare me to approach the duties of my new position(about the middle of May) with renewedcourage and vigor. The Freeman There is little need that I should add anythingto what the Executive Committee have so wellsaid of my successor. His talents and his fidelityare acknowledged by all who know him, whilehis experience as an editor and his love of anti-slaveryprinciples qualify him to make The Freemaneminently serviceable to the cause. I trust,therefore, that the abolitionists of Pennsylvania,New Jersey and Delaware will rally with newseal to its support, and that they will encourageboth the editor and the Executive Committee bytheir constant and hearty cooperation. The Freeman Our anti-slavery presses, both local and national,are all needed and must be sustained. Thereis no occasion for any but the most friendly rivalrybetween them. The interest of one is the interestof all. A vigorous support of the local paperswill help The Standard, while the wide circulationof the latter cannot fail to open new channelsof influence to the former. I trust, therefore,that the readers of The Freeman will not attributeit to personal feeling or interest on my part, if Iexpress the earnest hope that they will lend ahelping hand in the effort to enlarge the usefulnessof the National Society, and to increase thecirculation of its organ. While this will be thespecial object of my labors in the new field towhich I have been invited, I shall still cherish aheartfelt interest in the State Societies, and doall in my power to give new vigor to their movements. The Standard The Freeman To my brethren of the editorial profession,whose friendly courtesies I have had so many occasionsto acknowledge, I scarcely need offer aparting word, since I hope, through another channel,speedily to renew my intercourse with them.There is not one among them all, toward whom Icherish an unfriendly feeling; and if, in the heatof discussion, I have ever treated any of them withinjustice or discourtesy, I can only ask them toforgive as they expect to be forgiven. And now, dear readers and friends! thanking youfor the many tokens of friendly regard which Ihave received at your hands, and which I can neverforget, and hoping that you may 'endure to theend,' I bid you an affectionate, a regretful, but atthe same time a hopeful farewell! OLIVER JOHNSON. ☞The Executive Committee of the PennsylvaniaAnti-Slavery Society, in noticing the resignation of Mr.JOHNSON, remark— OHNSON A careful consideration of these reasons, and adeep conviction of their importance, overcomesthe strong reluctance which we feel at partingwith a valued friend and coadjutor, whose laborsas an editor, and whose counsels and assistance asa member of our Executive Committee, have beenhighly esteemed by our friends and constituents,and have undoubtedly promoted the anti-slaveryenterprise in Pennsylvania. We believe, however,that fidelity to our cause leaves us no alternativebut acquiescence; and as the promotion of the interestsof the American A.S. Society is the promotionof our cause at large, we doubt not thatPennsylvania will reap her full share of the advantagesto be derived from this new arrangement,and be amply compensated for any present regretshe may feel in its adoption. We are happy in being able to announce as Mr.Johnson's successor, one whose fidelity to ourcause has been lone tried and fully proved, and towhose industry and ability as editor, the readersof The Freeman will gladly testify; Cyrus M.Burleigh. His long personal experience in theanti-slavery enterprise, his intimate acquaintancewith its history from the commencement, and hisknowledge of the peculiar wants of Pennsylvania,inspire the committee with confidence that he willfill the editorial chair with satisfaction to thereaders of The Freeman. The Freeman The Freeman. They also unanimously Resolved, That the resignation of Oliver Johnson,of his office as editor of The PennsylvaniaFreeman, and of his place as a member of thiscommittee, be and hereby is accepted. The PennsylvaniaFreeman Resolved, That in parting with our friend andfellow-laborer, we heartily reciprocate the assuranceof personal regard and regret at parting, containedin his letter; that we have a high appreciationof the ability with which he has performedhis part, and of the services which he has renderedto the cause while he has bees with us; andthat we are reconciled to part with him only bythe conviction that he is peculiarly qualified forthe more important position to which he has beeninvited, and the belief that in his new position bewill be able to exercise a wider and more beneficentinfluence upon the cause. 

 MOSES GRANT, Esq.: OSES RANT SIR,—The great interest yen have shown is ay anti-tobaccolabors, particularly in schools, justifies me inaddressing to you a few words in this public form.Owing to the general use of tobacco, and the servilebondage it inflicts, there is much unbelief concerningthe practicability of reform. There are excellent menwho despair of any thing being done, and express theopinion, that in process of time both Church and Stateare destined to sink under the power of this popularpoison. Now, whatever fears may exist concerningthose long victimized by this narcotic, there muchthat is hopeful among the young. Having given muchattention to this portion of the community, having addressedmany schools and many thousand scholars, Iassert with confidence, that while no reform is moreimportant, none is more promising among the youth.There is salvation in this quarter. I know whereof Iaffirm. IR no reform is moreimportant Schools are every where accessible. Schools are every where accessible. 1. Parents, whether devotees of the weed or not, evento an individual, wish their sons to stand clear of it,and rejoice to have any thing done which tends to savethem from a habit so demoralizing and despotic. 2. Teachers are generally right touching this matter.There has been a pleasing reform among this admirableclass of men. In visiting schools far and near, Ihave met with but two teachers who did not give me acordial reception. The many seem glad to have scholarsaddressed upon a theme so vital to cleanliness,order, temper, and good scholarship. Gentlemen, also,who compose School Committees, are usually moved bysimilar sentiments. 3. Scholars themselves are gratified by this movement.It strikes them as new and highly important,and they love the kind mice of any man who steps in todo them good, and to warn them against a habit whichtends to manufacture slovens and slaves. This mode of action strikes every one as eminentlypractical. It nips the evil in the bud; H forestallsmischief, and is a prevention, rather than a cure. Thehabit is a boyish habit, formed in boyhood, and if notformed then, it is commonly never formed; and, havingpassed this crisis, man stands erect and unfetteredby the chains of this tyrant. In view of the vast cost,the waste of time, health and life—in a word, the manyalarming affinities involved in the use of tobacco—howimportant is this movement among the rising and expandingthousands around us! alarming affinities Now, my dear Sir, how shall a reform of this kind besustained? The State makes no provision, passes nolaws, in behalf of such measures in her schools. Wehave no organized body of men, no societies, no authorizedagencies to this intent. We have no public conscience,no public sensibility as to the evil in question;the little that is being done, is done by individual ability,which will soon be exhausted, unless nourishedwith aid from some source. The death of AMOS LAWRENCE,Esq., has been much lamented. Many choicerills of benevolence were stayed by that sad occurrence;but, in my opinion, no object and no cause suffered soseverely by the event as the one I humbly plead. Hismind began to grapple with the evil tobaccowas inflicting on individuals and the body politic. Hisheart not only began to grow warm towards the 'dearboys' in his favorite school, but towards the boys allover the Commonwealth. In an interview a little previousto his death, he said, 'My heart is much in thismatter. I like the little book [viz., Uncle Toby onTobacco.] I have sent copies to England; I have senta copy to the President elect, for his little son; I havegiven three hundred to the Mather School; I shallprint another edition. I know not how for I may go,but I shall not stop until every boy in the State of anysize has a copy. Each must be an anti-tobacco agent.'And such was his seal and ability, that I doubt not, hadthe good man remained among us, this benevolent processhad now been going on, and his benevolent intentionssoon completed. MOS AWRENCE Uncle Toby onTobacco. Now, it is true, my dear 8tr, that there are othermen 'like-minded,' precious men; but they have notMr. LAWRENCE'S deep and large purse; and one of therarest objects that ever gladdens my eyes, is a man towhom God has given two things—money, and a heartto do real good with his money. The work to he done,like the evil it contemplates, is one of great magnitude.Schools of every grade should be addressed and pledged;free lectures should be given to youths and adults.Books and tracts should be liberally distributed; and Iam of opinion that the time has come when the energiesof good men should be organized against an evilthat is coming in like a flood, that we perish not. AWRENCE'S organized I address you. Sir, because I am no stranger to yourkind emotions and benevolent acts; because you werein full sympathy in this cause with Mr. LAWRENCE,your valued compeer. He is gone, and upon whoseshoulders his mantle has fallen, I know not; but I prayGod that a life signally marked with benevolent actionson your part, much felt already, may not close, till itbe more widely felt in rescuing fellow-men from thisdestructive poison. AWRENCE Yours, with sentiments of much esteem, FITCHBURG, March 11, 1858. ITCHBURG GEO. TRASK. 

 Mr. BUTLER,' (Dem.) of S. C, said if this was amere gladiatorial contest, he might feel indifferentto the debate; but topics bad been discussed, andsentiments avowed, from which he totally dissented.He did not propose now to go into the discussion,but thought it unfortunate that the resolutionof the Senator from Delaware was introduced.It had given rise to an unpropitious discussionon our foreign affairs, which should not be indulgedin open Senate. He dissented from theSenator from Illinois, that it was the duty of thePresident or Secretary of State to have sent.Senate the Hise treaty, with a view of being amendedto serve, the ends contemplated by it. UTLER Mr. DOUGLAS explained. He had said the Hisetreaty, having come to the Department of Statewithout the authority to negotiate it, the Departmentwas at liberty to withhold it or send it to theSenate for amendment, and that if the Secretaryof State at that time, (Mr. Clayton,) had been infavor of the exclusive privilege for making a canal,he might have sent it here. OUGLAS Mr. BUTLER resumed—There were in that treatyprovisions repugnant to the Constitution, and therefore,the President was restrained by his oath fromsending it to the Senate for the ratification of hisadvisers. The President ought to perfect a treatybefore he sends it here. It should be an entirety.To ask the Senate to mould a treaty wouldchange the whole policy of this government. Nationsmost meet with the penalties of transgressions aswell as individuals, and if treaties are to be disregardedby a spirit of aggressive progress, and thedoctrine 'might makes right' established, we willgrow fast, but not live long. Are we to fulfilldestiny without law and restraint? We most relyon treaties which ought not to be disregarded, exceptfor causes which justify war. When we despiseEngland, we despise the tree on the fruit ofwhich we have fed—we must despise Hampden,Sidney, Chatham, Shakspeare and Burke. 'Therewas no country on God Almighty's earth he lovedso much as his own; but he loved England, becauseshe was his mother, and was proud of thetributary streams which she had poured out onAmerica. The very common law itself made us.We have English laws and literature; and was heto be told we must despise England? He did notwish to court any occasion to become hostile to her.This debate was calculated to sow the seeds of bitterness. UTLER Mr. DOUGLAS wished to say to the Senator, thatthe Mexican treaty was not an entirety when thePresident sent it to the Senate. He regarded it ascontaining obnoxious provisions; yet it was modified,and ratified, and became the law of the land. OUGLAS Mr. BUTLER—I think it was sent here as an entirety,the President saying that Mr. Trist had noauthority to negotiate it. UTLER Mr. DOUGLAS further explained his views, andrepeated, we should never make a treaty unless wecan faithfully execute it. He did not argue in favorof violating any treaty. The Senator says weought to love England, because she is our mother.Now, it is hard to tell who our mother was. Wehave a great many mothers—we have here English,Irish, Scotch, French, Norman. Spanish—every kindof descent; all we have found valuable in Englandwe have adopted, and that which was injurious wehave rejected. I did not speak in terms of unkindnessof England, but, in speaking of monuments, thepoint I made was this: that we should not shutour eyes to the fact, that the policy England is pursuinghas its origin in hostility towards us, andis not to enhance our interests. While the Senatorspoke of England pouring in her streams of refreshingintelligence, I thought that the stream ofabolition, treason and insurrection, which she hadpoured into South Carolina and other slaveholdingStates of this Union, would at least excuse himfrom endorsing those streams of literature underthe name of' Uncle Tom's Cabin' and other works,[tremendous applause in the gallery, and cries of'Good, good! ']—works libeling us and our institutions,and holding us up to the hate and prejudiceof the world. While engaged in this, he was thelast to compliment her for her refreshing streams ofliterature. [Renewed applause.] OUGLAS The Chair suppressed the disorder, and orderedthe galleries to be cleared. Mr. ADAMS—I hope they will be cleared. DAMS Mr. DOUGLAS—I hope they will. OUGLAS Mr. BUTLER—When I spoke of gratitude, I spokeof those things in which we have a common interest.I do not thank the Senator for going out ofhis way, and indicating impure streams. I spokeof the streams which authors and orators havepoured out upon us, which I hope have been refreshingto him, and the intelligence of the age.I did not expect a miserable allusion to 'UncleTom's Cabin.' It was ad captandum, and not manlymade. UTLER ad captandum Mr. DOUGLAS—I spoke in terms of reverence andrespect of the monuments of statesmen in England,of patriotism, legal learning, science and literature—ofall that was great, noble and admirable.I did not expect statesmen to go back two or threecenturies to justify the aggressions of the presentage. And when I heard the plaudits relative tothe past, I thought I had a right to allude to thepresent enormities of England. OUGLAS Mr. BUTLER—I should like to know how Englandis responsible for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin.' If theSenator takes the sickly sentimentality of the dayas an exponent of the English heart and literature,very well. I alluded to our commercial relationswith England, and our connection as a civilizednation; and would the Senator postpone her? UTLER Mr. DOUGLAS—I would not postpone her, or giveher a greater preference than other nations, buttreat her as duty requires. OUGLAS Mr. BUTLER—We can find sickly sentimentalityevery where, such as the Maine Liquor Law, andall that.[Laughter.] UTLER Mr. CLAYTON replied to Mr. Douglas, and repeatedthe arguments heretofore advanced by himin justification of his course in negotiating theBulwer and Clayton treaty. He contended he hadproved from the testimony of the most distinguishedstatesmen who had ever lived, that the exclusiveprivilege of making the ship canal was not to bedesired, and that the true principle is to negotiatefor all nations to pass that great highway onthe same terms. The Senator boasts that we are agreat, a giant republic, and the Senator himself issaid to be a little giant—(laughter)—and every,thing which he talks about is gigantic. (Renewedlaughter.) He (Mr. Clayton) concurred in the remarksof Secretary Everett relative to Cuba, andin the course of President Fillmore respecting thatisland. He knew how easy it was to excite prejudiceagainst England, and as a reply to the Senator'sobservations on that head, caused to be reada portion of Washington's Farewell Address, witha view of refreshing the Senate. LAYTON 

 WINFIELD, N.Y. Feb.7th, 1853. INFIELD MR. EDITOR: R. DITOR I send you the first number of the 'Journal of Man',for 1853, hoping that, after giving it a perusal, youwill feel inclined to notice it favorably in your paper. Journal of Man The editor, (Dr. BUCHANAN,) as you will see by referringto the accompanying 'Opinions of the press',is considered one of the most able philosophers and scientificdiscoverers that our country affords. He discoveredthe 'impressibility of the brain,' and establishedthe system of 'Psychometrical reading,' that is beginningto attract so much attention among certain classes;and as you will see by the Journal, he has also developeda new system of Phrenology, or rather, what he terms'Neurology,' which is far more minute and correctthan the old system in its practical application. Thatold Phrenological practitioners are often able to describecharacter, I do not deny; but, instead of doing it fromtheir imperfect system it is done Psychometrically. UCHANAN Journal I am aware that the 'American, Phrenological Journal'has done, and perhaps is now doing, a vast dealof good; but for scientific men of high standing to passby valuable scientific improvements in their own departmentsof science, unnoticed, and still continue toteach their old errors, in the eyes of truth and light, isa fact which sorrowfully reveals the reality of hypocriticalpretences to reformation. 'American, Phrenological Journal' And may we not hope that THE LIBERATOR (which,of course, implies an instrument for the liberation ofmind from the fetters of ignorance) will forward thecause of scientific development, by giving this work aliberal notice? IBERATOR Yours, respectfully, J.J. WHEELER. 

 WENDELL PHILLIPS AND DR. BENCHER.—Our readers,of course, will not pass over the correspondence on ourfirst page, between Mrs. Stowe and Mr. Phillips. Mrs.Stowe's epistle contracts quite favorably with Mr.Mann's which we published last week. But Mrs.Stowe's earnest defence of her father cannot, and shouldnot protect his course from rebuke and condemnation.The positions of Mr. Phillips are abundantly sustainedby the facts. Dr. Beecher's moral firmness was inadequateto the emergency which met him at the LaneSeminary. He faltered and fell, and his enterprise fellwith him. His impulses were doubtless for freedom.with his benevolence, it could not have been otherwise.But whatever he might have done in the church, and asit were clandestinely, he never identified himself withthe slave, or with his unpopular and persecuted friends;and from the hour that he declined the honorable postof leader of the hosts of freedom. (for such he mighthave been,) his influence comparatively perished, andhis name and fame were reckoned only from the past.Dr. Beecher refusing to side with freedom, his history,and the retribution which overtook him, is the right ofthe slave and the right of the world. It should be heldup as a beacon to all who are tempted to prefer successto principle, and expediency to justice. and if men areto be honored for such things, in our esteem, Mr. Phillipshas won far higher honors by his fidelity and firmnesswith Horace Mann and Dr. Beecher, than he everhas, or can win by the choicest power of his surpassingeloquence.—Anti-Slavery Bugle. ENDELL HILLIPS AND R. ENCHER. past. Anti-Slavery Bugle. 

 LECTURE BY JOHN C. CLUES. The cause of temperanceamong the colored citizens of Boston has recentlyreceived an impetus through the efforts of several youngmen, which have been nobly secluded by our goodfriends JOHN C. CLUER. His lecture on Tuesday evening,at Zion Church, in West Centre street, was instructive,convincing and eloquent. His rare powersof wit and argument happily blended in producing anunusual degree of interest. Quite a number of menand women signed the total-abstinence pledge, and hispromise to attend prospective meeting was greeted withevident satisfaction. ECTURE BY OHN LUES. OHN LUER. W.C.N. BOSTON, March, 1858. OSTON 

 ☞Wendell Phillips, Esq., delivered a lectureon 'The Philosophy of Reform,' at the Athenaeum Hall, Cambridge, on Thursday evening, before theFranklin Liberty Association. The lecture was in theorator's usual brilliant style, and was listened to by alarge and appreciating audience.—Chronicle. Chronicle. 

 ☞It is hoped that a quarterly meeting of the WorcesterCountry (South Division) Anti-Slavery Societywill be held at UPTON, on Thursday, April 7, (Fast day.)We regret that we cannot make a definite announcement.Members of the Society, and friends ofthe cause, are referred to the columns of the WorcesterSpy, in which notice will be given early next week, itthe contemplated arrangement are completed—M. WorcesterCountry (South Division) Anti-Slavery Society WorcesterSpy ☞A meeting was recently held at theTabernacle, N.Y. to promote the cause of temperance,The chief speakers, as well as all of the officer on thisoccasion, were females. Mrs. N.L. Fowler presided andmade a brief speech. She was followed by AntoinetteL. Brown, in advocacy of the Maine law. Mrs. Bloomernext addressed the meeting, on the statistic of intemperance,and the history of the efforts in differentStates to suppress it. Miss Anthony followed, in a longspeech, in which the special interest of women in thetemperance question was particularly considered. Mr.Horace Greeley made the closing speech. The meetingis said to have been very full and enthusiastic—Commonwealth. Commonwealth. ☞Accounts from Rio Janeiro to January 13,state that a slaver had run into Mozambique-channelwith a full cargo of slaves, which were quickly disposedof at enormous prices. The Captain of the vesselsucceeded in making his escape, but the vessel and crewwere captured by a Brazilian cutter, and the crewthrown into prison. Brazilian Slave Trade.—The correspondencebetween the American Minister to Brazil and Mr. Webster,which is called for by Mr. Seward's resolution, willbring to light some startling facts relative to the BrazilianSlave Trade, and show pretty conclusively that duringthe last two administrations, there has not been avery cordial co-operation on the part of our Governmentwith Brazil to prevent our citizens from engagingin that traffic. Brazilian Slave Trade. Railroad Accident.—An appalling accidentoccurred on Monday last, on the Baltimore and OhioRailroad, 70 miles west of Cumberland. The passengertrain ran off the track, killing eight, and wounding anumber of others. The accident when thetrain was descending a curved grade of 100 feet, toCheat River. Two cars were thrown off, falling overone hundred feet into the river, turning four summersetsin the descent. They contained 40 passengers, of whomeight were killed. Railroad Accident. Fatal Accident.—A man was killed on theProvidence and Boston Railroad, at the crossing nearMansfield, by the accommodation train from Boston,Saturday afternoon. He was crossing in a carriage.No damage occurred to the train. Fatal Accident. Hayti.—Mr. B.C. Clark, whose 'Plea for Hayti'was published a few months ago, has preparedand published 'Remarks upon United States Interventionin Hayti, with comments upon the correspondenceconnected with it'. Mr. Clark is a Boston merchant,whose knowledge of Hayti qualifies him to speak on thisquestion. This pamphlet deserves to be circulatedthroughout the country. It shows Mr. CommissionerWalsh's diplomatic operations in Hayti in their propercharacter.—Commonwealth. Hayti. Commonwealth. The Ether Question. — Senator Walker,Chairman of the Select Committee on the Ether question,has reported a bill appropriating $100,000 to thediscoverer of the anesthetic properties of Ether, anddirecting the issue to be tried in the Circuit Court todetermine the discoverer. The Ether Question. ☞The last La Grange Texas Monumentgives the particulars of a most heart-rending occurrencein that county. Mrs. Mary Hill, while riding out onhorseback with her infant in her arms, was thrown fromher horse into a ditch, the horse falling on her, andcrushing both the Bother and child to death. La Grange Texas Monument Death of an Editor. —William C. Hamilton,Esq., one of the editors of the San Francisco Herald,but better known here as for several years an associateeditor of the New York Herald, died at Acapulco on hispassage out in the Golden Gate. Death of an Editor. Died of Yellow Fever.—Within one year,five Newburyport captains,—Messrs. Pike, the two Coffins,Pillsbury, and Page,—have died abroad, of yellowfever. Died of Yellow Fever. ☞The Queen Victoria steamer, while on apassage from Liverpool to Dublin, struck off rocks offHowth, in a snow storm on the night of the 14th ult.and sank in fifteen minutes. She had 100 passengers,besides the crew. It is supposed that about fifty soulsperished. Lectures on the Women of Shakespeare.—Weare informed that Mrs. B. Oakes Smith proposes, in thecourse of a few weeks, to deliver in this place severalLectures on the Women of Shakespeare. Mrs. Smith'sgenius exerted on a subject so congenial cannot fail tosecure a fitting audience. Those who had the pleasureof hearing her lecture in Boston last year, will be rejoicedat another opportunity of listening to her eloquence.—Commonwealth. Lectures on the Women of Shakespeare. Commonwealth. ☞The Tribune states that the Rev.' MissAntoinette Brown baa two invitations to nettle as pastorof Religious Societies in New York—one of them inTroy. Tribune ☞Emma R. Coe, we learn from out Ohioexchanges, is delivering lectures to large audiences inthat State on the subject of Woman's Rights, &c. Thepapers speak strongly of her eloquence and power as anadvocate of the rights of her sex. ☞Mrs. Severance delivered a lecture beforethe Mercantile Library Association in Cleveland,last week. The press of that city bestow upon it thehighest approbation. ☞Mrs. M. Tracy Cutler has been deliveringa series of lectures in Cleveland, embodying her impressionsduring a recent visit to England, Franco andIreland. Judging from the sketch in the True Democrat,they were of unusual interest. ☞The Hon. Andrew T. Judson, UnitedStates District Judge for Connecticut, died at Canterbury(Ct.,) on Thursday, 10th ult. ☞Ex-Governor Williams, of Vermont, wasfound dead in his bed, at Rutland Vt., on the eveningof the 9tb ult. ☞John Williams, a native of Boston, Mass,has been sentenced to death at Edinburgh, for the murderon the highway of an old man named AndrewMather. ☞A Baltimore mechanic has applied forspace In the Crystal Palace to erect a steam engine,which, he says, will carry a steamship across the Atlanticin 86 hours. ☞Concord, New Hampshire, has at lastvoted to adopt a city government The question wastaken on the third day of the annual town meeting, andthe project was carried by 289 majority yeas to559 nays. ☞Governor Clifford, with the advice of theCouncil, has appointed Thursday, the 7th day of April,as a day of fasting, humiliation and prayer, in Massachusetts. ☞In all the New England colleges, thereare upwards of 2000 students, about 500 of whoa arepursuing theological studies.—Lowell Adv. Lowell Adv. Buchanan's Journal of Man, for March, iseat, discussing as usual important questions of anthropology.We learn from it that spiritualism is exceedinglyprevalent in Cincinnati. The number of mediums,it states, is not less than twelve hundred. Those interestedare of all classes, Jews, infidels and Christians,and 'the number of investigations are to be estimatedby tens of thousands.' Buchanan's Journal of Man twelve hundred. A Whole Family Swept Away.—About ayear since, a family by the name of Twombly startedfrom South Maiden for the West The family consistedof the father, mother, five or six children, and an oldman who had long resided with these. Shortly afterarriving at their new home, the father and two childrendied. The mother, with the remainder of the family,started to return under the protection of the old man,and all are supposed to have been lost on the lakes byone of the disasters which occurred early in the winter,as nothing has since been heard of them.—Boston Jour. A Whole Family Swept Away. Boston Jour. The Sympathy of Despots.—Hildreth's WhiteSlave', which has had a great ran in Europe, havingappeared at London in five or six different forms, and inFrench, German, and Italian translations at Paris,Berlin, and Rome, has just had the crowning honor ofbeing prohibited by the Pope. It must be thespirit of liberty which the book- breathes—the samecause which has led to its prohibition generally, southof the Potounce—or possibly its this merely, at whichhis Holiness has taken offence; for we do not recollectthat it contains say allusion to the Catholic religion.—Commonwealth. The Sympathy of Despots. Commonwealth. NEW ORLEANS, March 28. A terrible steamboat disasteroccurred in Galveston bay, Texas, on the night ofthe 28d. The steamers Neptune and Farmer were racingfrom Houston to Galveston, when the latter explodedkilling the captain, clerk, second engineer, andthirteen of the crew, and about twenty passengers werealso killed or missing. Twenty passengers, mostly ladies,were saved. EW RLEANS NEW YORK, March 20, Radfield's pyrotechnic establishment,at Williamburgh, blow up this morning,killing two parent, a girl and a buy, and fatality injuring,one of the workman. EW ORK 

 ☞It is earnestly desired by the signers .of the Circularwhich accompanies the Woman's Rights Petition,that persons who may receive it will give it a wide circulation.Let no names be wanting which faithful laborcan secure. faithful labor The Constitutional Convention affords an opportunityof securing political equality for woman that may notreturn for years. If we ail to get it, let it not be becauseit was not abundantly prayed for. The Petition should be returned to WENDELL PHILLIPS,21 Cornhill, Boston, a few days before the ConstitutionalConvention meets. The following is the form of the Petition to which signaturesare requested to be affixed, without regard tosex:— To the Convention assembled to revise the Constitutionof the Commonwealth: To the Convention assembled to revise the Constitutionof the Commonwealth The undersigned, citizens of Massachusetts, respectfullyask that you will report an amendmentto the Constitution, striking oat the word 'MALE'wherever it occurs in that instrument. Last Sunday, Rev. THEODORE PARKER gave the lastof a series of discourses on the Condition and Rights ofWoman, in which he took the broadest ground as to herpolitical franchisement and educational elevation. Itwas an admirable effort, and was listened to with profoundinterest and manifest pleasure by an immense audience,—thespacious Music Hall being entirely filled.Fortunately, an excellent phonographic report of it wassecured; and it will be speedily published in a neatpamphlet, for cheap and general circulation. Nothingcould be more timely, with reference to the approachingConvention for amending the State Constitution.Orders are solicited, and may be sent to 21 Cornhill.A large edition will be printed. HEODORE ARKER 

 The various, religions denominations of the land arearrayed against the progressive spirit of the ace, andby their very structure, assumptions and regulations,cannot occupy a cooperative position, because they imposefetters upon freedom of speech and of consciences,by requiring a slavish conformity in matters of abstractfaith and sectarian discipline. This has led and is leadingto extensive secessions from such organizations in allparts of the country, leaving the secedes generally ina scattered and isolated condition, whose taunts, influenceand means might be profitably concentrated for theadvancement of the world-embracing cause of HumanBrotherhood, and who are yearning for some form ofassociation at once simple, free and attractive. The abuse of a good thing is net a reason for its utterrejection; and organization, in itself-considered, isnot only proper, but may be rendered powerfully efficaciousas an instrument in the hand of Reform, withoutimpairing the liberty, detracting frees the independence,or limiting the conscience of any individual;though, from the nature of things, its perpetuation isnot to be expected or desired, but it is at all times to beregarded as a means to an end, and to be discardedwhenever it becomes an impediment to the progress oftruth. The Society of Friends has been a theatre of agitationfor years, growing out of ecclesiastical domination onthe one hand, and the demand for practical righteousnesson the other; a domination entirely at variancewith the spirit of primitive Quakerism, seeking to suppressfree thought, and to exclude from membershipthose whose lives are without blemish, whose example inword and deed is a burning and shining light, and whoare seeking to know and do the will of God, at whateversacrifice; a domination which has been deemedso intolerable, that In the States of New York. Ohio andMichigan, Yearly Meetings have been formed, two ofwhich have taken the name of CONGREGATIONAL.FRIENDS, and two others that of PROGRESSIVE FRIENDS,and which invite to membership all those who look toGod as a Universal Father, and who regard as oneBrotherhood the whole family of man.' ONGREGATIONAL. RIENDS ROGRESSIVE RIENDS In view of facts like these, and believing there is anextensive preparation of mind for such a movement, wecordially invite not only the members of the Society ofFriends, but all those who feel the want of social andreligions cooperation, and believe that a Society maybe formed, recognizing the Progressive Element whichwill divorce Religion from technical theology, to meetwith us in GENERAL CONFERENCE, at Friends' meeting-houseat Old Kennett, in Chester County, Pennsylvania,on First day, the 22d of Fifth month, 1858, at halfpast 11 o'clock, A.M., to deliberate upon such plan oforganization as may commend itself to the judgment ofthose assembled, and to take action upon such other subjectspertaining to Human Duty and Welfare, as mayappear to demand the attention of the assembly. Progressive Element technical theology ENERAL ONFERENCE Amos Preston, Jonathan Lamborn, Moses Pennock, Benjamin Pyle, Esther Hayes,- Castner Hanway, Sumner Stebbins, Hannah Cox, Jesse Pennock, Hannah M. Darlington, Oliver Johnson, James Meredith, Sarah B. Dugdale, William Barnard, Joseph A. Dugdale, Eusebius Barnard, Isaac Meredith, Thamazin Meredith Isaac Mendenhall, Dinah Mendenhall, Vincent Barnard, Benjamin Kent, Thomas Borton, Beulah Borton, Bartholomew Fussell, Rebecca Fussell, Ann Coates, James Fulton, Ann Fulton, Enoch S. Hannum, Enoch L. Taylor, Alice Eliza Hambleton, James Truman, Mary A. Truman, Simon Barnard, Sarah D. Barnard, James Painter, Esther Moore, Ebenezer James, Rebecca L.Fussell, Ephraim Wilson, George Chapman, Richard janney, Cyrus M. Burleigh, Robert Purvis, Harriet Purvis, Elijah F. Pennypeacker, Jacob L. Paxson, Barclay Ivins, Fannie Schofield, Mahlon B. Linton, Thomas Garrett, Edward Webb, Rowland Johnson, Henrietta Wallcott Johnson. 

 We are requested by Mr. MANN to stats, that, inconsequence of his absence from home the past week,he will not be able to reply to the last letter of Mr.PHILLIPS until our next number. ANN HILLIPS MESSRS. MANN and PHILLIIPS.—The last number ofTHE LIBERATOR contains another long letter from WendellPhillips in reply to Mr Mann. It does not answerthat gentleman's rejoinder, for this it would be hardlypossible for our Garrisonian friends to do effectually,But it reiterates their old positions. Mr. Phillips repliesas follows to what Mr. Mann said touching the oathto support the Constitution. ESSRS. ANN HILLIIPS. HE IBERATOR answer * * * * * * It is surprising what tall structures some men canrear on quibbles! But we copy this to enable ourreaders to see it, not to reply to it, Mr. Mann does notrequire our assistance. Nevertheless, we have a word for THE LIBERATOR.Once upon a time, that paper rejoiced with exceedingjoy over the election of George Thompson to the EnglishParliament, from the Tower Hamlets. It called thatsuccess a 'great triumph of the right,' o- something tothis effect. It was repeatedly asked to explain how thiswas consistent with it doctrines relative to voting andthe constitutional oath, in this country. The questionwas put with the utmost sincerity, and urged in themost courteous terms that could be employed. THELIBERATOR did not answer it. It preserved the mostcareful silence. It actually dodged that question.(!!) HE IBERATOR. HE IBERATOR dodged The oath of a member or Parliament cannot be otherwisethan obnoxious to what THE LIBERATOR and Mr.Phillips lay down as a principle; yet THE LIBERATORrejoiced at Mr. Thompson's election, and' afterwards refusedto explain why it rejoiced. Slavery does not existin England; but we presume THE LIBERATOR was notready to say that slavery, bad as it is, is the only formof oppression, the only crime of which a governmentcan be guilty. Therefore, it kept silence. But it cannotsuppose that this convenient silence won anybody toadmire its theory touching the constitutional oath.—Commonwealthof Tuesday. HE IBERATOR HE IBERATOR HE IBERATOR Commonwealthof Tuesday. ☞We are glad to see that our hint to the Commonwealth,to be impartial with its extracts as between Mr,Mann and Mr. Phillips, has been efficacious. Nothingis over lost by fairness and magnanimity. Commonwealth As for our having 'dodged' any question ever propoundedto us, from any quarter, the charge is simplyuntrue and ridiculous; though we know of no obligationresting upon as to-answer every question that maybe asked, especially when the question carries upon itsface an absurdity, and is urged with egotistical pertinacity.Let the Commonwealth quote what we haveever said, exultingly, about the election of Mr. THOMPSONto the British Parliament, and let its readers judgewhether we have ever printed a syllable inconsistentwith the principles we profess. If the editors of thatpaper are so blind, that they cannot perceive that thereis no parallel between the oath of a member of Parliamentand that of one who swears to support the U.S.Constitution, we can only pity their condition. WhenMr. Thompson shall be found swearing to uphold thatwhich, as a private citizen, he regards as a heinous sin,and we are found congratulating him upon snob, a position,it will be time enough to inquire after his and ourown consistency. HOMPSON The Rev. T.W. Higginson gives the following gentleadmonition in the Commonwealth:— Commonwealth MESSRS. EDITORS—I observe in the Commonwealth,of this morning, the following extract from the LowellAmerican:— Commonwealth LowellAmerican 'Among the wagons in the rear I' Keen, but perfectlyjust. The post of danger and the place of temptationhas been occupied by Adams, Giddings, Mann,Palfrey, Allen, Hale, and others. Nobly have theydone their duty. When the silk-glove radicals of theBazaar come out from among the wagons, they maypossibly criticize the swordsmen and artillerists.' I have no wish to engage in the controversy betweenMr. Phillips and Mr. Mann. I only wish to suggest,that if our friend Robinson had been a member of theVigilance Committee during the fugitive slave cases inBoston, he might have learned to take a more comprehensiveview of the dangers to be incurred, under somecircumstances, by abolitionists—and of the comparativereadiness of different classes of men to meet them. Worcester, March 28. T.W.H. 

 —A Lecture on the French Revolution of 1798 (itsCause and Character) will be delivered in WashingtonianHall, Browfield street, on Monday evening, April4th, at half-past 7 o'clock, by PARKER PILLSBURY, ofConcord, N.H. Tickets of admission 15 cents, to be hadat the Anti-Slavery Office, 21 Cornhill, and at the door. ARKER ILLSBURY 

 LECTURE ON THE FRENCH REVOLUTION. At the requestof several friends, PARKER PILLISBURY has consentedto deliver his elaborate and highly interestingLecture on the French Revolution of 1798, in theWASHINGTONIAN HALL, Bromfield Street, on Mondayevening next, at half past seven o'clock. On no onesubject is there more general ignorance and misconception,then on the French Revolution—corrupt priestsand tory politicians having assiduously labored, formore than half a century, to cover it, and Its prominentactors, with the blackest infamy, as the concentrationof all that was blasphemous and demoniacal. ECTURE ON THE RENCH EVOLUTION. ARKER ILLISBURY ASHINGTONIAN ALL Mr. PILLSBURY has made e most searching investigationon this subject, and will present it in its true colors.This torture has been delivered in many places, and hasuniformly elicited high commendations. We hope to seea crowded audience. Price of admission, 15 cents.Tickets for sale at the door, and at the Anti-SlaveryOffice. ILLSBURY 

 ☞REV. THEODORE PARKER will deliver a lecturein the Upper Town Hall, North Brookfield, onWEDNESDAY evening next, April 6th, at half past 7o'clock, on 'The True and False Idea of a Gentleman.' EDNESDAY 'The True and False Idea of a Gentleman. 

 DEPARTURE OF MRS. STOWE. Among the passengersin the steamer Canada which left this port on Wednesdayfor Liverpool, was MRS, HARRIET BENCHER STOWE.On her arrival in England, she is destined to meet witha reception unparalleled in the annals of philanthropy.Her mission is of immense importance, and cannot fallto give an electric impulse to the cause of emancipationthroughout the globe. She is accompanied, by her hashand, Pref. Stowe, and by her youngest anther, Rev.Charles Beecher. EPARTURE OF RS. TOWE. RS ARRIET ENCHER TOWE. 

 ☞REV. ANDREW T. FOSS, an Agent of theWorcester County (South Division) Anti-Slavery Society,will lecture in NDREW Worcester County (South Division) Anti-Slavery Society Table  Table  

 MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON If my inquiry but weak was but a 'finsh in the pan.'it strikes me you should been thrown it under the table.The reply would indicate that it was somethingmore. But let that pass. The point is, can Mr. MANNconsistently denounce the heating of slaves, &c., andyet swear to support the Constitution and the laws ofthe land? You have stated an extreme ease, not evena supposable case; and yet my answer would be, if aJuggernaut Congress, sixty years age, had made suchrequirements as yon speak of, I would do my beet tosend Into the national councils the most powerful mento convince of the great sin, and get the prohibition removed.You go for revolution, as did our fathers; butif we were united, as were oar fathers, revolutionwould not be necessary. ANN Again: you ask, 'Can an anti-slavery man swear tosupport a pro-slavery instrument?' He must swear tosupport the Constitution and the laws of the land, orhis voice can never be beard where most effectual. Now, I will suppose a case. The laws in some one ofour States license unlimited drinking and gambling.More than half of the new members of the Legislaturedesire to do away these great evils, bat they must swearto support the Constitution and the laws of the State,with all their 'sinful compromises,' until they can successfullygrapple with the evil. Shall they, with oneaccord, stay at home, under the plea that they would beswearing to support iniquitous laws?—' doing evil thatgood may come'? In my view, the 'glory of God andthe welfare of the State' would be promoted by theirvigorous action. Are you, Mr. G., always 'consistent'? I have veryoften attended the meetings of the New England Anti-SlaverySociety—have been deeply interested, some-timesdelighted and instructed, and often pained. Inyour earlier career, all you wanted, to accomplish thedestruction of slavery, was the influence and favorableaction of the free States. That was subsequently so farobtained, that Mr. PHILLIPS declared, in Faneuil Hall,no dog dared to 'wag his tongue' In its favor. Thiswas succeeded by placing the whole body of Christianteachers upon the pro-slavery platform. Then camethe doctrine of disunion, and now Mr. PHILLIPS claimsthe right, and would make it the duty of all to instigateopenly the escape of the stave, making saints of thecrusaders! HILLIPS HILLIPS I will only add, that I deem it most unfortunate forthis best of causes, which is fast enlisting the sympathiesof our race, that there should be such discrepancyof action amongst the friends of the slave. The Southwill not discriminate, and hence new enactments torivet the chains. I have great faith in the good effectsof the promised forthcoming exposition of the 'AmericanSlave Code,' and Mrs. Stowe's 'Key to UncleTom's Cabin.' But I have no faith in good results fromthe studied abuse, by licensed orators, of men, howeverdistinguished as the friends of the slave, apparently forno better reason than that, by deviating from onebeaten path, or wearing harness manufactured inanother shop, they were evidently violating a patentright. patentright. ENQUIRER. REMARK 'Enquirer' merely indulges in repetition.His moral philosophy we regard as radically unsound,and therefore cannot adopt it. He believes that the endsanctifies the means—in the necessity (at least occasionally)of doing evil that good may come: we do not. Inreply to our inquiry, 'Can an anti-slavery man swearto support a pro-slavery instrument?' or a Christianswear to sanction the worship of Juggernaut? he says,'He must swear to support the Constitution and thelaws of the land, or his voice can never be .heard wheremost effectual.' This is either to dodge or to beg thequestion, and so is no answer; or else it means that aman may swear that he will repudiate his principles, inorder that he may the more surely advance them; andthis is an absurdity. Whether we are 'always consistent'or not, is not to the point With 'Enquirer,' we'have no faith in good results from the studied abuse'of anybody; but when a man 'deviates from the beatenpath' of moral rectitude, and swears to uphold whathe declares to be atrociously wicked per se, we think itright and proper to expose his inconsistency. EMARK per se 

 ☞PARKER PILLSBURY, an Agent of the MassachusettsA.S. Society, will speak in ARKER ILLSBURY Table  Table  

 FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON I think you have not been quite just in your notice ofthe little book written by my son, as a medium on theBible. Of course, yon will be glad to correct the mistakesyou have made. Speaking of the books of the Old Testament, yousay, putting the sentence into quotation marks—' Theywere all written through mediums, and are somewhatcorrect in the main.' This is a mistake, as you will seeby looking at it carefully. On the first page occursthis statement—'Some of the Old Testament was writtenby men who had no more power than I had to preach thegospel before I had my eon version.' On the thirteenthpage you will find the following passage:—'Joshna isa book written by a General who kept an account ofthe battles he fought. Almost the whole book is false.'This is enough to show your mistake in the sentenceabove quoted from your notice. all Again: you do not understand rightly the correctiongiven of the second verse of the thirteenth chapter ofRomans. The corrected passage is as follows:—'Whosoeverresisteth the power, therefore, does not resist theordinance of God; but those that do resist unto deathmost receive their damnation.' On this you say,' Amost illogical conclusion from the premises, and thepunishment of damnation, where no law or ordinanceof God has been resisted, Is horribly disproportioned tothe offence.' 'Damnation' means simply condemnation;and if any one resisteth the law of the land untodeath, he is condemned and punished by the governmentwhich be has opposed. This Is sure, and onlythis is affirmed in the passage. Nothing is said ofGod's government in this statement. corrected condemnation In regard to your opinion of the book, I have no faultto find. Ton have a perfect right to that, and to afull expression of it So has each one who may readthe book. I am satisfied, on evidence which I cannotgainsay, that the whole was communicated to my sonby an invisible power. It claims to come from PaulIf that claim be true, it will stand; if not, it will fall.I wait the result. Yours for truth and love, IRA HOAR. ☞We meant to cast no reflection whatever upon themedium,' nor to do any injustice in our quotations.Not having the book at hand to refer to now, we are notable to re-examine it; but we presume our friend Hoaris right in his correction. As to the passage in the 13thchapter of Romans, whatever the term 'damnation'was meant to imply, it does seem to as most illogical toadmit the validity of the declaration, 'The powers thatbe are ordained of God,' and then to affirm, 'Whosoeverresisteth the power, therefore, does nor resist theordinance of God,' &c. 

 ☞OLD COLONY A.S. SOCIETY. A quarterlymeeting of this Society will be held in CARVEN, on theday of the annual Fast, April 7th, commencing at 10o'clock, A.M., and continuing through the day. Wehope our friends throughout the county will so arrangematters as to be present. Let the occasion be one of interest.The meeting will be addressed by PARKERPILLSBURY and others. ARVEN ARKER ILLSBURY The meeting will be held in Cobb's Hall. BOURNE SPOONER, President. OURNE POONER President. H.H. BRIGHAM, Sec'ry. RIGHAM Sec'ry. 

 ☞NORFOLK COUNTY. The anneal meeting ofthe Norfolk County Anti-Slavery Society will be heldon THURSDAY, April 7th, (the day of the Annual Fast,)at UNION HALL. PORT NORFOLK. The meeting willcommence at 10 1-2, A.M., and will continue afternoonand evening. Wm. L. GARRISON, Rev. DANIEL FOSTER,and other speakers will attend. ORFOLK OUNTY. Norfolk County Anti-Slavery Society HURSDAY NION ALL. ARRISON ANIEL OSTER EDMUND QUINCY, President. DMUND UINCY President. WILLIAM I. BOWDITCH, Sec'ry. ILLIAM OWDITCH Sec'ry. 

 ☞SALLIE HOLLEY, an Agent of the Mass A.S.Society, will lecture as follows:— Table  Table  

 DANIEL FOSTER, an Agent of the MassachusettsA.S. Society, will speak in Table  Table  and following evening, when he will give his courseof Anti-Slavery lectures. Table  Table  

 ☞LOWELE The Middlesex County Anti-SlaverySociety will hold their annual in WELLSHALL, in Lowell, an Sunday next, April 3, commencingat 10 1/2 o'clock, A.M., and continuing afternoon andevening. Middlesex County Anti-SlaverySociety ALL Rev. DANIEL FOSTER, PARKER PILLSBURY, and otherspeakers be present. ANIEL OSTER ARKER ILLSBURY WILLIAM WHITING, President. President. Concord, March 30. 

 ☞SPIRIT MANIFESTATIONS. The friends ofthe new Spirit Manifestations will hold meetings in theTown Hall, in Abington, next Sunday, April 3, at theusual hours of religious meetings; and also on Saturdayevening. S.C. HEWITT, J.M. SPEAR, and others areexpected to be present, and speak of the things which concernthe New Era. The meetings will be free. EWITT PEAR 

 MARRIED—In Brookfield, Mass, March 25, by Rev,W.B. Greene, Mr. WILLIAM DOAME to Miss HANNAS R.BACON, both of Chariton. ARRIED ILLIAM OAME ANNAS ACON DIED—At cummington, Drister Pierce, colored, saidto be 100. He was formerly a slave in Worcester Coand had been a pauper many years. In Washington, 30th ult., of accumulation of wateron the longs, Mrs. Millard Friends, with of the ex-Presidentof the United States. 

 OWING to the unparalleled draft upon our resourcesduring the pass year, on account of the unexampledsale of Uncle Tom's Cabin, a large number ofmost valuable manuscripts were obliged to lie untouchedin our safe, waiting a favorable moment to appear inprint. We have availed ourselves of the earliest moment,and now offer them to the readers of good books.Most of them are issued. Those still in press will bepublished speedily. Uncle Tom's Cabin readers of good books. 

 OR, LIFE IN A COUNTRY PARRONAGE,BY A PASTOR'S WIFE. R IFE IN A OUNTRY ARRONAGE This volume is designed, in a measure, as a contrastto that charming little book, Sunny Side, and we doubtnot that it will meet with quite as favorable a reception,as that work. It is written in an admirable style, andhe who commences its perusal will hardly be able to stopuntil he has gone through. Price 75 cts. Sunny Side 

 This most interesting work contains the history of thelast days of this distinguished man, and the account ofhis numerous interviews and conversations with hispastor, Muntor, through whose instrumentality he wasled to abandon his skepticism, and embrace the religionof Jesus. Price 62 1-2 cts. 

 A portion of this Boat admirably written volume ofMeditations on the last hours of our Savior upon earth,was published some years since, and met with great favorfrom the religious public. The work has been re-written,and very much enlarged, end is again offeredto the community. We would not say a word in itscommendation to those who have read the volume asoriginally published. To those who love to go with theRedeemer of men, to meditate in the garden of Gethsemaneor upon the mount of Olives, or by the sea of Galilee,this volume will afford a vein of sacred thoughtPrice $1 00. 

 We have just issued the third volume in the series ofthe writings of this venerable and eloquent man, ashas been lately said of him by some one, 'the father ofmore brains than any other man in the country.' Thisvolume contains his VIEWS of THEOLOGY, and his celebratedTrial for Heresy before the Presbytery and Synodof Cincinnati, with a Superb Steel Portrait by Andrews.Price $1. No clergyman's library is complete withoutDr. Beecher's writings. the father ofmore brains than any other man in the country.' IEWS HEOLOGY Superb Steel Portrait No clergyman's library is complete 

 Illustrated with 50 superb designs by Billings, engravedby Baker, Smith &Andrews, Price, 50 cts. Illustrated with 50 superb designs by Billings, engravedby Baker, Smith &Andrews, Price, 50 cts. This superb volume in its typography and illustrations,and elegant in its composition, being one of thefinest productions of its accomplished author, is offeredthe public in this most attractive, form, with thehope that thousands may peruse its glowing pages, andfrom them receive fresh stimulus in their efforts to elevatehumanity from degradation and wrong. They willlearn from it that in years past, White Men as well asBlacks have felt the galling yoke of slavery. White Men 

 In one volume, 12 mo., with a portrait. In one volume, 12 mo., with a portrait. PRICE, $1.00. RICE Who has rendered more efficient services to the causeof humanity than the venerable Judge Jay? His collectivewritings will be among the very best contributionsto the anti-slavery literature of the country. 

 OR, THE DYNAMIC LAWS AND RELATIONS OF MAN,BY DR.E.C. ROGERS. R HE YNAMIC AWS AND ELATIONS OF AN A learned and philosophical exposure of the modernbelief in spiritual manifestations, showing, most conclusively,that we need not go to the spirit world to accountfor those things, but that they can all be explainedby human agency, and upon philosophical principles.Let the believers in spiritual rappings read this ableand conclusive work. Price #1 00. 

 We need not inform the public that any work fromMr. Spooner's pen would be one of great research andlearning—his logical sentences as a writer is too wellknown. This, his last, and perhaps his greatest effort,on the Trial by Jury, is destined to create a commotionin the world. Jurymen will learn their rights and dutiesfrom it, and also learn to what an alarming extenttheir rights have been encroached upon. We bespeakfor this able treatise a candid perusal. Price—$ 1.25in cloth; $1.50 in law sheep. 

 In one volume octavo. Price 50 cts. In one volume octavo. Price 50 cts. The English language has been exhausted in praiseof this unrivalled tale; and this translation into theGerman language we believe will be as popular amongthe large German population in this country. 

 There are hours when men need relaxation from thesterner labors of life, both bodily and mental. In theseseadens, such a volume a the above is a desirablecompanion, and affords that relief which the mind needs.Price, #1.00. 

 A work which will most thoroughly establish thetruth of every statement in 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' anda good many not in that work. Price, 50 cts. 

 The Congressional speeches of this distinguished anduncompromising anti-slavery veteran, who is still battlingnobly with the powers of darkness complete inone volume, 12 no., with a portrait. Price, #1.00. 

 This work is now being translated into German, byone of our beat German scholars, and will be issuedsoon after the publication of the English edition. The above valuable works are published by JOHIT F. JEWETT &Co, BOSTON. JEWETT, PROCTOR &WORTHINGTON, CLEVELAND, OHIO, LEVELAND HIO And for sale by Booksellers generally. 

 Fourth Annual Session. Fourth Annual Session. THE next session of this Institution will commenceon September 1st, 1853, and continue five monthsclosing on the 31st of January, 1854. Persons wishing copies of the Announcement, or desirousof further information, will please apply, personallyor by letter, to the Dean of the Faculty. DAVID J. JOHNSON, M.D., 229 Arch Street Philadelphia, April 1 tf 

 LEWIS HAYDEN would respectfully call the attentionof his former customers and the public generally,to his ample stock of  Being connected with one of the very largest ClothingHouses in Boston, he is prepared to furnish every kindof garment. He would also inform his friends that hewill get up every kind of custom garment at the shortestnotices. He hopes the friend of freedom, especially,will favor him with a call, as he has seen some hardservice in slavery. One and all are invited to call,where they will always he treated fairly, and with goodbargains, at 121 CAMBRIDGE STREET, BOSTON. 

 A ship lay rocking in a Southern port,The tired sailors in their berths were dreaming,And on the lighthouse and the ruined portThe quiet moon was beaming.    But on dark face up to the moonlit sky,With fearful wildness in its looks, was turning,And in the far deeps of her midnight eye,A wild, strange light was burning.    Then gazing on her infant's sinless rest,—Poor little being! born to pain and sorrow!—She thought how rudely from her yearning breastIt would be torn to-morrow.    'They'll sell thee, O my child!' she wildly cried:'They'll tear thee from the arms of thy poor mother;And thou wilt have no kind friend by thy side—No father, sister, brother!    'They'll tear thee from me, child, and sent awayThy mother to the rice-swamp, damp and dreary,Where she must toil In scorching heat all day,Sad-hearted, faint and weary!    'How I shall miss thee, child! my heart will pineWith its deep, earnest longing to behold thee,To see thee, hear thee, press thy lips to mine,And in my arms enfold thee.    'No! no! it must not be! we will not part,While death can bring deliverance from our sorrow!Down to this tide I'll still thins and my heart,And dread no more to-morrow! we will not part   thins my  'Wake! wake, my darling babe! look down with me,Where through the wares the hungry sharks are darting!'We'll go to them—tle sharp, short agonyIs less than that of farting!    A sudden plunge—a shriek of mortal pain,And all the agony and grief are over!The bright waves calmly settle back again,And their dark horrors cover!Danvers, March 20. 1853.     

 Suggested by reading a late State Paper, wherein theHigher Law is invoked to sustain the Lower one. Suggested by reading a late State Paper, wherein theHigher Law is invoked to sustain the Lower one. BY JOHN G. WHITTIER. A pious magistrate! sound his praise throughoutThe wondering churches. Who shall henceforth doubtThat the long-wished Millennium draweth nigh?Sin in high places has become devout,Tithes mint, goes painful-faced and prays its lieStraight up to Heaven, and calls it piety!      The pirate, watching from his bloody deckThe weltering galleon, heavy with the goldOf Acapulco, holding death in checkWhile prayers are said, brows crossed, and beads aretold—The robber, kneeling where the wayside crossOn dark Abruzzo tells of life's dread lossFrom his own carbine, glancing still abroadFor some new victim, offering thanks to God!—Rome, listening at her altars to the cryOf midnight Murder, while her hounds of bellScour France from baptized cannon and holy bell,And thousand-throated priesthood, loud and high,Pealing Te-Deums to the shuddering sky,'Thanks to the Lord who giveth victory!'What prove these, but that crime was ne'er so blackAs ghostly cheer and pious thanks to lack.'Satan is modest. At Heaven's door he laysHis evil offspring, and, in scriptural phraseAnd saintly posture, gives to God the praiseAnd honor of the monstrous progeny.What marvel, then, in our own time to seeHis old devices smoothly acted o'er—Official piety locking fast the doorOf Hope against three million souls of men—Brothers, God's children, Christ's redeemed and then,With uprolled eyeballs and on bended knee,Whining a prayer for help to hide the key!                            

 Yes, noble women—not a fewThe cause of progress grace,Laboring with earnest zeal and true—Brave champions of their race.    Child-like is one, whom wild romanceHas led through many a spot,Where angels whisper, fairies dance—For her where are they not? Child    her not? But in that warm, impassioned heart,Far deeper thoughts have stirred,Which radiate as by magic artFrom each electric word.    And one with pathos rare, and grace,Pictured the 'Old Door Stone,'But humbler scenes delights to traceIn sweetly Sportive tone.    'Beauty and Dress' of one are thermos;But, trifler, not for theeHer earnest thought that nto seems'—'That dares itself to be. one    itself Yet hers the graceful flower that bendsIn breezes soft and free,And with its lighter beauty blendsThe Oakes' proud dignity.    Oakes' Half hid in modesty's deep fold,Another sweetly sings,Yet in poetic prose has toldOf 'Little Country Things.'    Soft as the 'Summer Twilight' fallHer lines upon the heart,Till in our memories cone they all,A dear and holy part.    And she, the placid Quakeress, grave,'But gentle as the dove,The noble spirit wisely brave,So tempered well with love. Quakeress    Her sex's fearless advocate—But from unholy strife,Winning by tones whose deepest weightSprings from her blameless life.    And one in grace and wisdom Grew,Till words of life and power,Poured from her very soul, we view—No trifler of an hour. Grew    Blessings be on each righteous dead.Wrought from life pure and bold,And multiplied each scattered seedA hundred, thousand fold!    But time would fail, were even the moodOf praise bestowed aright;—Ah! for such task well might I needThe pencil fair of light.    Thank God for this, that not a fewIn graceful strength they stand,Lovely, and dignified, and true,The glory of our land.G. not    

 Has fortune frowned, my honest friend?Don't hang your head as low;This is no time to falter now,Up; strike another blow!Don't sit, and groan, and grunt, and tellWhat you have tried to do.Bat place your shoulder to the wheel,Strain nerve! and put her through!      tried   and put her through! 

 NEW GARDEN, Ohio, Jan. 28,1853. EW ARDEN DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON Twenty-five years of your life have been devoted tothe advocacy of the rights of the enslaved millions ofthis Republic Great and numerous have been the difficultieswith which you have contended. None hasbeen more formidable, or more frequently urged, thanyour determination to maintain freedom of thought andspeech for yourself and for all others, on all subjects.Nothing has seemed to mo more unnatural or more unjustthan the condemnation so often visited upon you,because, while you have made the abolition of war andslavery the great object of your life, you have uttered,and allowed others to utter, in your columns, theirviews of other matters that bear en the support of thesecrimes, and prevent the progress of truth and justice.The fears of many sincere, but mistaken friends of theslave have prayed yon, with tears, not to allow anything to be said in THE LIBERATOR about matters deemedsacred by them, even though, in your view, theymay have sanctioned the wrongs you were seeking toabolish. Your warfare has been for the, improvementand elevation of man. Of course, you have waged waragainst whatever, in your view, has been used as meansenslave, kill and degrade him.to enslave, kill and degrade him. You have contended against war and death-penalty,in all cases. From your first word uttered againstman-killing, as a sin per se, the Bible has been castbefore you as the great argument in favor of war anddeath-penalty. You raised your voice against slavery;the national answer was, 'You deny the Bible—thatsanctions slavery.' The questions could not be avoided—Doesthe Bible sanction war?—Does it sanctionslavery? You could not deny that it sanctions warand death-penalty, in their most revolting forms,though it has many precepts which utterly condemnthem. You could not deny that it authorized buyingand selling men and women as bondmen and bondmaids,and licensed those who bought them to scourgethem to death with impunity, because they were their'money'; though the book contains many stern denunciationsagainst all oppression and cruelty. Your onlycourse was, to deny that the Bible, or any book, haspower to sanction war or slavery; and to affirm thatnothing is true because it is in a book, nothing falsebecause it is condemned by a book. This you havedone, and permitted your correspondents to do. Forone, I thank you, with all my soul. You and your coadjutorshave been sent of God, to advocate man's'right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness,' andto apply the principles of justice, truth and love to theindividual and national crimes of the nineteenth century,as Jesus and the apostles did to such of the evils oftheir day as they perceived. What sort of a reformer hadyou been, had you admitted that man's right to life andliberty depended on the construction and authority of abook written two and three thousand years ago? Youcould only answer, had Moses and Jesus never existed,and had there never been a Bible, man's right to life,liberty and happiness had been as inherent and inalienable.In behalf of the victims of slavery and war,I bless you that you based your advocacy of humanityon the rock of self-evident truth, and not on theinterpretations of Bibles and Constitutions. Not an hourcould you have stood on any other foundation. Thegreat contest has been between the self-evident truthsand facts of human nature, and the interpretations ofa book. As soon would I submit the question whetherGod or man had a right to be, to the decision of theBible, as the question of the right or wrong of slaveryand war. They are wrongs which no power in the universecan make right. per se slavery; bondmen and bondmaids man's right to life andliberty depended on the construction and authority of abook written two and three thousand years ago? self-evident During the past four years, you have generously allowedme the opportunity, in THE LIBERATOR, to answer,in my own way, the argument from the Bible insupport of war and slavery. Many whom I dearlylove and respect, and whose seal in the anti-slaverycause has been moat commendable, have blamed me forwriting and you for printing what I have written'Before me is a letter from such as one. The writer isperfectly frank in condemnation of my views, anddeeply laments that they should have been allowed toappear in THE LIBERATOR; at the same time, the spiritof the letter b kind and tolerant. If you think thecause of truth would be subserved by it, I would thankyou to publish the following extracts:— HE IBERATOR HE IBERATOR 'The death of DANIEL WEBSTER is a solemn andstriking event at this crisis, and one which must carry anawful lesson to the minds of those who ponder it. Hehad sacrificed all principle and right for political power,and signally appropriate was the retribution in his sinkingso very low in the scale of politics; and then,while all were looking on the sad spectacle of this fallenstar, behold! he is summoned before his eternalJudge. ANIEL EBSTER 'We read THE LIBERATOR with great interest, andmuch enjoy its real anti-slavery character, and the racinessof its true abolition principles. But we dodeeply regret that there should so often be contained inits pages articles which quite prevent our making theuse of it we should like. I trust thou wilt bear withme when I say, that some of thy letters grieve us exceedingly,both on thy own account and on that of thecause, which they might tend to Injure. I allude particularlyto that letter in which thou speaks approvinglyof Paine's 'Age of Reason,' and would advocate itssentiments for adoption rather than the Bible. Andcouldst thou succeed in persuading men to thrust asidethe Bible, what wouldst thou have done for them? Takefrom them a well of refreshing truth—a fountain oflife, and a charter of liberty for every human creature.O! how I do wish thou wouldst pause, and takecounsel with the inward monitor, and not of thy reason;but of the spirit of God, a measure of which is grantedto every one, and pray that the veil may be removedfrom thy eyes, that thou mayst be able to read arighteven the writings of Mesas, and that a clear view of thedivine workings may be granted thee; and that thoumayest perceive, ere it is too late, (as was the case withthe miserable Paine,) where thy course of reasoning istending. HE IBERATOR what wouldst thou have done for them? 'Wilt thou excuse my thus writing? The affectionateregard we have entertained for thee prompts mydoing so; as also does my love for the cause of thepoor slave, who is neglected while thou tearest in shredsthe written charter of, his liberty, and while thouthrowest obstacles of a painful nature in the path of hisfriends; for while we continue to hold the broad catholicground of anti-slavery union, it is rendered infinitelymore difficult by unnecessary hindrances such asI have referred to. We all mute to kind remembrancesto thee, whose fearless, single-minded, disinterested advocacyof anti-slavery while with us is not forgottenby any of us.' Dear Garrison,—through THE LIBERATOR, let meassure the writer of the above, that but one thing in itneeds an apology her contemptuous throat at ThomasPaine, whose writings, political and religious, I presume,she never read, and of whose life and death she knowsnothing, except through those whose interest it hasbeen to misrepresent and blacken his motives and hischaracter. If I owe a confession and apology to thememory of any man of the past, I ewe it to that of theauthor of 'Common Sense' and of the 'Age of Reason.'Deeply do I lament that my soul was so utterly hardenedagainst the personal character of a fellow-being bythe falsehoods which priestly and political despots, andrevengeful bigots, have uttered against Thomas Paine.In the great future, it will be known to whom the term'miserable' will most truly apply, to Thomas Paine orto his accusers. I would rather prefer to meet theGod of truth, justice and liberty in judgment as ThomasPaine, than as one of his priestly or political defamers.Paine vindicated God against what he considererblasphemy, and man against what he consideredan insult and a wrong; for which all manner of evilhas been said against him by 'the powers that be' inChurch and State. What would the Church and Priesthoodsay, if, on the record of eternity, they should findfor having vindicated God and Humanity against theirblasphemy and their ignorance? Such a thing is possible.Before me is a Life of Paine, by G. Vail of NewYork. If the writer of the above would read it, I thinkshe would never allude to him again as she has done. HE IBERATOR I would say to my friend, I have taken long, deepand earnest counsel of the 'inward monitor'; and the'spirit of God' has assured me that a God of justiceand love never required a slave to obey his master, ormen to obey every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake—that he never authorized the buying of men and womenas bondmen and bondwoman that ho never authorizedthe owner to scourge his bondmen and bondmaidsto death with impunity, because they were his'money'—that he never sanctioned polygamy and concubinage,and the massacre of 'infants and suckling,'for the iniquity of their ancestors—that he never instigatedhuman beings to revengeful, aggressive, and exterminatingwars. The spirit of God in my own soulhas taught me this. I would ask my friend, Has notthe spirit of God in your soul taught you the same? As to the friends of the slave, who are they? Thosewho deny that God ever sanctioned war or slavery, orthe slaughter of men, women and children, and buyingof them as bondmen and bond maids, or those who sayhe has, and may do so again? There can be no greaterobstacle to peace, than to admit that God once sanctionedwar; and they are the most formidable enemies ofanti-slavery, who say that God authorized the buyingand selling of men and women as bondmen and bondmaids,and that be requires slaves to obey their masters,and subjects to obey their rulers. friends of the slave The Bible the charter of liberty to the Americanslave! Alas! it has been made the very citadel of protectionto the oppressor, and of wrong and outrage tothe oppressed. Nothing has so conduced to rivet endperpetuate the chains of the slave as the Bible—as itexists in the minds of the American people. So far asmy convictions are concerned, it matters not what Mosesor Jesus said on slavery or war. So for as my right tolife and liberty is concerned, I will submit the questionto no authority, tribunal, or being out of my own soulI know that man, or being, or church, or government,sins against Nature and Nature's God, who assumesover me, or any human being, THE RIGHT TO SAY WHATI SHALL DO, AND TO KILL ME IF I DISOBEY—the foundationof all slavery and war, and all governments of violenceand blood. as itexists in the minds of the American people. Yes, dear friend, I have long listened to the voice ofGod in the depths of my own soul; I have forever ceasedto listen to that voice, when, as it is said, it speaksin some other soul or book. Moses and the prophets,and Jesus and the Apostles, had a measure of thespirit of God for themselves; not for me, nor foryou, nor for the slave, nor for the slaveholder. Eachone has it for himself and herself, in every age andnation. I thank you kindly for your earnest and friendlyprompting. I will go on to 'take counsel of the inwardmonitor and of the spirit of God' in my soul,not in any book, nor in the soul of Moses, or Jesus, norof any other. To God in my soul, and in nothingelse, will I give heed. Him will I follow, as he is revealedin my own soul. As I listen to Him there, heassures me he never authorized man to perpetrate anykind of outrage upon man. As I listen to what is calledthe voice of God, as he speaks in some parts of theBible, do I learn this? Do I learn that polygamy, oppressionand war were never sanctioned? Judge ye. measure my HENRY C. WRIGHT. 

 ROSE DALE, near Alleghany City, Penn.,March 3 1853.} OSE ALE DEAR FRIEND GARRISON—I send you my subscriptionfor the past year, though I did not, in consequenceof the postmaster officially returning my paper, get itfrom November, 1851, to May, 1852. Would that Icould send you ten times the amount; it would then bebut an atom compared with the magnitude of the holyenterprise in which you are engaged. THE LIBERATOR,my old friend, I have tried and proved for twenty years.It is therefore always a welcome visitor, though with allthe sentiments therein I do not accord, any more thanyourself. But tenth has nothing to fear, from discussion,in an honest mind, who seeks only* to know anddo the will of God. Though my religious sentiments arechiefly what the world calls Orthodox, (a term, by theby, becoming hateful from the support that that party,especially, in this country, too much gives to 'the sumof all villanies,') yet I am for free discussion on allmoral questions; being satisfied, that our heavenly Fatherwould prefer honest error rather than hypocriticalorthodoxy; and so I do, from my inmost soul. Buthow am I to test hypocritical orthodoxy? It is manifestin the man, who, while he professes to receive the lawof Christ, i. e., 'Whatsoever ye would that men shoulddo to you, do ye even so to them,' is at the same timefearing the consequences of preaching and applying thisto all men; the man who loves the union of theseStates (cemented as they are with the soul's blood of thehunted slave) better than he loves the rights and happinessof the poor victim torn with bloodhounds; theman who loves pseudo-Christian churches, the bulwarkof slavery, better than the law of love; the reverendfence-riders, who, for belly's sake, ('whose god is theirbelly',) preach to suit their audience and their latitude,rather than, for conscience's sake, declare thewhole counsel of God, and leave the issue in his hands.Such men I am bound, on every principle of commonsense, to consider chargeable with infidelity or hypocrisyof the worst kind. EAR RIEND ARRISON HE IBERATOR consequences all Slavery is the most malignant, diabolical and exterminatingsystem or warfare; and, therefore, the followinglines of Southey, written before be was PoetLaureate, apply with greater force to the abettors of slaverythan to war:— before ——'But that the priest, with solemn mockery,And monstrous faith, should call en God to leadHis armies forth, to desolate and kill,And over the red banners of the war,Even in the blessed name of Jesus, pourPrayers of bloodier hate than ever roseAt Odin's altar!       ———This is meet foul,Most rank, meet blasphemous idolatry!And better were it for those wretched men,With infant victims to have fed the fireOf Moloch, in that hour when they shall callUpon the hills and rocks to cover them!      While, in honesty, we are bound to call every actionby its appropriate name, it seems to me that pitytowards those who perpetrate or sustain the abominationsof our land ignorantly, is the proper Christianfeeling; and towards those who do such things wilfully,the deepest commizeration; for they are their own bitterestenemies, and are 'heaping up wrath against theday of wrath.' They now receive what are calledtheir good things, and the poor negroes their evilthings; hat the reverse will take place by and by! pity ignorantly wilfully If it be true, that when the spirit leaves the body,kindred spirits here will be kindred spirits in the spiritworld, and associate in their own appropriate sphere,are we to suppose that the 'Reverend' Dr. D. and S.and R., Bishop M. and T. will commingle with theslave-dealers, drivers and catchers, whose professionthey now sustain, as hail follows? Or will the farmerloath their co-workers, and wrap themselves in theirrobes of dignity? Eternity will answer these questions.One thing we do know, 'If any man have not the spiritof Christ, he is none of his.' spiritof Christ In the last LIBERATOR, I have read, with much pleasure,the manly and truthful letter of F.W. Chesson;and nets, especially, his remarks on the course taken byDr. Campbell in the British Banner. For years, fromthe commencement of that paper, I could not but lamentever its unhallowed course. With an intellectnearly equal to Webster's, as a profound minister ofChrist, I consider him very little better. The Bannerhas been guided by a mind rash, resentful, and violent with, occasionally, a petty meanness, that shows hisutter unfitness to form the mind of others, on the trueChristian model; and no better evidence of this thanhis affinity with such a paper as the New YorkObserver! Well, 'Uncle Tom' is about teaching the world;and if Dr. Campbell refuses to learn of him, he willsoon find his own level. IBERATOR minister ofChrist Banner such New YorkObserver! of him Your friend, HENRY C. HOWELLS. 

 MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON I am glad to find that the advocates of the Bible areunable to frighten, with their 'pious' threats and denunciations,THE LIBERATOR from the true and manlyposition, that both sides of every subject (religion notexcepted) may have a fair and impartial hearing in itscolumns. It is, however, nothing new or surprisingfor religion to shrink from investigation, or for its advocatesto denounce and persecute those bold and manlyseekers after truth, who insist upon bringing it inconnection with light. Truth, like gold, shines brightestin the brightest light; white error is the more hideous.Truth courts investigation; error trembles atthe thought Truth reveals Us purity the more it isrubbed; while error the more exposes its deformity androttenness. Therefore, any system that fears examination,thereby manifests its own error; while those whodenounce the investigation, openly declare themselvesfools or knaves. If those who have ordered THE LIBERATOstepped, because in its columns HENRY C.WRIGHT and JOSEPH BARLER'S honest sentimentswere made known, consider this too harsh, I may try tosoften it a little for their especial accommodation. Iam an Infidel; and Christians have my hearty consentto discuss the 'horrible doctrines of Infidelity 'in everypaper in Christendom, and all I ask is, that thosewishing shall have the opportunity to reply. But theydare not do it, for reasons above mentioned. HE IBERATOR both sides of every subject may have a fair and impartial hearing in itscolumns. any system that fears examination,thereby manifests its own error; HE IBERATO ENRY RIGHT OSEPH ARLER'S I know there are some honest Christians (but thatdoes not prove the system true;) and I know there aresome dishonest Infidels (nor does that prove the systemfalse). But, Mr. GARRISON, I want to ask you a question,though perhaps you have not been much acquaintedwith Infidels and their writings:—Did you everknow an Infidel, either in writing or in conversation,so destitute of good manners as to speak of the ChristianWriters as St. Mat, St. Jack, St. Tom or Jo or Tim?And how do Christians speak of THOMAS PAINE? Yetwho has labored more for Human Freedom than ThomasPaine, whom Christians have so belied, slandered andabused, both in life and death, and of whom they knowso little? Who, indeed, before the 'AUTHOR HERO OFTHE REVOLUTION,' wrote against the slavery of the Africansin this country? Benjamin Rush says, in a letterwritten July 17, 1809—'About the year 1775, Iread a short essay, with which I was much pleased, inone of Bradford's papers, against the slavery of the Africansin our country, and which I was informed waswritten by Thomas Paine. This excited my curiosity tobe better acquainted with him. We met soon afterwardsat Mr. Aitken's bookstore, where I did homage to hisprinciples and his pen, on the subject of the enslavedAfricans. He told me it was the first piece be had everpublished here.' ARRISON HOMAS AINE UTHOR ERO OFTHE EVOLUTION If Christians would make themselves acquainted withthe character and writings, of Thomas Paine, theywould, if honest, repent of their abuse of him. Noman has done more for Freedom in this nation, thougha degenerate, oppressive, and blood-stained governmenthas exerted all its powers to drive her from the continent;and, strange to say, some of the professed followersof Thomas Paine are its firmest supporters anddefenders, and have tried to atop the mouths of thosewho would raise their voice for freedom for all mankind.And the publisher of the Boston Investigator, a professedly'free paper,' is among that class, as I will showin another communication, if you will give me leave.But I must close. Investigator Mr. Garrison, you have my warmest sympathy in thecause in which you are engaged; for I, too, while I live,shall battle in that cause. This I can do in a weak way,though far from you. I breathe the free air of theprairie, between Cedar and Wapsipinicon rivers, andwhile I breathe that, I will endeavor to speak my freethoughts. Yours, for the downfall of slavery, and every institutionthat sanctions and sustains it, MATTHEW FARRINGTON. Nautrille, Bremer Co., Iowa, Feb. 14,1868. 

 Rev. W.I. BUDINGTON, of the First CongregationalChurch in Charlestown, Mass., has preached and printeda sermon entitled 'Our Puritan Fathers our Glory.'The bare appellation of the discourse is so suggestive,that I shall find in that phrase alone sufficient topics ofremark for one article. UDINGTON Our Puritan Fathers our Glory. This sermon was preached at the dedication of achurch edifice that had been rebuilt in 1852, by thesociety of which Me, B. is pastor. It is reported to bea very splendid and luxurious concern in its internalarrangements, while as to externals, its arched windowsand gilded cross are calculated to gratify the 'pride ofthe eye' more perfectly than the outside fixtures ofany other synagogue in town. Next to the 'Puritanfathers,' Mr. B. and his flock doubtiem take 'glory' intheir showy meeting-house. Some fifteen months since, before this church was rebuilt,I attended a meeting in H where discussion washad upon the religious condition of the poor, and aMinister at Large laid before the audience a mass offacts which he had gleaned in the highways and bywaysof the city. These facts were both painful to hear anddisgraceful to think upon, in view of the money andeffort lavished to cut a swell in meeting-houses roundabout us. Many of the speaker* confessed the delinquencyof the pretended disciples of Him who 'cameto seek and to save that which was lost,' and seeminglymost penitent among these confessors of delinquencystood up Mr. Budington himself. One would havethought to hear such melancholy details of the impiety.ignorance, want, degradation and suffering In existenceright under the shadow of half-a-dozen steeples, and tohear, furthermore, the stirring appeals and good resolvespromulgated by many an animated speaker, thatstrenuous efforts would immediately be made to distributegroceries and gospel truth, shirts and sympathyamong those perishing children of God. That wouldhave seemed to be a true Christian method of gaining'glory' patterned upon the life and teachings of theGalilean carpenter's son. Yet those stirring appealshad no permanent effect, and those good resolves boreno substantial fruit During half of the year 1852, noMinister at Large was sustained in Charlestown, andthe one who is now employed receives not one-tenth thepay for doing proper ministerial work, that the squadof 'evangelical' parsons receive for reading stupidtheological lectures. Tea months, since, tin FirstCongregational Church of Charlestown voted, in substanceif not in form, to let the perishing children of Godamong them grope on in their darkness and' die intheir sins;' so it passed them by on the ether side,hurried off to Vanity Fair, and bargained for some visibleand earth-born 'glory,' in the shape of a magnificenthouse of worship, a superbly-toned organ, and asteeple, which, if it originated wherestates, should have had that origin indicated by beingbuilt like ante a decanter surmounted with a pair ofcrossed toddy-sticks. Expense of the whole ecclesiasticalshow-box and rigging, $18,000! That Is it strange that, after such a departure from acknowledgedduty, Mr. Budington should feel it necessaryto borrow a little 'glory' from a past generationof men, to avoid the consciousness of mean and faithlessbehavior? How can be and his society experiencereal gratification in their dainty and flaunting 'templeto the Lord,' when they know He asks 'mercy andnot sacrifice,' and commands them to visit and carryblessings to the dirt and freezing hovels of the 'Lord'slittle ones'? The shame of neglecting this great outwardduty of Christianity must be covered up, somehow; and to no crew of notorious characters in theworld's history could a slave-catching, rum-tinctured,hunker-ridden corporation of this day so well go tobarrow 'glory' as to the Puritanic Indian-shooters,Negro-stealer's, Quaker-floggers, Baptist-banishers, andwitch-hangers of two centuries ago. The barbarous'glory' of those old 'coves' is very faithfully reflected,in several leading beams, by the churches whichlove to laud them to the skies. He I will not deny that the Puritans had decided merits—theyfostered education, stimulated industry, encouragedself-reliance, and so planted the seeds of ultimatefree government; but they had likewise greatfaults, and, testing their whole conduct by the highestprecepts of the Book which they pretended to obey,I think their fund of 'glory' would not suffice to impartany honorable 'shine' to a vast number of theirown deeds. How, then, could they be regarded as having'glory' to lend?—unless, as remarked above, thelurid and unnatural glare of their persecuting, exterminatingpolicy finds a true mirror where from its raysare cast in the compromising, fashion-loving churchesthat stand across the track of every reform. 

 At a meeting of the friends of the anti-slavery cause,held in the Town Hall, Fall River, March 18,1858, thefollowing resolutions were adopted, and a vote passedthat they be offered for publication in the papers of thevillage, and in THE LIBERATO. HE IBERATO. The last resolution was called forth by some remarkscontained in a lecture, delivered by one of our clergymenbefore the Athenmum, on the 'Mission of America,'in which he said that our success in self-government,and the security of our individual rights, wassuch as to make us a spectacle to angels and to men,and one which disturbed the oppressors of the oldworld, &c. J. Whereas, men who profess it is peculiarly their officeand duty to speak truth to the people, have seenproper to assail the character of our meetings, denouncingus as Sabbath-breakers and infidels, and as violatingGod's commands as to who shall and who shall notbe public teachers and speakers; and whereas, we desireno concealment of our real principles and motives,even hoping that those who are now arrayed againstus may speedily repent of the many sins they havecommitted and are now committing against the slave,and take up earnestly and consistently the laboring oarin his behalf; therefore. Resolved, That those who assert that we profane theSabbath day, in using it as we do to plead the cause ofthe slave, to' infuse into the public mind those greatprinciples of liberty, of justice, and of human brotherhood,without which religion and government are powerlessfor good, may find a prototype of themselves inthe Pharisees of old, who wished to destroy Jesus forhealing in the synagogue on the Sabbath day. Resolved, That our infidelity, as abolitionists, doesnot consist merely in speaking a few words of sympathyoccasionally for the slave, and all the while throwingthe mantle of religious and political brotherhoodaround his oppressors, as does the American Church;neither does it consist in defending slavery, or the iniquitouslaws designed for its security, as approved ofGod, and demanding the obedience oi men, as do manyDoctors of Divinity, and prominent ministers in theAmerican church—men who, notwithstanding they 'Torture the pages of the hallowed Bible,To sanction crime, and robbery, and blood,And, in Oppression's hateful service, libelBoth man and God,'    are still regarded as the lights of the church, and theteachers and expounders, of its doctrines;—but rather,that our infidelity does consist in appealing to the religiousand humane sentiments of the people in behalf ofthe oppressed; in proclaiming and vindicating thathigher law, 'Whose tables in the heart are set'; in calling upon all who reverence God and acknowledgethe claims of human brotherhood to labor earnestly for-the redemption of the slave, and to free themselvesfrom all participation in his oppression; in strippingoff the mask which a pro-slavery religion or heartlesscustom may have thrown round the oppressor, and holdinghim and his apologist up to the world as violatorsof the cardinal principles of Christianity, and the greatestenemies of the rights of man. Resolved, That the attempt of one human being todictate to another, who is equally responsible to Godfor the use made of his or her capacities and powers,in what manner and under what special restrictions andlimitations those capacities and powers shall be used inthe cause of truth and humanity, whether done in thename of religion, or under some toss specious covering,is a flagrant infringement of personal freedom, and apractical denial of each individual's moral accountabilityto God. Resolved, That whatever may have been the designsof Providence in permitting as to become a separate nation,in our present position, professing, as we do, tobelieve in the inalienable rights of man—boasting ofour love of liberty and our sympathy with the oppressedthe wide world over, while every sixth man, womanand child in ear nation is a slave.—the tyrantmaster regarded as a Christian brother, and not a footof our extended territory where he may not legallypursue his victim, and drag him back to bondage, weare a spectacle to angels and to men which may wellprovoke the scorn and derision of the tyrants of Europe,and enable them to grasp still mere complacentlyand firmly the red of despotic power. territory 

 The practice of theological newspapers to rely onauthority rather than reason is well illustrated by asentence in the Puritan Recorder of 17th ult. Theeditor informs his readers, that the British ministershave taken up in earnest the case of the persecutedMadiai; that their case came up in Parliament, andthat Lord John Russell and Lord Palmerston spoke withgrant power in their favor, perfectly annihilating thearguers on the other aide. After which the editor adds—' But the arguments of Russell or Palmerston are oflittle value, compared with the moral force, which willgo out from the noble spirit which they exhibited.' Inanother column, the New York correspondent of thePuritan Recorder says,— Puritan Recorder arguments Puritan Recorder 'The 'Prison Discipline Association' held its Anniversarythis week, in Metropolitan Hall. This SocietyIs irrecoverable in the hands of the 'Woman's Rights'patty, and two of its speakers were infidel women.' If we could but get access to a file of the JerusalemRecorder, of the period when the road between Jerusalemand Jericho was so much infested by thieves, I amconfident we should find a communication signed'Priest,' or 'Levite,' accusing the Good Samaritan ofbeing an infidel. It is singular, to say the least, thatinfidels should be more assiduous than thorn who 'profess'to be Christians, in doing the very thing whichJesus, (in his parable of the last judgment,) declaredthe chief requisite for admission to heaven, namely,visiting this prisoner and relieving the distressed! Evenmore singular is the innocent simplicity with which thePriestly and Levitical tribe (is not 'Levite' Hebrew for'Deacon'?) read from time to time the story of thegood Samaritan, and the rebuke of John for forbiddingthe miracle-worker who followed not with him, and theexpress declaration, 'Not everyone that saith unto me,Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, buthe who death the will of my Father '—without perceivingthe bearing of all these against themselves. Butthe most singular thing of all is that the great mass ofour community, with the Bible in their hands, and thepower of reading it, and the amount of culture of thereasoning faculty which they possess, should still value'profession' more highly than principle and practice,and should regard those whose trade is to cry 'Lord,Lord, us the chief exponents of Christianity.—C.K.W. JerusalemRecorder followed not with him 

 Engraved (by permission) from Stuart's ONLY originalPortrait, in the Athenaeum, Boston. Engraved (by permission) from Stuart's ONLY originalPortrait, in the Athenaeum, Boston. THIS superb picture, engraved under the superintendenceof THOMAS SULLY, Esq., the eminent and highly-gifted artist, is the only correct likeness ofas the greatest work of art ever produced in this country.As to its fidelity, we refer to the lesser of theadopted son of Washington, GEROGE WASHINGTONSPARK CUSTIS, who says, 'it is a faithful reprensentationof the celebrated original,' and to CHIEF JUSTICETANEY, of the Supreme Court of the United States,who says, 'As a work of art, its excellence and beautymust strike every one who sees it; and it is no less happyin its likeness to the Father of his Country. It wasmy good fortune to have seen him in the days of mypressed on my memory. The portrait you have issuedfectly the expression as well as the form and features ofthe face.' And says SENATOR CASS. 'it is a lifelike representation of the great origina.'  PRESIDENTFILLMORE says, the work appears to me to have been admirably executed, and eminently worthy of the patronageof the public.'  Says MARCHANT, the eminentportrait painter, and the pupil of Stuart. Yourprint, to my mind, is more remarkable than any otherI have seen, for presenting the whole individuality of therepose of air and manner, which all who ever saw himconsidered a marked characteristic of the illustrativeman it commemorates.' it is a lifelike representation of the great origina.' eminently whole For the great merits of this picture, we would referevery lover of Washington to the portrait itself, to beseen at the office of this paper, and to the letters of thefollowing Artists, Statesmen, Jurists and Scholars accompanyingit. ARTISTS—Marchant and Elliotts of New York,Neagle, Rothermel and Lambkin, of Philadelphia; ChesterHarding, of Boston; Charles Fraser, of Charlestown, S.C.; and to the adopted son of Washington, Hon.George W.P. Custis, himself an artist.  STATESMEN—His Excellency Millard Fillmore, Major Geneneral Winfield Scott, Hon. George M. Dallas, Hon. WilliamR. King, Hon. Wm. A. Graham, Hon. John P. Kennedy, Hon. R.C. Winthrop, LL.D. JURISTS—JURISTS Hon.Roger B. Taney, Hon. John Duer, Hon. John McLean, Hon. Rufus Choate. SCHOLARS—Charles FelsmEsq., the well known Librarian of the Boston Athenaeum,who says, 'I would rather own it than any paintedcopy I have ever seen;' Edwin P. Whipple, RichardHildreth, Hon. Edward Everett, LL.D., Wm. H. Prescott,LL.D., Washington Irving, Ralph W. Emerson,Esq., Prof. T.C. Upham, J.T. Headley, Fita GreesHalleck, H.W. Longfellow, Wm. Gilmore Simms, andFROM EUROPE, Lord Talfound, T.B. Machauler. S.Archibald Alison, Lord Mayor of London, &c. &c. &c.THE PRESS throughout the entire Union have, withone voice, proclaimed the merits of this superb engraving. To enable all to possess this valuable treasure, it issold at the low price of $5 per copy. Published by GEORGE W. CHILDS, N.W. Corner of Fifth and Arch streets,PHILADELPHIA. N.W. Corner of Fifth and Arch streets ADDISON BANCROFT, Sole Agent for the NewEngland States. Sole This Portrait can only be obtained from Mr. BANCROFT,or from his duty authorized agents. Arrangements have been made with the Post OfficeDepartment, by which copies of the Portrait can besent to any point, per Mail, in perfect order. ☞Persons, by remitting FIVE DOLLARS to ADDISONBANCROFT, 37 Washington street, Boston, will have a copy of the Portrait sent to them free if Postage. IVE OLLARS free ☞Magnificent Gilt Frames, got up expressly forthese Portraits, furnished at the low price of $5 00each. 

 Engraved by T.B. WELCH, Esq., after the OriginalPortrait painted by T. SULLY, Esq. Engraved by T.B. WELCH, Esq., after the OriginalPortrait painted by T. SULLY, Esq. This Portrait will be a match for the Washington,and is in every respect as well got up. Price, $5 00 per copy. Address as above. 

 AS it is at the Present Day; its Inspiration, Logele&c. ALFRED W. HOAR, Medium. Price, 30 cents. LFRED OAR Just published by BELA MARSH, No. 25 Cornhill March 11. 3m. 

 NARRATIVE OF LEWIS W. PAINE. who sufferedimprisonment six years in Georgia, for the crimeof aiding the escape of a fellow-man form that Stateafter he had fled from slavery. Written by himself.Price, 25 cents. For sale by BELA MARSH, No. 25 Cornhill. January 14. 3m 

 BEING an Exposition of Views respecting the principalFacts, Causes and Peculiarities in Spirit-Manifestation,together with interesting phenomenal statementsand communications. Price, 50 cents. MESSAGES FROM THE SUPERIOR STATE. communicatedby JOHN MURRAY, through J.M. SPEAR.50 cents. OHN URRAY Also—Mr. BINGHAM'S PAMPHLET, entitled FamiliarSpirits and Spiritual Manifestations;' being a series of article by Dr. ENOCH POND, Professor in theBangor Theological Seminary—together with a Reply,by ALBERT BINGHAM. Price, 15 cents. Also NOCH OND LBERT INGHAM. For sale by BELA MARSH, No. 25 Cornhill. January 14. 3m 

 THIS Institution is well arranged for the treatment ofindividuals at all seasons of the years. TERMS, &c.—For full board and treatment, form $5to $10 per week. Treatment without board, fromto $4 per week. ERMS Each patient should furnish one lines and two heavy cotton sheets; two woollen blankets; one comfortable and old linen for bandages. Out door practice attended to as usual. Office hours from 2 to 4, P.M. May 4 ly S. ROGERS. 

 SECOND edition, with an introduction by Wendell Phillips; contributions from Theodore ParkerJohn G. Whittier, and Parker Pillsbury; tributes byLafayette, Kosciusko and Washington; with facts gleaned from authentic military records, fire-side conversations,confirmed by oral and written testimonies of the late Judge Story, Hon. Robert C. Winthrop. Hon. Anson Burlingame, Rev. J.W.C. Pennington, Hon. Hancock, Gov. Eustia, Gen. Jackson, Hon. Tristan Burgess,Hon. Calvin Goddard, Hon. Charles Pinckney, etc. The first edition was favorably noticed by the NewYork Tribune, Rochester Daily American, LiberatorCommonwealth, Boston Bee, Zion's Herald. Christian Watchman, Impartial Citizen, Essex Freeman, FrederickDouglas's Paper, and Salem Gazette. Copy-right secured according to law. For sale at 21 Cornhill. Price 15 cents, single Nov. 12. tf 

 BOSTON. EVERY variety of Costs, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Bosoms,Collars, Cravats; Carpet Bags, Trrunks andGentlemen's Furnishing Goods in general; a good assortmentof fashionable Hats and Caps, &c. &c. &c., sellingat the lowest rates. LEWIS HAYDEN 

 THIS Industrial and Educational Association will commence operations on their domain, near PERRYAMBOY, N.J., early this spring. Good, intelligent mechanics, desirous of conducting business on rationsprinciples of mutual cooperation, in a health, delightfullocation, may here find a situation where they maysecure good society, the economies of associated life,and superior business advantages. Carpenters andmasons may find immediate employment in constructing the buildings of the Association. Address C. O READNew York, or GEO.B. ARNOLD, Perth Amboy, N.J. March 11. 

