 ☞The last No. of our last volume, (Dec. 28th,1855,) and the first No. of the present volume, (Jan.4th, 1856.) Our friends who have these numbers tospare, will greatly oblige us by sending them to thisoffice, directed 'Liberator, 21 Cornhill.' 

 To CORRESPONDENTS. J.R. L's letter, relating toMiss HILLEY'S meeting in Connectit, is received andWill appear next week. ORRESPONDENTS. ILLEY'S  E.D. Scarborough, Maine. Letter received, andwill receive early attention. Mr. GARRISON is absent from Boston this week, forthe purpose of lecturing at Bangor, Maine, and placesin that viintly. He has received M.A. .'s letter fromBristol, England, and will take early notice of the . ARRISON    

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ERMS ☞Five copies will be cent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements making less than one square invertedthree times for 75 cents—one square for 1 00.  ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania and Ohio Anti-Slavery Society are authorizedto receive subscriptions for the Liberator. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of the debtsof the paper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLIS GRAYLING, EDMUND QULNCY, SAMUEL, PHILBRICK. andWENDELL PHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON LLIS RAY ING  DMUND ULNCY AMUEL HILBRICK. ENDELL HILLIPS. ☞ columns of THE LIBERATOR, both sides ofevery question are impartially allowed a hearing.  HE IBERATOR 

 ☞The following petitions tell their own story.They ought to be signed by every man and woman inthe State. Will our friends in the various to was pleasesee to it that every one  dispd has an opportunityto sign them? the papers may be returned to SAMUELMAY, Jr.,21 Cornhill.   AMUEL AY To the House of Representation of the United Statesof America: To the House of Representation of the United Statesof America: The undersigned, inhabitants of the Stateof Massachusetts, respectfully ask for, the impeachmentof Judge Kane, of the Tenth District,for his atrocious ruling and action in the case ofPaamore Williamson.  To the Senate and House of Representation of theCommonwealth of Massachusetts: To the Senate and House of Representation of theCommonwealth of Massachusetts: We the undersigned, inhabitants of Massachusetts,respectfully protest against the repeal ofthat law of the Commonwealth which gives to juriesthe right to judge of the law as well as thefact, entitled, 'An Act concerning the duties andrights of jurors.' 

  U.S. CONSTITUTION IS 'A COVENANT WITH DEATHAND AN  WITH '    ☞'Yes! IT CANNOT BE —the slaveholdinglords of the South prescribed, as a condition of their to the Constitution, three special provisions TO THE  OF THEIR INION OVER THEIRSLAVES. The first was the immunity, for twenty years,of preserving the African slave trade; the second wasTHE STIPULATION TO SURRENDER FUGITIVE SLAVES—allengagement positively prohibited by the laws of God,delivered from ; and, thirdly, the exaction, fatalto the principles of popular representation, of a representationfor SLAVES—for articles of merchandise, underthe name of persons . . . . in fact, the oppressor representingthe oppressed! . . . To call government thus constituteda democracy, is to insult the understanding ofmankind. It is doubly tainted with the infection ofriches and slavery. Its reciprocal operation upon thegovernment of the nation is to establish an artificial,majority in the slave representation over that of thefree people, in the American Congress; AND TO MAKE THE PRESERVATION, PROPAGATION AND PERFETUTIONOF SLAVERY THE VITAL AND ANIMATING SPIRITOF THE NATIONAL GOVERNMENT'—John Quincy Adams.        John Quincy Adams. 

 STAMPEDS OF SLAVES — HORRIBLE DOUMENT.—Cincinnati, Jan. 28. A stampede of slaves from theborder counties of Kentucky took place last night.The whereabouts of several of the fugitives having beendiscovered here, officers at noon to-day proceeded tomake arrests. Upon approaching the house where theslaves were secreted, the latter fired, wounding two orthree spectators, but not seriously. One slave woman,finding escape impossible, cut the threats of her children,killing one instantly, and severely wounding twoothers. Six of the fugitives were apprehended, butit is said that eight escaped. TAMPEDS LAVES ORRIBLE OUMENT.   Cincinnati, Jan. We take the above from the Daily Journal, the paperwhich so much delights in union with slaveholders,and is so greatly pleased at learning that the Disunionsentiments is losing ground with the people. Whathonest man or woman can repress emotion on hearingof such cases as the above, or can fail to cry out for atotal separation from the dors of such abominations! Daily Journal  

 Another of the disastrous consequences of uncalled forreference with the institutions of othercommunities, appears in the recent action of theCherokee Territorial Legislature. For a long seriesof years, while the missionaries have been permitted,among them and other tribes, to pursuetheir labors undisturbed by foreign influences, apublic sentiment was gradually growing up, whichwas working the removal of slavery from the midstof the Indian tribes. This was the case emphaticallywith the Choctaws and Cherokees. We hadoccasion, last year, repeatedly to speak of the unhappyresults that were transpiring in the midstof the Choctaw people. There we saw stringentlegislation calculated to retard the progress ofemancipation, and to shut out, as for as law couldeffect it, the influence of religious education fromthe minds of the children of the black population.Now we have occasion to record measures in thesame direction pursued by the legislature of thetheir kees. It seems to no impossible for any candid man todoubt, that if the missionary labors among thispeople had been suffered to be pursued withoutreference, and they had been allowed, accordingto the light of the Word of God, and their ownread judgment, to adopt those measures and topresent those views of truth which appeared tothem best fitted to promote the glory of God, andthe highest interests of the semi-civilized peoplesamong whom they were called to labor,—that thecondition of the few slaves among the Indianswould have been gradually ameliorated, and thatthe evil of slavery would have been removed assoon as was consistent with the best interests ofall concerned. When, therefore, we find thatLegislation among these tribes is taking anothercorrection, and is looking to the perpetuity ratherthan to the removal of the system of slavery, it isimpossible for us, and we think it equally impossiblefor any others concerned, to point to anycauses for the unhappy retrogression, except in thejudicious attempt of those who endeavored tohasten results which cannot be precipitated withoutdisaster. Therefore, however much we regret that the Indianatribes should employ their early legislation tooppose the elevation of those under their power,we feel that they are not so much to blame as themen whose rash counsels have instigated the Indianato such opposition. The following act was lately introduced into theirTerritorial Legislature, and was passed, but weare happy to learn that it did not become a law,having been vetoed by the chief.  Whereas, The Cherokee people are, and havebeen for many years, a slaveholding people: andwhereas the Constitution and Laws of the CherokeeNation recognize the Institution of Slavery,introduced and taught by their preceptors, thewhites; and whereas, some of the missionarychurches now situate in this Nation have expelledsome of our Cherokee citizens from the participatesof church privileges, because they refused toemancipate their slaves, and others have beenthreatened with expulsion; and whereas, the Cherokeepeople, deeply impressed with a feeling of gratitudetowards the name missionaries, for the countlessand manifold blessings which they have beenstowed upon them, would not extend to them anycivilities unbecoming to Christian people, butwould rather, as they value the stability of theirlocal institutions, indispensable to their prosperityas a nation, extend to them the cordial hand offriendship, consistent with their own national interests— Be it enacted by the National Council, That theCherokees have claimed for many years past, andto whom at present, to be a slaveholding people ina Christian-like spirit. Be it enacted by the National Council Be it further enacted, That the principal Chiefbe, and he is hereby, authorized to open a communicationwith the different Boards of Missions havingstations in this Nation, touching upon the instructionof slavery as a church principle, and reportthe said communication to the next Council. Be it further enacted Be it further enacted, That it shall be unlawfulfor any missionary to counsel or advise any slave,any way whatever, to the detriment of his owneror owners, under a penalty of being removed outof the limits of this Nation; and it is hereby madethe duty of the solicitor of each district, to reportall missionaries so offending to the agent, who ishereby requested to place them beyond the limitsof our Nation Be it further enacted Be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawfulfor any citizen of this Nation to advise or counselany slave to the prejudice of his owner or owners,and any person so offending, upon conviction beforeany of the District Courts, shall be required topay a fine of not less than twenty-five not exceedingone hundred dollars, at discretion of theCourt, for the benefit of the injured person. Be it further enacted Be it further enacted, That it is hereby made unlawfulfor the superintendent of Public schools toemploy or continue as teacher, in any public schoolof this Nation, any person known to be an abolitionist,or whose influence is opposed to the interestof the slaveholders. Be it further enacted Be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawfulfor the National Treasurer to issue a permit to anyknown abolitionist. Be it further enacted 

 MARRIED—At Henrietta, N.Y., Jan. 24. by JOSEPHBROWN, Esq., the father of the bride, SAMUEL C.BLACKWELL, of Cincinnati, and Rev. ANTOINETTS L.BROWN, of New York. OSEPH ROWN AMUEL LACKWELL NTOINETTS ROWN ☞Many friends of Miss Brown will be interestedto learn, that the gentleman with whom she has connectedherself in marriage is a brother of the husbandof Lucy Stone Blackwell. We heartily wish bath partiesto this new connexion many days of the fullesthappiness which any human relation can know. In Perrinton, N.Y., Nov. 15, by a ceremony of theirown, ALBERT C. FISH, of Rochester, and LUCY A. SIMPSONof Perrinton. LBERT ISH UCY IMPSON 

 The New Haven Register publishes the followingextract from a private from a lady (formerlyof New Haven county,) for the last five years aresident of Western Missouri, (as principal of anacademy,) to her brother in New Haven, dated Register 'MIAMI, Saline Co., Nov. 26. 1855. IAMI You ask me to tell you something about the Kansasand Missouri troubles. Of course, You knowin what they have originated. There is no denyingbut what the Missourians have determined to controlthe elections, if possible; and I don't knowthat their measures would be justifiable, exceptupon the principle of self-preservation; and that,you know, is the first law of nature. They certainlyhad just as good a right to go there and vote,as the abolition party at the north had to send theirminions by the hundreds and thousands, who hadno other business there. Had the question beenleft to be decided by the actual settlers of the territory.Missouri would never have interfered. However,it was not upon the right or wrong of thequestion, that I intended to say anything; butupon the character of those whom the northernpress has assailed with all the opprobrious epithetsthat could be thought of. I know, either personallyor by report, a large majority of the man whohave been in these expeditions from Lafayette andSaline counties, end presume they may be regardedas a tolerable fair sample of the balance; andI do assure you that they are the very best portionof society, and as good men and true as can befound in any portion of our country—men distinguishedfor character and integrity, and everyvirtue that renders a man a valuable, citizen.(!)Many of them are professors of religion, and of unblemishedChristian character.(!!) Such I know tobe a large proportion of the leaders of these expeditions.These are the men whom the northernpress stigmatize as "String fellow's myrmidons,""cut-throats," "ruffians," "rowdies," and thelike. Many of them are professors of religion, and of unblemishedChristian character. know That there are some wild, hot-headed young fellowsamong them is likely, and to be expected;but such as I have described to you, so far as myknowledge extends, is the character of those whohave determined to meet the aggressions of theabolitionists, in defence of what they regard astheir rights; and were you here, I think you wouldbid them "God speed."' 

 DIED—At East Greenwich, R. L, JOHN BROWN,Esq., aged 78 years. OHN ROWN ☞In a letter from the daughter of our deceasedfriend, whose early and long-extended, interest in theAnti-Slavery cause we shall ever remember with pleasureand gratitude, she says—'I am not sure that ourdear father enjoyed a personal acquaintance withyourself, but there are many readers of THE LIBERATORto whom his memory will be familiar. He was for severalyears President of the Rhode Island State Anti-SlaverySociety, having from the birth of the Anti-Slaveryenterprise felt the sincerest interest in its success.The cheerfulness with which he welcomed to his homethe advocates of the cause, at a time when it requiredmoral courage to be an Abolitionist, will be green inthe remembrance of not a few. Such will sympathieswith us in our bereavement, and rejoice with us that he"sleeps well," where the "slave is free from his master."' HE IBERATOR In Northampton, Jan. 22, of congestion of the lungs,Miss LUCETTA UPHAM, daughter of George and MarthaUpham, of Brookfield, aged 40 yeas. UCETTA PHAM 

 A bill has recently been introduced into onehouse of the Legislature of Georgia, for the purposeof colonizing Kansas with pro-slavery men.The Richmond Enquirer last summer contained anelaborate article, and a strong appeal to the youngmen of Virginia, exhorting twenty thousand ofthem to enlist for two years for the purpose of goingto Kansas, and fixing the destiny of that newterritory in favor of slavery. And recently thereappeared in the Columbus (Ga.) Times the followingarticle:— Enquirer Times  I wish to raise 300 industrious, sober, discreet,reliable men, capable of hearing arms; not proneto use them wickedly or unnecessarily, but willingto protect their section on every real emergency. Idesire to start with them for Kansas by the 20th ofFebruary next. To such I will guaranty the donationof a homestead of forty acres of first-rateland, a free passage to Kansas, and the means ofsupport for the first year. To ministers of thegospel, mechanics, and those with good military oragricultural outfits, I will offer greater inducements.Besides devoting $20,000 of my ownmeans to this enterprise, I expect all those whoknow and have confidence in me, and who feel aninterest in the cause, to contribute as much as theyare able. I will give to each contributor my obligationthat for every fifty dollars so contributed,I will, within six months thereafter, place in Kansasone bona fide settler, able and willing to vote,and fight if need be, for our section, or in defaultof doing so, that I will, on demand, refund thedonation with interest from the day of its receipt.I will keep an account of the obligations so issued,and each successive one shall specify one emigrantmore than its immediate predecessor—thus, No.1shall pledge me to take one emigrant, No.2 two,No.3 three, &c., &c., and if the State makes acontribution, it shall he divided into sums of fiftydollars each, and numbered accordingly. Here isyour cheapest and surest chance to do somethingfor Kansas—something toward holding againstFree Soil hordes this great Thermopyl of Southerninstitutions. In this their day of darkness,nay, of extreme peril, there ought to be, thereneeds must be, great individual sacrifice, or theycannot be maintained. If we cannot find manywho are willing to incur great and equal individualloss in the common cause—if we cannot find somecrazy enough to peril even life in the deadly breach,then it is not because individuals have grown moreprudent and wise, but because public virtue hasdecayed, and thereby we have already become unequalto the successful defense of our rights.  November 26th, 1855. J. BUFORD. 

 ☞W M. WELLS BROWN, an Agent of the MassachusettsA.S. Society, will held meeting  follows:  Table  Table  

 'Until recently, the defence of Slavery has laboredunder great difficulties, because its apologists(for they were mere apologists) took half-waygrounds. 'They confined the defence of Slavery to merenegro Slavery: thereby giving up the Slaveryprinciple, admitting other forms of Slavery to bewrong, and yielding up the authority of the Bible,and of the history, practices, and experience ofmankind. They almost admitted the Bible to befalse, because it ordained, authorized, and enforcedwhite Slavery, which they asserted was morallywrong. Human experience, showing the universalsuccess of slave society, and the universal failureof free society, was unavailable to them, becausethey were precluded from employing it by admittingSlavery in the abstract to be wrong. Thedefence of mere negro Slavery involved them in astill greater difficulty. The laws of all the SouthernStates justified the holding white men inSlavery, provided, through the mother, they weredescended, however remotely, from a negro slave.The bright mulattoes, according to their theory,were wrongfully held in Slavery. 'The line of defence, however, is now changed,and the North is completely cornered, and dumb asan oyster. The South now maintains that Slaveryis right, natural, and necessary. It shows thatall divine, and almost all human, authority justifiesit. The South farther charges, that the littleexperiment of free society in Western Europe hasbeen, from the beginning, a cruel failure, and thatsymptoms of failure are abundant in our North.The abolitionists cannot be provoked to deny thecharge, so overwhelming are the facts, authorities,and admissions, by which it is sustained; nor willthey answer the question, so often put to them,'What have been the results of the experiment offree society?' They are wholly unwilling toinstitute a comparison of the two systems ofsociety, and determine that to be right which butpromotes human well-being, and is justified bymost of human and divine authority. To deal withthe subject in this way would, they know, be tosurrender their cause. They begin to reason, byassuming Slavery to be morally and religiouslywrong; and the South, hitherto, has granted theirpremises, and attempted to justify negro Slaveryas an exception to a general rule, or, if wrong, asa matter of bargain between the North and South.The laws of God and Nature are immutable, andman cannot bargain them away. Whilst it is farmore obvious that negroes should be slaves thanwhites, for they are only fit to labor, not to direct,yet the principle of Slavery is itself right, and doesnot depend on difference of complexion. Differenceof race, of lineage, of language, of habits andcustoms, all tend to render the institution morenatural and durable; and although slaves havebeen generally whites, still the masters and slaveshave generally been of different national decent.Moses and Aristotle, the earliest historians, areboth authorities in favor of this difference of face,but not of color.'—Richmond Examiner. Richmond Examiner. 

 ☞C.C. BURLEIGH, an agent of the Old ColonyAnti-Slavery Society, will lecture as follows:— East Randolph, Friday evening, Feb. .  South Weymoth, Saturday, evening, Feb. 2.  Abington, Town Hall, Sunday, A.M., and P.M., Feb. .  Bridgewater, Town Hall, Sunday evening, Feb, .  In behalf of the Society, LEWIS FORD. 

 There are certain propositions which, for thesake of maintaining the healthy condition of ourown minds, it is best not to debate. Mr. Garrisonacted wisely and well, when he refused to enterthe lists as n disputant with Toomb, Wise andAtchison, to discuss the ethics of slavery. If thecommon sense of the world has not settled, forthese many centuries, the question of the moralpropriety of one man's making a brute and a toolof another, then nothing is settled. If the conscienceand reason of slaveholders themselves havenot sufficiently indicated, in a thousand forms, theirinstinctive judgment against the soul murder,which the successful maintenance of the authorityof a slave master involves and requires, then thereis no conscience and reason left to be the arbitersin such high debate; but the madness and hardnessof utter reprobation have carried them beyondthe reach of logic and expostulation.  It is not argument that the slaveholders andtheir Northern abettors need, but denunciation;because it is not a mistaken opinion, out of whichthey are to be persuaded, but a torpid and asphixiedmoral sense to be roused by sharp and irritantrebuke. To argue in the premises is the grossestmisconception of the whole subject, a mistakewhich no cogency of reasoning can retrieve.While the Christian sentiment of this countrystood meekly arguing for fifty years against therighteousness of slavery, slavery grew and flourished,added new territories to its domains, newmillions to its victims. When Garrison and hiscompeers thundered forth their terrible denunciationagainst it, it began to reel and stagger to itsfall. It was not that he brought to the discussionany new arguments, but because he gave expressionin fit language to the instinctive reprehension ofthe enlightened human soul against such a monstrosityof cruelty and wickedness. It was not amore able essay of an old experiment, it was theinauguration of a new method. Hence its effectiveness,It gave birth to the anti-slavery spirit thathas, at length, almost marshalled the slow massesof the North into face-to-face contest with slavery,and while various organizations, political andecclesiastical, are feebly struggling to accomplishits purposes, and various influences, literary andsocial, are partially interpreting its principles, thisholy faith in freedom rallies the broken organizationsafter their defeat into more powerful combinations,and becomes the central fire that giveswarmth and life to the whole movement. denunciation; There has been a great deal of namby-pambydeprecation of the terms in which the primitiveAbolitionists have clothed their rebukes. This hasbeen even widely indulged in by persons whoseopposition to the iniquity of slaveholding issincere, and whose influence against it has beenconsistent. When the slaveholders have beencalled robbers, man-thieves, pirates, and thesocieties of slaveholders, calling themselves Christians,have been denominated 'Brotherhoods ofThieves,' conservative listeners have been shocked.Quiet people have turned pale with reprehension,and swung themselves out of churches, slammingpew-doors. Weak brethren have turned back, andwalked no more with their uncompromising leaders.The use of such language has been imputed toanger, and considered to be, at the very mildest, inthe worst possible taste. 'Injudicious, fatallyinjudicious! have exclaimed many well-meaningmembers of churches; 'no man was ever convertedby denunciation,' &c., &c., to the end of thechapter. namby-pamby 'Brotherhoods ofThieves,' Now, whether the Abolitionists have, spoken inanger or not is very little to the purpose. If theywere angry, it is an anger which is very becomingto them, and very honorable to our common nature.It is so righteous an anger that the sun might wellbe allowed to go down upon it many times. Butwhile the Abolitionists have been inveighed againstas irate, even to the verge of fanaticism, theyhave only been perplexed because the languagewas so feeble in epithets, with which fully to describetheir indignation against the crimes ofslavery, that kindred crimes, from which they havesometimes ventured to borrow figures of speech,were tame and white beside the fierce and darkenormity. They have been annoyed, that havingcalled a man a slaveholder, such had been the debasementof the popular conscience, that it wasnecessary to prefix adjectives to make the wordabhorrent, or go into a course of argument to refutethe phantasy, that such a man could he a Christian.For such has been the corruption whichthe sorcery of slavery has brought about, that theterm itself has lost its natural repulsiveness, andslaveholder is almost as innocent as merchant,guardian, landlord, or any other name of one ofthe regular and usual offices in civil society—thequality to be known from some adjective, as kindslaveholder, or cruel slaveholder, and not from thecharacter itself. The Abolitionist has been equallyembarrassed in drawing figures of illustration fromother human crimes. Rascal and scoundrel he dismissesas too indefinite, too much hackneyed andsoftened down by the everyday objurgations of thestreet. Your rascal and even your scoundrel isbut a pitiful and occasional rogue, when comparedto the enterprising and stalwart sinner who makesa man a slave. It is infinitely more damaging to ahuman soul to be a slaveholder, than to be a well-developedrascal or scoundrel. Thief is decidedlyweak. A man becomes a thief only upon a singledepredation of a suit of old clothes. It is sheerbathos to help out one's conception of the enormityof making larceny of the man the suit of clothesenvelopes, and of keeping it up, every morning, forfifty years, by calling such a man a thief. Theepithet softens the accusation amazingly. Pirateis better, but no good rhetorician or accuratethinker would use even that, though it is Mr.Gerrit Smith's favorite illustration. The pirateonly murders because murder is necessary to consummateand secure the plunder of his victims: wemay even fancy him doing it with considerablerepugnance and poignancy of conscience—the slaveholdernever stops at murder when the plunder ofa man's person is imperilled by own fugitivenessor the interference of an Abolitionist. Beyondthis, the comparison breaks down with intrinsicimbecility. Civilized people in Christian countriesdo not commit piracy. They do not say familyprayers over piracy. They do not make it offensiveto the very devil, by the cant and drivel of piety.Besides, they do not train their children up to it,and provide for its perspicuity in their wills; butall who do not get hung, shot or drowned, in thecause, seasonably repent. they slaveholder slaveholder kind cruel Rascal scoundrel Thief bathos man thief. Pirate fugitiveness Murderer is more graphic, because the conceptionof one great act of crime is more distinct and impressivethan a series of greater crimes runningthrough a whole life, or interwoven in a status ofsociety. Thus, whom Dr. Webster murdered Dr.Parkman, the whole land was shocked and demandedhis execution; but when Louis Napoleonmurdered the French republicans, it only had thecharacter of a rather rigorous stroke or state,which vindicated the resolution and sagacity ofthe man who did it. Murderer status But slaveholder is in itself, of all terms, the mostoffensive and degrading; and it is probable that,in all coming time, no parricide will arise to' soilthe addition' of the 'Father of his Country,' asJudge Sprague once did, in Fancily Hall, when,pointing to the portrait of Washington, he exclaimed,'The slaveholder!' slaveholder 'The slaveholder!' As to the good taste of these denunciations, thatis a question upon which different opinions may beentertained. It does not seem to us to be in badtaste to speak of three hundred thousand rascalsin the same terms that yon would of one rascal ofthe same grade. If Frederick Douglass were theonly slave in the land, Mr. Thomas Auld wouldnot be treated with greater courtesy by the publicat large. It would require no logic to prove hima wicked and dangerous man. Our good tastewould lead ns rather to spare the small sinners inthe minority, and make the big sinners in themajority smart, if we could. As to how people are converted, the cases on recordare so various that we think it may as wellbe affirmed that no man was ever converted until hewas denounced, as that no man was ever convertedby denunciation, and, in the meantime, that it wasbest to follow the promptings of our own spirits.While slaveholders are fawned upon, courted,mildly and deferentially argued with, they willnever believe that we loathe and despise them.The pro-slavery presses have not been so silent,nor pro-slavery ministers and cotton merchantsso ardent on the side of oppression, that advocatesneed be summoned from the South to put us inpossession of the views that prevail in that region.This is but another form of that folly which hascome to look upon slavery and freedom as twolegitimate interests in the State, each to be protectedand guaranteed within its legitimate sphere.It puts the dispute between anti-slavery and pro-slaveryupon the footing of a mere sectarian discussionabout non-essentials—a discussion inwhich it is only ill-mannered to be in earnest, orto lay aside the forms of courtesy and charity. Toreduce human beings to cattle is a practice,peculiar to tropical regions, and which menengaged in the culture of sugar and cottonnaturally fall into. Not to do so is a hyperboreanprejudice, a mean economy, peculiar to high latitudeand poor soils. The greater part of ourdistinguished statesmen look upon the matter thus.Mr. Webster really never got a deeper insight thanthis of the anti-slavery theory. until hewas denounced, Every speech in Congress, every pamphlet, everyclerical letter, in support of slavery, discloses thisarrant absurdity. Have you your free institutionsin peace, and give us our slavery. Let justice becounterbalanced by injustice—righteousness andwickedness be compromised. Let not God overreachand monopolize, but fairly divide his kingdomwith the devil. you us To debate such propositions, to entertain thembut with abhorrence, is to tamper with humanreason, and solicit it. Thank Heaven, there are afew same men of clear heads and sound hearts, whocannot be seduced to hold parley with the enemiesof the rights of the human race, but take refuse inthe wiser philosophy of the ancient precept—Resistthe devil, and he will free from you. There aremelancholy instances enough at the North of menwhom much learning hath made mad, and whosemadness has developed itself in this very form—menwho, like Dr. Lord, Dr. Spring, Dr. Stuart,have settled down into the dreary atheism of holdingthat God is the author and sustainer of thedevilish villainies of American slavery—men whohave read, and quibbled, and stuck in the bark ofliteral Interpretation, and swayed to the comity ofpious-seeming rascality, till insanity has seizedupon their moral instincts, and they have lost thefaculty of distinguishing right and wrong. Whenmen are enchanted with such sorceries, there is nouse of writing controversial tracts against them.They must be seized by the shoulder, and roughlyshaken by public ridicule, and earnest voicesmust shout in their ears, Madman! Fool! Resistthe devil, and he will free from you. Madman! Fool! 

 ☞ANDREW T. FOSS, an Agent of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society, will held meeting asfollows: Table  Table  

 The President is severely censured by the pressfor his disquisition on the 'Constitutional Relationsof slavery,' introduced into his annualmessage. We copy the remarks of some of ourcontemporaries. The Philadelphia American andGazette says:— American andGazette says 'This extraordinary document, which has beenthrust upon the country in violation of all formerprecedent, and without, so far as we can perceive,any public necessity to justify the departure fromsettled usage, is calculated, if indeed it was notexpressly intended, to de grievous mischief. Wedo not speak now of those passages which relate toour foreign affairs, or to the internal administrationof the government, but of the disquisition on the'Constitutional Relations of Slavery,' which, inour judgment, is as wholly out of place in theannual message of the Chief Magistrate of theRepublic—the head not of a section, but theNation—as it is insulting and offensive to thewhole northern portion of the confederacy. We can verywell understand why President Pierce, at thisparticular juncture, when delegates are about tobe elected to a National Convention of his party,should seek to conciliate Southern favor, and weare quite willing that he should do so withinmodest and decent bounds: but the abjections ofhis submission almost surpasses belief, and, if wemistake not, will disgust even those whom it wasintended to flatter. Among the many objectionablepronouncements against the North which have,from time to time, been issued by the Governors ofSouthern States, we do not remember any one inwhich the assumptions of wrong doing on the partof the free Commonwealths of this Union have beenmore unblushingly asserted, or the gentle, patient,forbearing spirit of our slaveholding kinsfolk morepathetically set forth, than in the manifesto signedby the gentleman from New Hampshire, who atpresent occupies the Presidential chair. It willtrouble his Excellency, Gov. Wise of Virginia, tomatch it. Of course, Mr. Pierce knew that such declarationsas he has here solemnly put on record couldhave no other effect than to rouse a sentiment ofindignation throughout the Northern States, andrenew and increase that agitation which all truepatriots desire to act forever quieted. And withsuch knowledge, he will be held justly responsiblefor the consequences of his act—an act which weare sure the more conservative of his own partycannot but lament, as one that will be certain tostir up bitterness and strife, in and out of Congress,to a degree that, even with all the elementsof disturbance previously existing, but for thiscould not have been paralleled. After reading this portion of the message, wecan see good reason why it was not submitted to aCabinet meeting, for it is not possible that thecitizens of New York and Pennsylvania, who wouldhave formed part of such a council, could havementioned or even submitted to such imputationson the loyalty and patriotism of the great Statusthey represent, as are necessarily involved in thesegeneral sweeping denunciations.' The Springfield Republican says: Republican 'But the great topic of the message, evidentlythe most labored and carefully prepared, and yetconstituting the great weakness and defect of thedocument, is its partisan and sectional argument,and appeal on the subject of slavery. As a leaderin the Washington Union, it would have been incharacter. In a speech by Frank Piero on thestump in New Hampshire, it would have been avery creditable effort on the wrong side. But inthe messenger of the President of the United Statesto Congress, it is monstrous and disgraceful. ThePresident should have made this gross bid forshareholding support in a letter, and not in hisannual message. Not only in the manner but thesubstance of this mere partisan appeal, he layshimself open largely to the severest censure, andwill get it.' Union  

 ☞MISS SALLIE HOLLEY, an Agent of theMass. Anti-Slavery Society, will lecture at WESTERLY,and other towns in Rhode bland, the two coming weeks. ☞WORCESTER CO. (SOUTH) A.S. SOCIETY.—The Annual Meeting of the Worcester County SouthDivision Anti-Slavery Society will be held at WORCESTER,in Horticultural Hall, commencing en Saturdayevening, Feb 2d, at 7 o'clock, P.M., and continuingon Sunday, Feb. 3, through the afternoon and evening. Worcester County SouthDivision Anti-Slavery Society ☞ANDREW T. FOSS, STEPHEN S. FOSTER, WM. W.BROWN and daughter, and other speakers are expected. NDREW OSS TEPHEN OSTER M. ROWN ☞Officers for the ensuing year are to be choose,and a general attendance of members is requested. EFFINGHAM L. CAPRON, President. President. JOHN H. CRANE, Sec'y. OHN RANE Sec'y. 

 The Washington correspondents of some of theso-called religious papers are dilating of late onthe Christian virtues of FRANKLIN PIERCE. He isdescribed as a model Sabbath keeper, a punctualattendant on the preaching of the Gospel and theprayer meeting, as a man of prayer, who keeps upfamily worship, asks a blessing at his table, &c.All of this seems to he very grateful to the feelingsof these pious letter-writers, who evidentlyregard the President as almost if not altogetherfit for the honors of saintship. RANKLIN IERCE. Do these men seriously consider the tendency ofsuch teachings? Can they not see that their effectmust be to bring the very name of the Christianreligion into reproach? The public administrationof FRANKLIN PIERCE has two prominent characteristics:Imbecile weakness, and God-defying wickedness.He has sent ships of war to batter downand burn the houses of unoffending people, againstwhom nothing could be alleged, except that theysought to bring an atrocious murderer to justice.In violation of his solemn oath to support the lawsand maintain the peace of the country, he has beheldthe infant settlements of Kansas invaded byhordes of armed assassins, and all manner of outragecommitted against the citizens, without an effortto prevent it. Nay, he has manifestly winkedat these infamous proceedings, and has extendedthe patronage of the government to the paper bywhich they were mainly incited. Cold-bloodedmurder is one of the pastimes of these marauders,whose leaders bask in the sunshine of executivefavor. The late message of the President isdistinguished beyond all its predecessors, for its serviletruckling to the slave oligarchy, and for itsreckless perversions of the truth of history. Andyet in the face of all these disgraceful facts, a raceof clerical toadies are uttering their solemn cantover the virtues and piety of the President. Theyevidently consider his many public crimes and misdemeanorsas nothing at all inconsistent with Christiancharacter. Let them succeed in producingthis impression, and Christianity must sink intothe same contempt and abhorrence with which thepublic acts of the President are regarded by allupright men. The open enemies of Christianitynever aimed, so fatal a stab at her vitals. THOMASPAINE'S infidelity is not a tenth part so dangerousas theirs. RANKLIN IERCE HOMAS AINE'S It is strange that these clerical sycophants cannotsee that they most be despised by the men theyflatter. Although PIERCE and his adherents may,through motives of policy, smile on their flatterers,yet it is not in human nature to feel for them anythingbut contempt. So long as they can be usedto debauch the religion of the country, and preventit uttering its protest against the public crimesof the President, they will be caressed. But whenno longer wanted for this purpose, they will bespurned aside with the contempt they deserve.How different the spirit of these fawners from thatof glorious old HUGH LATIMER, who could say tothe bloody and lecherous tyrant of England:'Whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.'How different from the spirit of the heroic Apostle,before whose reasoning's of 'righteousness, temperance,and a judgment to coma,' the guilty FELIXtrembled! IERCE UGH ATIMER ELIX 

 'The ransomed of the Lord shall return, and come toZion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads.'ISAIAH, 35: 10. SAIAH Where the faded flower shall freshen—Freshen never more to fade;Where the shaded sky shall brighten—Brighten never more to shade;Where the sun-blaze never scorches;Where the star-beams cease to chill;      Where no tempest stirs the echoesOf the wood, or wave, or hill;Where the more shall wake in gladness,And the noon the joy prolong,Where the daylight dies in fragrance,Mid the burst of holy song;—Brother, we shall meet and rest,Mid the holy and the blest!        Where no shadow shall bewilder,Where life's vain parade is o'er,Where the sleep of sin is broken,And the dreamer dreams no more:Where the bond is never severed—Partings, claspings, sob and moan,Midnight waking, twilight weeping,Heavy noon-tide—all are done;Where the child has found its mother,Where the mother finds the child;Where dear families are gathered,That were scattered on the wild;Brother, we shall meet and rest,Mid the holy and the blest!              Where the hidden wound is healed,Where the blighted life re-blooms,Where the smitten heart the freshnessOf its buoyant youth resumes;Where the love that here we lavishOn the withering leaves of time,Shall have fadeless flowers to fix on,In an ever spring-bright clime;Where we find the joy of lovingAs we never loved before,—Loving on, unchilled, unhindered,Loving once, and evermore;—Brother, we shall meet and rest,Mid the holy and the blest!              Where a blasted world shall brightenUnderneath a bluer sphere,And a softer, gentler sunshineShed its healing splendor here;Where earth's barren vales shall blossom,Putting on her robe of green,And a purer, rer EdenBe where only wastes have been;Where a King, in kingly glory,Such as earth has never known,Shall assume the righteous sceptre,Claim and wear the holy crown;Brother, we shall meet and rest,Mid the holy and the blest!               

 Memorial of the Citizens of Virginia, to the GeneralAssembly, asking for certain Reforms in the Lawsconcerning Slaves and Free Persons of Color. Memorial of the Citizens of Virginia, to the GeneralAssembly, asking for certain Reforms in the Lawsconcerning Slaves and Free Persons of Color. TO THE HONORABLE THE SENATE AND THE HOUSEOF REPRESENTATIVES:—It is under a deep sense ofthe delicate and peculiar relations of the subject towhich your attention is earnestly called, that yourmemorialists address you. But if its politicalnature demands caution and deliberation, its moralhearings may still more claim thoughtful investigation,and a calm though prompt action. In thefaith that the best policy of the State will alwaysbe one with the rectitude of its laws and institutions,and that right ever wronged any man, werespectfully submit our petition, that the Laws, ofVirginia may be so modified as— O ONORABLE ENATE OUSE EPRESENTATIVES right ever wronged any man 1. To protect the parental relation, forbiddingthe separation of parents and young children, atthe will of any man or set of men, under criminalpenalties. 2. To recognize and secure the marital relationto colored persons; forbidding the disregard ofthe sacred relation of husband and wife by any manamongst his own slaves, and protecting the samebetween slaves of different families. 3. To allow persons so disposed to teach personsof color to read, so as better to assist their moraland mental elevation. Your memorialists readily allow that these claims,which they solemnly submit in behalf of the coloredpopulation of the State, are founded on thepostulate, that they are something other than moreproperty; and they insist that the claims of theSouth, that they shall have peculiar representationin the State and Federal Governments, as well asthe special code everywhere found necessary, forthem, as distinct from other kinds of property,imply equally certain limitations on the powers ofindividuals over them. And this necessity for aspecial treatment of them rests on this fundamentaltruth: that they have certain natural gifts whichsuggest culture. If the susceptibility or cultivationin the grass, 'which to-day is, and to-morrowis cast into the oven,' makes him a benefactor ofhis race, 'who makes two blades of grass growwhere only one grw before,' how much nobler isit to assist the germs of thought and feeling, withwhich God has endowed a race, to their utmostgrowth and result! Any necessity of thwartingthis, so plain a law of nature, is a fearful concessionto those who oppose the institution ofslavery To any that they are incapable of culture,is to attar the severest satire an the law whichprohibition it, and is to give birth to the solecism,that speech, understanding, and a moral beinghave not definite objects, as the eye and the earhave. To any that they are a law and degradedrace, is only to charge ourselves with a heavierweight of duty in their elevation; since, clearly,the progressive principles, in men, or beast, orvegetable, is the index of improvement and promiseof success, and capacity the only limit. Surely,then, they are not more laborers, and cannot, 'likeby bread alone.'  Your memorialists feel this to be the highestlaw in the universe; and to that they wish to bearwitness. They are deeply sensible that any lawwhich dwarfs and impedes the growth and developmentof any part of God's creation, moreespecially that which is moral and intelligent, cannotfail to prove a curse, however much our shortsightedness may fancy it a bleating. The laws which tolerate the separation of parentsand children, produce scenes that the Christianheart must characterize as cruel and impious, andworthier the slave-coast in a past generation, thanVirginia in this day. They are unchristian inpermitting those to be put asunder whom God hasjoined together under the most solemn circumstances;thus encouraging impure and transientconnections between the sexes, and blunting theholiest feelings of the human being; by thisbrutalizing the race to a degree that should causeeven our selfish interests to shudder. They areunwise, because they bring the humanity of ourState into question, and cause a painful conflict inthe minds of bar children, as to whether theyshall allow their servants to grow round them inignorance, as the laws demand, or 'obey Godrather than man,' and teach them to 'search theScriptures.' We have reason to know that someare teaching their slaves in secret, whose sole protectionfrom their own State is that their slavescannot testify against them! And there must be,in the nature of things, many who are constantlyoppressed with the fact that we are-faith lessenough in not improving our own talents, withouta consciousness of our uniting to bury the talentof our helpless fellow-creatures, whose elevationGod has confided to us. Your memorialists have forborne to place theirappeal on the lower grounds of interest; for itwould be charging our fellow-citizens with ignobletimidity to suppose them afraid to do right: andwe believe that they will acknowledge that honesty,even in the old Human sense—embracing all thatis right toward God and man—is the best policy;and that in being true to the higher relations oflife, we are truest to ourselves, our families, andour State. But there is nothing that the history,of this race has made more manifest to our mindsthan that whatever is to be apprehended from them,is to be feared from their being neglected, not fromtheir being cared for; from having their naturaland domestic affections outraged and blunted, notfrom their inteneration and protection; from theirignorance, not their intelligence. Your memorialists would furthermore submit,that they will yield to none in love of the State,and reference, for her history and noble sons Theyknow no better way to testify that love, than byasking these reforms; and they would be authorizedby their writings and remains, in attaching tothis petition the names of those who have in timespast loved Virginia best, and given her renown overthe world. Their sympathies and interests being identifiedwith their State, they unite in rejecting any foreigninterference with this subject, by any Government,State or Federal. But above all, they would scornthe idea as unworthy, that another a folly shouldbe our wisdom, and that anything said or agitatedabroad should influence us to a base antagonism,which should leave our duty to this race unperformed. Your memorialists rejoice to see indications inthe South, that show how the sense is becomingfelt of the great responsibility she has assumed inrejecting all interference from without with thetemporal and spiritual well-being of this race. Onus, and us only, fall the care and responsibility oftheir joys and grief—their elevation or degradation.In Louisiana the laws prohibit the separation ofparents and young children, and the same policyhas been engaging legislative attention in Georgiaand Alabama In South Carolina, such modificationsof the code on slavery, as we have called toyour attention, have been advocated by many ablewriters and jurists—among whom we may mentionDr. Fuller, a large slaveholder and able minister,and Judge O'Neal. In Maryland, free coloredpersons have their own schools, and with the mostencouraging results. In Louisiana, their schoolsare not only permitted, but assisted by money frompublic funds.  Shall Virginia be the last to feel this movement,and, showing her respect for the liberty of consciencewhich our lathers scoured us, no longerrisk the general respect for her policy by theinhumanity of a few laws and usages? All of which is respectfully submitted. 

 I honor and I love the mindWhose warm and generous thoughts embraceThe common interests of our kind,Through time's long track, and earth's wide space;And, like the glorious god of day,Sheds o'er the world its living ray.      I watch with throbbing heart the zeal,Whose all-incorporating planCan teach a million souls to feelFor all that's man's—for all that's man!And every human title blendIn those of brother and of friend.      I've travell'd many a country far,Through Finland's wild, on Afric's strand;And there went with me, like a star,The glory of my native land;A star whose light, where'er I trod,Seemed blazing with the truths of God.      But sometimes sadness came and dweltWithin my heart. 'Twas proud to hearMy country's name; but, oh! I feltThat misery dwelt unheeded there;That hearts were sad, and eyes were wet—Forgotten-how could I forget?      I would not check the nobly good,Who, joy diffusing, widely roam;But I would whisper, if I could,Look round, for there are wrongs at home;And voices, though but feeble, callOn heav'n—on thee—on me—on all.      Dot thou not hear their cry? To thee,Who hears the lightest plaint of woeThat's borne across the distant sea,Can their appeals be vain? Oh, no!Thou didst but want some tongue to say,Grief's sons are here, and these ore they.       

 MASSACHUSETTS TO BE TURNED OUT OF THE UNION.—Mr. Shorter, one of the Southern slave-drivers inCongress, proposed in one of his recent speechesthe formal exclusion of Massachusetts from theUnion. Let him go ahead: be cannot better servethe honest men of that State, or the oppressed ofhis own, than by so doing. 'Let it slide.' Nobodywill be hurt. Even the slaveholders themselvesmay thus be relieved from their curse and guilt.Here is an extract from his speech: ASSACHUSETTS NION. 'I wish to save the country from the disgrace—and by the employment of that term, I mean nothingpersonally offensive to the distinguished gentlemanfrom Massachusetts (Mr. Banks)—I desire tosave this country from the disgrace of the electionof a man to preside over this body, who occupiesthe position which has been assigned to that gentlemanto day. Coming from the State of Massachusetts,as he does, and boasting upon this floorthat ha represents the strongest Anti-Slavery districtin the tailed States. I say it would be an insultto my section of the country to elevate him tothe Speaker ship of this House. I do not believethat the State of Massachusetts, which has nullifiedthe Fugitive Slave Law, and with this trampledunder foot the rights of my constituents—Isay I do not believe, under the Constitution and thetrue theory of our government, that the State ofMassachusetts to-day belongs to the Union. AndI take this occasion to say farther, that when thisHouse is organized, if it ever should be, I intend,if no one else does it, to introduce a resolution tothe effect that no gentleman, sustaining the positionof the gentleman from Massachusetts, and no representativefrom that State, is entid to held a upon th floor.' insult is entid to held a upon th floor.'    

 Americans, will you regard a voiceThat comes across the sea from Britain's shore?How would it make o stranger's heart rejoiceTo win to Freedom's cause one friend toe more!    You hold the truth of man's equality,That none to be oppressive have a right;Thee how can you so inconsistent beAs to enslave, because you have the might?    If all are equal, and if none have rightTo be unjust, or cause another pain,How then can you God's laws eternal blight,And round the negro throw vile Slavery's chain?    Is not the negro human? Is his heartIncapable of love, his mind of thought?Do you not fear instruction to impartTo him? Or cannot he be taught?    Too know, you also know that Slavery,In which you hold three millions of year kind,Has, of necessity, invariably,A tendency to brutalize the mind.    The noblest creatures exercise their powerTo bless the wretched and support the weak;But you upon the weak and wretched lower;The 'bruised reed' you scruple not to break.    How will you answer at the bar of God,For having made a fellow-man a slave?Can you endure the terrors of his rod,His deep, determined anger can you brave?    Arise! to captive myriads freedom speak!Gladden the spirit of each object slave!Nought is more fiendlike than to oppress the weak,Nor aught more Godlike than to bless and save.    

 OHIO LEGISLATURE—Jan. 19th.—SENATH. Thismorning, a long memorial from the colored citizensof Ohio to the Legislature was read at the Clark'sdesk. A discussion arose on the motion to printit, in which several Senators participated. It waslost by a vote of 12 to 17, when the memorial wasreferred to a  committee of three, Mrs,Canfield, Brown, and Taylor, of Guga. HIO EGISLATURE ENATH.    

 How shall I speak thee, or thy power address,Thou god of our idolatry—the Press?By thee, religion, liberty, and laws,Exert their influence, and advance their cause;By thee, worse plagues than Pharaoh's land befell,Diffused, make earth the vestibule of hell!Thou fountain, at which drink the good and wise;Thou ever bubbling spring of endless lies;Like Eden's dead, probationary tree,Knowledge of good and evil from th.—COWPER.           OWPER. 

 Hon. Robert Teombs, of Georgia, delivered a lectureon slavery at the Tremont Temple, Boston, on Thursdayevening of last week. We make the following extractsfrom a report in the Traveler. After speakingof the constitutional statue of slavery in this country,he passed to the consideration of its effect upon theslave race, and said:— Traveler. We found the negro a freeman in free Stares, afreeman in slaveholding States, and a slave in slave-holdingStates;—and in slavery itself he apprehendedwe found the best form of his condition.But according to the ideal which maintains thetheory of equality of races and their capability ofself-government, we ought to find the beat specimenshere in the non-slaveholding States. Surroundedby a temperate climate, by a great, active,intelligent, and educated population, kind and sympathizingfriends,—surely, if he failed here, in thisintellectual society, the fault must lie nowhere elsethan in himself. What was his condition? For70 years he had the opportunity of cleaning himselffrom this leprosy of slavery,—how then didwe find him to-day throughout these States? Hewas lord of himself, but was it not a heritage ofwoe? A large majority of the Free States of thisUnion excluded him from political rights. Hishistory was lamentable, and was to he found in therecords of our criminal courts and penitentiaries.But the population furnished another evidence ofit. His increase here was barely one per cent.,even with the addition of emancipated slaves andfugitives from labor. If the theory were true of his equality, the policyof the majority of the Northern States, whichdrives him out and denies him social rights, did awrong and injustice to that unfortunate race. Aportion of these States drive him from their borders,and deny him even the privilege of enteringthem. We encouraged his immigration into ourcity and State, but he was expelled by many others,and driven, by some of those who denounced theirbrethren of the South, houseless, homeless wanderersand outcasts. Such were their professions—such their legislation. The South, acknowledgingthe same fact of their social inequality, butbelieving that subordination should exist; that itwas natural, according to the fitness of things, theyadopted it, sanctioned it, and put it under legalrestraints. And under that system of subjugationand protection, great and valuable rights weregiven to this race. He did not pretend they wereall they ought to he, hut on the contrary, he saidthey were not. (Applause.) He hid said so at home, and now repeated ithere. What were these rights? The slave wasprotected in his person, which he certainly wasnot in Africa. His life was protected to the fullextent of his master's, and his power was placedunder salutary restraints. He was entitled by lawto home, to the necessaries of life, to protection inall conditions of himself and family. These conditionswere freely accorded to him: and that hethrove under them was proved by public records.The increase of the slave population in the tenyears preceding 1850 was 28 per cent., or nearlythree per cent, per annum—three times as great asthe increase among the free colored people of theNorth. Then the returns of consumption showedthat his maintenance was equal to that of any ofthe laboring population of Europe. But these legal securities were far from includingall of his privileges. The relation begat kindnesses,begat sympathies, begat privileges knownto no other relation of capital and labor. Let thatpass. His own opinions would have little weight,but he knew a distinguished clergyman of our owncity who saw the institution in Georgia, for himself,and came to the conclusion which he (Mr.Toombs) laid down that night. (Hisses, and criesof 'shame.') Standing before his countrymen, heshunned no question, and wore no mask. Heshould be brief. [Here there was some confusionOwing to a number of persons retiring.] The lecturer said he should be brief. The systemwas far from perfect. Much remained to bedone. Imperfection clings to man in all his institutions.But it was said that in this institutionthere were peculiar opportunities of abuse. It wasa melancholy truth, it was said, that these opportunitieswere frequently made use of to inflictwrong and injury upon this race; but it was alsotrue that the laws punished these departures ofright in this relation as well as in any other; andthey who held it to be a fundamental principle inthe constitution of man that abuse is the unvaryingconcomitant of power, and crime of opportunity,subvert the foundation of all private moralsand of all public government. The treatment ofthat race by the slaveholding States of the South,he said, was a proud vindication of themselvesagainst the charge. (Applause and hisses.) But they were often asked, how is it that if thisbe true, how can this institution at the same timepromote the welfare of the bondmen, the interestof the master, and do no violence to humanity?The reason was obvious. The free colored man inthe North, and indeed the free laborer everywhere,in the great conflict which he has with capital,was subject not only to his own follies and ownvices, but to his ignorance and poverty. The consequenceof this was that not being associated withcapital, as the institution was at the South, hebought on roost disadvantageous terms, was thrownupon the hands of extortioners, and his isolatedcondition multiplied his expenses without increasinghis comforts. Where labor and capital wereassociated, he was sustained by the strength andpower of the latter,—it gave the greatest possibleproduction, and at the same time the greatestcheapness of production. We should look at this question in reference toour future as well as the present. Under the conditionsof labor in England or on the continent ofEurope, it could not exist, nor, indeed, in any placethe moment that labor gets to the point when itwill barely maintain itself. Slavery in Englandfound its exodus not in humanity, but in the necessitiesand interests of the land owners: andhere in this country the unvarying laws of populationmust work the same result, whether it he advantageousto the African race or not. The naturalincrease of population must bring labor to thepoint where it can barely find maintenance, andthen the institution may find its Euthanasia in theprostration of all labor. What had been its effects upon the slaveholdingStates of the South? When we compared theproductions of that with the other sections, wefound that with six millions of freemen and 3 1-4millions of slaves, it furnishes three fifths and moreof the export of the whole land. To see what theproductions would he, under a system of free labor,we might look at the productions of Jamaica now,and at what they were under bondage twenty yearsago, and look at that of Hayti seventy years ago.It was a mere material question. There they Couldcompare the negro in the two conditions, and couldcompare him with himself, in a state of freedomand in the state of slavery. When he had thusshown that the productions of the Southern sectionwere greater with society in its present than inany other condition, he had established the greatprinciple with which he set out—that was, thatunder the institution, this race had its higherinterests promoted more than in any other conditionthe race had ever gained in any age or country.This position could not be disputed. They were sometimes told that this institutiondenied the laborer his wages. He had alreadyshown how wages were paid, and one of our mostdistinguished citizens, the elder Adams (hisses),—he meant the first Adams, the President, knownto the revolution as such,—not that he wished tomake any remark about the other Adams theythought of.—they were two of the most able, distinguishedand patriotic citizens America ever gavebirth to,—but President Adams once spoke uponthis very question of wages, and said:—Whetheryou give wages in the necessaries of life or inmoney, the difference is imaginary.' But they weretold that the effect of this institution, its moral orintellectual effect was to debase the Commonwealth,to degrade it—make It incapable of progress,moral or intellectual. That had not been thehistory of ancient nor was it the history of moderntimes. The oracles of the living God were given tothe Jews, to the Hebrew race. His commandswere given to a slaveholding priesthood. Prophetsand patriarchs received them, taught thorn to theirown, and transmitted them to all generations ofmankind. We looked through ancient common-wealth's.The highest forms of civilization. in arts,science, literature and eloquence, were found inconnection with this institution. The highest type of the human race was foundin the ancient Greek, and to-day, with our boastedcivilization, we find that Aristotle, and Homer,and Xenophon, and Thucydides are text books inall our seminaries of learning; and whether inarts, letters, painting, statuary or architecture,we must go and search amid the wreck and ruinof their greatness, for the pride of every model andthe perfection of every master. Liberty end slaverywere cradled together in ancient Rome. Her hardysons, distinguished by their public and privatevirtue, by their personal prowess, carried theirvictorious eagles to the uttermost parts of theearth, overhung Greece, appropriated her civilization,studied her literature, and rivaled her gloryin letters; and the languages of both Greece andRome have survived and mingled themselves withthe thought and speech of all centuries. He was content that his own country shouldspeak for itself. He was willing his countrymenshould judge of fourteen feeble States, with lessthan a million and a half of population seventyyears ago, thinly scattered along the Atlantic coast,surrounded by the most powerful tribes of Indiansin North America-their homes desolated by thecombined atrocities of Indians and British—comingout of the war, without wealth, without education,with nothing but their own strong arms and thefair domain their valor had wrenched from the irongrasp of the British tyrant. Let them view it today,the colonies with republican governments,adequate to all purposes of liberty and privateright, cheerfully obeyed by all classes of society,without one soldier throughout their wholedominions either to overawe or intimidate society,while other nations, while England keeps 100,000men, a gigantic, navy, and innumerable police, tosecure obedience to her social system, while it isknown that physical force is the sole cement of thatgigantic empire and the secret of social order,—we could point to this country, with its millionsof inhabitants, great, rich, prosperous, contented,and happy. Such had been our institutions—such theireffects upon society. He left them to them and tothe judgment of the civilized world with a firmconviction that the adoption of no other system,under our circumstances, would exhibit the individualfaun, bond or free, in a higher development,or society in a happier civilization. (Applause.)[At the close, persons in the audience called forcheers for various popular anti-slavery leaders, butthey were only faintly given, and the audiencebroke up in a state of considerable excitement,—several gentlemen crowding round the lecturer tourge objections or offer their congratulations. Mr.Toombs, we believe, remarked that he had beenhighly satisfied with his audience.] 

 Who can hide fire? If't be uncovered, light;If covered, smoke betrays it to the sight:Lore is that fire which still some sign affords;If hid, they are sighs; If open, they are words.    

 The twenty-third annual meeting of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society was held at WILLIAMS HALL,in Boston on Thursday and Friday, January 24th and25th. ILLIAMS ALL The meeting was called to order by the President,FRANCIS JACKSON, at 10 o'clock. RANCIS ACKSON The President stated that the Committee of Arrangementshad prepared a Hat of Committees, &c., which, attheir request, he would read to the Society, for theirapproval, amendment, or rejection:— Committee on Business—Win. Lloyd Garrison, WendellPhillips, Maria Weston Chapman, J.B. Swasey,Charles C. Burleigh, Andrew T. Foss, Stephen S. Foster,W M. Wells Brown, Abby Kelley Foster. Committee on Business Assistant Secretaries—Samuel May, Jr., Boston,Joseph A. Howland, Worcester. Assistant Secretaries Committee on Finance—Lewis Ford, Charles B.McIntire, Elbridge Sprague, Briggs Arnold, CorneliusWellington. Sallie Holley. Darius M. Allen. Committee on Finance Committee to Nominate Officers for the EnsuingYear—Edmund Quincy, Dedham; Charles L. Remond,Salem; William Ashby, Newburyport; Alvan Howes,Barnstable; Charles F. Hovey, Boston; John Bailey,Lynn; Alvan Ward, Asbburnham; Moses Smith,Holden; Henry W. Carter, Athol; Mehitabel Haskell,Gloucester; Ansel H. Harlow, Boston; Joseph Merrill,Danversport; Samuel Barrett, Concord. Committee to Nominate Officers for the EnsuingYear The foregoing were unanimously accepted, and chosenofficers of the annual meeting. Opportunity for prayer, vocal or silent, was thengiven. SAMUEL. PHILBRICK, Treasurer of the Society, presentedhis Annual Report It showed a total amountof receipts into the treasury, during the year, of$9,621 57. Disbursements, $99,252 80. Balance intreasury, 1st January, $369 27. The Report was accompaniedby the certificate of the Auditor, EDMUNDJACKSON, that the account is correct and properlyvouched. AMUEL. HILBRICK DMUND ACKSON WENDELL PHILLIPS suggested a change in the mannerof acknowledging the receipt of the money refundedby the Boston and Worcester Railroad, which wasadopted by the Treasurer. ENDELL HILLIPS Voted, unanimously, That the Treasurer's Reportbe accepted and printed. Voted SAMUEL MAY, Jr., the General Agent of the Society,rend his Annual Statement of Operations during theyear past. AMUEL AY Mr. GARRSON, from the Committee an Business, reportedthe three following resolutions:— ARRSON 1. Resolved. That as, in apostolic times, it was necessarythat judgment should 'begin at the hours ofGod'; so, the work of repentance for the sin of slaverymust begin on our own soil, at our own doors, inour own breasts, and, until Massachusetts be a freeState in principle and action, it is not for her to reproachor rebuke any Southern 8tata for holdingslaves, or for seeking to perpetuate her slave system. 2. Resolved, That to be opposed to slavery in theabstract, and at the same time to support it in practice,Is to confess with the lips that worship is to be paidonly to the living God, while bowing down to an idol;and is indicative of a very low moral condition. 3. Resolved, That if slavery be 'the sum of all villainies,'then its supporters and abettors are to be moreboldly arraigned, and more severely condemned, thanif they were giving their aid and countenance to anyother wrong or outrage; and, instead of qualifyingour impeachment or softening oar reproof of slave-holdersand their apologists, we are morally bound allthe more to 'cry aloud, and spare not.' STEPHEN S. FOSTER took the platform, and remarkedupon the general state of the cause and of our movementin particular. He stated his belief, based on hisown experience and observation, that our numbers haddiminished, and we ware weaker in strength than tenyears age; and assigned as a reason, that althoughpeople were in the main convinced of the truth of ourprinciples, yet they deemed them impracticable. Thepeople must vote; they are unwilling to adopt practicallya principle that forbids their voting. We havecalled on the people to leave their pro-slavery churchesand pro-slavery parties, but have provided no churchfor them to go into, no political organization for themto act with; and those whom we had heretofore convertedhad returned to political action again, andin some eases, to fellowship their old religious associationsagain. TEPHEN OSTER To meet this difficulty, Mr. Foster proposed the organizationof disunion churches and a disunion politicalparty, in which to take up the sympathies of thepeople, already tending in the right direction, and turnthem to practical account The people will vote, theymust vote; than we must provide ways for them tovote without sacrifice of principle, and thereby maketheir action as elect ire at possible. And although he,as a non-resistant, could not become a voter, yet hecould direct others how to act in harmony with theirown principles, and yet directly to the benefit of theanti-slavery .  Mr. GARRISON followed, in review of Mr. Foster'spositions, that our distinctive movement was makingno progress. He thought that our cause never stoodbetter than to-day; that it progressed regularly andrapidly, and be could not but be hopeful, especially inview of the fact, that for two mouths the prowl wavesof the Slave Power had beat is vain upon the Banksof Massachusetts. We have at last an opportunity ofbeholding a temporary bar put in the any of the triumphantmarch of the Slaves Power. This indicatesprogress, and gives ground for hope and encouragement.And then, at to our disunion platform, when wefirst broached the principle, it was almost treason tospeak of it—the idea would on no account be tolerated;but now it is every where discussed, and that, too,with safety and consideration. Our work is, to convertand change the public sentiment, and that, too, not somuch by making individual converts, as by educatingand bringing up the public, step by step. Our businessis to influence and direct, rather than to organizechurches or political parties. And with this view,be thought we were doing much, very much. Everything indicates progress and encourages hope. ARRISON Banks S.S. FOSTER again took the floor, in a more fall expositionof what he deemed the necessary work for abolitionistsnow to be engaged in. OSTER RICHARD CLAP of Dorchester hoped that due creditwould be given to the Free Soil or Republican party,while for himself he expressed his fall faith in, andadherence to, the great principle of 'No Union withSlaveholders.' ICHARD LAP Various notices were given, and the Society adjournedto quarter to 3 o'clock. AFTERNOON. The President in the Chair. FTERNOON. Mr. GARRISON, from the Committee on Business, reportedthe following additional resolutions: ARRISON 4. Resolved, That the statements commonly made bythe clergy, (to excuse the slaveholding of the South,or their own inaction in regard to it, or both,) that 'slaveryis a great Providential arrangement'—that 'thehand of God is la it'—that' God, in his providence,sent the Africans to this country that they might receivethe light of the Gospel,' &c. &c., are not onlyentirely unavailing as a defence, either of themselvesor others, but are really more irreverent to God thanthat thoughtless cursing and swearing of vulgar personswhich they invariably and justly reprove. 5. Resolved, That there can be no greater delusionthan the belief that the Gospel is preached at the South,either to slaves or slaveholders. the Gospel 6. Resolved, That one lesson which we may appropriatelydraw from the long continuance of slavery is tomark the corruption of that Church which. North aswell as South, is its chief bulwark; and to noticewhether the perversions of reason, fact and Scripturewhich the clergy use in its support, be not also usedto mislead their readers in their professional capacity. 7. Resolved, That the prominent indications of sympathyand good fellowship which have been bestowedupon the Rev. Nehemiah Adams by the representativesof the popular religion since the publication of his'South-Side View of Slavery, namely— His being chosen on the Examining Committee ofthe American Tract Society—and to preach the annualSermon before the American Board of Commissionersfor Foreign Missions—and to preside, on anniversaryweek, at the opening of the Union prayer-meeting inWinter Street Church—and to preach the sermon at aninstallation in Providence, R.I.—and to dedicate, byprayer, the new rooms of the Mercantile Library Associationin Boston— show the corrupt state of that popular religion, andthe urgent necessity of teaching, instead of its pureand genuine Christianity. Rev. JAMES FREEMAN CLARKE addressed the meetingin a speech of great point and eloquence. He contrastedthe case of anti-slavery profession at the Northwith the difficulty of sustaining anti-slavery principlesat the South. The lack of real, abiding, conscientiousprinciple, even among Massachusetts men, who, thoughloud-mouthed abolitionists here, were too often thestrongest slaveholders when their business called thanSouth, was pointed out. AMES REEMAN LARKE He defended the Personal Liberty Bill of our lastLegislature, and showed that those who denounced thatas treason were themselves the real traitors. In showing the thankless task of reformers, he illustratedhis remarks by the story of some Englishmenwho found an emaciated Hindoo left to die on the banksof the sacred Ganges, whom they revived and broughtto life only to receive his daily curses for restoring himto life, and keeping him out of his Hindoo heaven. He said we often heard of idolatry, of people whoworshipped wood and stone. People here condemnthat, while they worship and idolize other things, theConstitution and Union, as though no other could beformed so good. People here worship men. In all theshop windows, all the banks and insurance offices, glaresat you, with heavy brow, sunken cheek, and gloomyexpression, the image of Daniel Webster, the idol worshippedin Boston. Mr. C. closed with an appeal to allto stand fast, although few or almost alone. God waswith the right. Mr. GARRISON said that this was the meeting of theMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society; that our workwas in Massachusetts, and was two-fold, religious andpolitical,—to make men consistent and honest in alltheir relations. Now, people violate their own principlesto sustain their church and party. ARRISON our Our work is personal, because slavery incarnatesitself in persons, and we must deal with the system inits manifestation through the individual. We rebukedDaniel Webster through his life, and it was wise andphilosophical to do so. And now it may be our duty todevote oar energies to tasking Boston too hot to holdNehemiah Adams, to break down Essex Street Church.Our work is with the church members of Massachusetts.All churches which have a discipline and hold theirmembers to a professed Christian standard, and are stillpro-slavery, should be forsaken by all true abolitionists.This point Mr. Garrison enforced at length byillustrations, drawn from the practice of the churchesin their discipline. He then showed the inconsistency of professed abolitioniststaking the oath to the Constitution of the UnitedStates, which pledges them to the protection and defenceof slavery. This point was elucidated and illustratedwith great clearness and force; and the absurdityof those who profess a belief in the anti-slaverycharacter of the Constitution acting in harmony witha pro-slavery government was also very distinctlyshown. And then the Jesuitism of those who, professingdisunion principles, are seduced by some side issueto east their votes for that special object, was hold upto view. Mr. Garrison, in reply to S.S. Foster, gave his theoryof the duty of abolitionists as to the manner ofbringing Massachusetts out of its governmental connectionwith slavery. S.S. FOSTER then followed at length in review ofMr. Garrison, and in favor of a new political organization. OSTER J.B. INNIS replied to Mr. Foster in defence of theFree soil party and its platform. NNIS The Society adopted the following resolution:— Resolved, That in order to defray the expenses ofthis Annual Meeting, the members of the Society andfriends of the cause present be requested to contributeeach the sum of one dollar, or sack other sum, whethermore or less, as they may be able, to the FinanceCommittee. The Finance Committee proceeded to the dischargeof their duty, in accordance with the Resolution. Mr. FOSTER asked Mr. Garrison how he would proceedin the work of getting out of this Union;—whatsteps should he taken in the matter. OSTER how Mr. GARRISON replied, cause to support the Unionand the Government, cease to vote under it, cease toswear allegiance to it, and do all you can to excite forit the moral abhorrence it deserves. Then, when thepopular mind , they will summon a Conventionto form a new government. And when it meets, saidMr. G., I hope to be there, and do all I can to form anow good government; and if they put sininto it, then I will he off, and call again for disunion. ARRISON  Mr. FOSTER enlarged upon the necessity of layingbefore the people some definite method of action. Herepudiated as worthless all present methods. He regardedthe Republican party, and all their members,Charles Sumner included, as in league with the slave-holdersagainst the slaves, pledged by the Constitutionto keep the compromises with slavery. OSTER CHARLES C. BURLEIGN replied to Mr. Foster. Heobjected to Mr. Foster's position that the Republicansparty was the greatest hindrance to the overthrow ofslavery. He also dissected from Mr. Foster's positionthat slavery la weakened by its acquisition of now territory,and its spreading its victims over a white surface. HARLES URLEIGN Adjourned to 7 o'clock. EVENING Edmund Quincy. a Vice President, in thechair. VENING A quartette club of young volunteers sang the 'Rockof Liberty.' J.B. SWASEY, Esq., of Newburyport, opened thediscussion of the evening session by saying that he toohad felt the discouragement expressed by Mr. Foster,while he looked only to direct results; but as he hadfaith in God, in the success and triumph of truth andgreat principles, he could but believe that the old Saxonspirit, the spirit of the Puritans, would in the resulttriumph successfully over the dark power of slavery inthis land. WASEY He then went on to review Mr. Foster's positionsin reference to political action, illustrating, in part,by reference to Jesus Christ, who, he said, never attemptedto make a platform, or organization, or even aplan, but addressed himself to, and sought to instructand elevate,, the individual conscience. He illustrated the progress of the cause by his ownexperience. A few months ago, he was entirely atvariance with this platform; but bring called, in orderto qualify himself for the office of Justice of the Peace,to take an oath to support the Constitution of Massachusettsand the United States, he set himself about acareful study of those documents, and soon came to theconclusion that, as an honest man and true friend offreedom, he could do no such thing. WENDELL PHILLIPS was greeted, as he came to theplatform, by the cheers of the audience. He said, thatmany of Mr. Foster's positions were right, but his feelingof hopelessness because no more converts weremade was a short-sighted one. Our duty was not tomake disunionsists, neither was our success to be estimatedby the numbers of our men; but we were to be.the heaven that should leaven the whole lump. ENDELL HILLIPS As to a disunion party, he felt with Mr. Foster thatthat was to be the course, but the time was not yet.We have not sufficient material of which to constructsuch a party, and it would be a waste of our strengthto stop now to organize a party in order to be counted.Our party is yet too small to be counted, and shouldwe try some side issue would draw them off, so thatwe could not count them at all. But we were making advances, for Mr. Banks,though not an Abolitionist, is to-day the block thatstops the wheals of government, so that even CalebCushing, with his hands full of money and his heartfull of lies, could not buy up his necessary ten men,that he has heretofore boasted he could always buy.It is a dication of progress that Charles Sumner,a young democrat to lawyer, with no party friends orgreat fame, now fills the seat of Daniel Webster; andthat the seat of Edward Everett, the pet scholar ofBoston, is now Ailed by the 'Natick Cobbler,'—onewho has earned his seat there by nobler services thannine-tenths of those who sit about him. That is progress.  Another objection to a political organization is, thatit must be too broad. He should want to put in anelective judiciary, &c, and there would be too manyelements to put into the crucible to make a distinct politicalissue upon. Mr. Phillips continued, in one of his happiest efforts,in a strain of great beauty and eloquence, that couldbe equaled only by himself, and to which no moresketch could do justice; closing with the remark thatthe disunion party would, as a result, a necessity, crestup on the rising wave of time. The Quartette Club sang 'Eight Dollars a Day.' Mr. GARRISON said that he knew of nothing by whichto test anti-slavery bat the slave, and he started inthat cause resolved to know nothing but the slave.He did not then expect to leave his political party, hisreligious denomination, or the government; but he wasbound to stand by the slave, and let everything thatstood in the way, that was pro-slavery, go by the board.Our position must necessarily be an isolated one. Wecould not attract noisy, excited, spasmodic meetings, anthe politicians do, but we must keep straight forward,unswerving, and our work is always before us. If wewould concede something to the Church, for instance,that slaveholding can, under some circumstances, beright, or that a slaveholder can possibly be a Christian,or make any other concession, however small, we shouldhave our character given back to as, and should afterwardsstand well with the public But no, we mustmake no concession, but stand on our own ground, ifwe stand alone. ARRISON He was sorry to differ with any friends of the cause—was glad to think as well as he could of the Republicans,but must, nevertheless, criticize them. TheirPersonal Liberty Bill, in this State, acknowledges theright of the slaveholder to reclaim his human 'property,'but be must prove his claim to a jury. He objectedto them he their own single paltry issue of FreeSoil; they treated the question of freedom in the Territoriesin the same meaner as they did the question ofbanking, or any thing else, meaning to carry their pointby vote, or, if overcome, to submit. And if they shouldkeep Kansas out, because of a slave Constitution, thepeople of the Territory could try a free Constitution,and then, being voted in, they could alter it to a slaveConstitution, for the Republicans acknowledge the rightof a sovereign State to settle the question of freedom orslavery for itself. Their opposition to slavery in technical,and not real. Mr. Garrison then went on to criticize the variousother positions and avowals of the Republicans and theiradvocates; summing up with objecting to their love ofthe Union, which he feared would induce them to letthe slave slide, to save the Union. He then discussedthe disunion question in his own able and masterlymanner. A running discussion ensued on Free Soilclosed, &c, which continued half an hour, and wasclosed by S.S. Foster. The Quartette Club sang a song, and the Society adjournedto Friday morning. 10 o'clock. FRIDAY. The Society reassembled at Williams Hall, the President,FRANCIS JACKSON in the chair. RANCIS ACKSON The resolutions before the Society were read by theSecretary. Mr. Garrison read a paragraph frets a Mobile (Alabama)paper, showing the alarm with which the advanceof anti-slavery at the North strikes Southernminds. ANDREW T. FOSS said that he agreed with Mr. Fosterand Mr. Phillips, that we should at this meetingdiscuss practical measures rather than fundamentalprinciples. He did not quite agree with Mr. Fosterthat our principles had been accepted by the community;he felt that our principles had but little practicaleffect upon community. The church and the governmentdeny that slavery is a crime, and the peopleact accordingly. They need our true principles preachedcontinually; they have not yet received the fullbenefit and influence of them. Mr. Foss very strikinglyillustrated those positions. NDREW OSS Foss Mr. Foss accounted for the smallness of our numbers,and the apparent want of interest in our and commented on Mr. Foster's proposed with a humorous sarcasm that kept the audience in apleasant mood, while the success of the criticism seemedto carry conviction to all.   S.S. FOSTER took the platform in further expositionof his proposition, and in condemnation of the FreeSoil party and of the countenance and support whichour platform gives to that party, in acknowledgingthat it is doing an anti-slavery work of any kind, andthat its success is an indication of anti-slavery progress.At the request of Mr. Garrison, he gave morein detail his views of the organization of a new politicalparty. He closed by saying, that he felt with Mr.Phillips, that our work was the elevation of the publicSentiment, the education of the people. There all ourstrength lies, and all our work. OSTER CHARLES C. BURLEIGN said he thought that Mr. Foster misapprehended the position of the Free Soil party,and also our relation to that party. Friend Foster'spositions would necessarily carry the idea thatthe slaveholding power was the greatest anti-slaveryinstrumentality in the country, which he could not believeor admit. Mr. Burleigh then went on, with hisunrivalled power of reasoning, to review Mr. Foster'sargument, and to exhibit his own views of the theory,philosophy and efficacy of our movement. HARLES URLEIGN slaveholding power anti-slavery J.B. SWASEY briefly reviewed Mr. Foster's positions,saying that he thought there was some truth in whatMr. F. had said, but he felt that it was exaggerated byhim. He especially thought that Mr. F. had statedmuch too strongly the readiness of people to join thenew party he proposes. The men to join such a party,Mr. Swasey thought, do not exist. In regard to numbers,we should be just where we now are; the nowparty would be made up of the old Disunionists, andno others. WASEY Adjourned at 1 o'clock, to moat at 2.  AFTERNOON, FRANCIS JACKSON in the chair. FTERNOON RANCIS ACKSON Mr. FOWLER, of Cambridge, opened the discussionof the afternoon session with a speech in which heshowed that all reforms were progressive, and shouldnever expect to lay a permanent platform or an abidingConstitution; for the very next step onward led off andaway from it. The Constitution of yesterday wouldbecome too narrow for to-day. He went on to showthere from that the church constitution and the politicalconstitution, framed in the past, must of necessity betoo pro-slavery and narrow for to-day. He advertedto his own experience. He had been silenced as apreacher, because he desired to be true to God and humanity,rather than faithful to the creed or constitutionof the church; while his classmates, who declared thatthey would preach the creed because it would pay,were allowed to remain in good standing. OWLER Mr. GARRISON, from the Committee on Business, reportedthe following resolutions:— ARRISON, 8. Resolved, That If the Legislature of Massachusetts,at its present session, shall repeal or essentiallymodify the Personal Liberty Bill, (except to make itunlawful to seize any man as a slave on our soil,) atthe insolent dictation of the Slave Power, or the moreintolerable selfishness and cowardice of Gov. Gardner,it will be act of such abject abasement and treacheryto the cause of freedom as shall consign to lasting infamyevery Senator and every Representative votingfor it. 9. Resolved, nevertheless, that to put any man ontrial before any commissioner or jury, in this Commonwealth,or any where on the earth, to determine theissue whether he is the property of another man, is anenormity to be scouted in every community, whethercivilized or savage; that, in so far as, such a trial isrecognized and provided for by the Personal LibertyBill of Massachusetts, that Bill (however it may conflictwith the Fugitive Slave Law or 1850) is deplorablydefective; and, therefore, as Massachusetts can gono further under the present national compact, and inorder to put a perpetual end to slave-catching on hersoil, she is morally bound, by the highest considerationsof justice and humanity, to secede from theUnion, in which she cannot protect the fugitive slave,except by perfidy or rebellion. 10. Resolved, That we welcome this annual occasiononce more unitedly to express, what individually weever so warmly cherish, our deep and grateful sense ofobligation to the friends of our cause in every city andtown in the British Empire from whence their sympathyand aid have so constantly been extended to us:and among their numerous ranks, it befits this occasionespecially to name our honored friends, the Webbs, theAliens and the Haughtons, of Dublin; the Patons andthe Nichols of Glasgow; with all who so essentiallyaided our earlier struggle by the voice of GeorgeThompson;—the Wighams of Edinburgh, the Armisteadsand Luptons of Leeds; the name of Estlin, withthe Armstrongs, the Tribes and the Carpenters of Bristol;the Steinthals), the Chapmans, and the Michel's ofthe West of England; the Sturges, the Reids, and theMassies of London. And whether this aid, for whichwe so cordially thank them, has reached us in the formof testimony against slavery, generous friendship andhospitality towards ourselves and our representativesas the advocates of freedom, or pecuniary help in carryingon our cause, we desire most emphatically to assurethem of its great effcacy in regenerating publicopinion, (the spring of all action in the United States,)and in furnishing our own hearts with the strongestadditional motive never to be found wanting to the sacredduty in which we are so nobly seconded. 11. Resolved, That, since the briefest historical retrospectof the last quarter of a century would be imperfectwithout an expression of feeling, in view of onegreat and holy life which the world has there seen sounreservedly and strenuously devoted to the welfare ofmankind; and since that whole noble life, now approachingthe term that gives freedom to speak thewhole truth concerning it, has a peculiar claim on ourhearts, we feel privileged by our cause to express toHARRIET MARTINEAU. while yet there is time, ourdeep, affectionate and reverential gratitude for the benefitof her labors, the honor of her friendship, and thesublime joy of her example. our ARRIET ARTINEAU. Rev. C.E. HODGES, of Watertown. said that, in hissearch for truth, be had felt the utter lack of trust intruth that pervaded the whole community. He hadlooked among politicians in vain,—there was no truthamong them; to the Church,—there was no faith there;and in the whole community, there were but few whohad any faith or trust is truth. In the anti-slaverymovement, he had found more faith in truth andrighteousness than any where else—more real faithand hope; and here he had found that steadfastness ofpurpose and principle that be found no where else. Itwas, therefore, with sorrow and discouragement thatha had heard the remarks made by Mr. Footer of a despondingcharacter. This, be thought, indicated anundue impatience. We must wait patiently, and withtrust and hope. ODGES Mr. GARRISON then road from the Daily Journal anotice of our yesterday's meeting, and commented onthe readiness of that paper to report any discouragingor desponding remark, while it omitted to report thoseremarks of all the other speakers, which were filledwith the spirit of hope and joy at our clear and undeniableprogress. ARRISON Daily Journal spirit of hope and joy at our clear and undeniableprogress. He then proceeded to speak of the various stages ofprogress through which every truth-loving mind mustneeds go. We may be in a false position to-day. honestlyand sincerely, and be entirely praiseworthy forour sincerity and truthfulness. But our next step onwardwould put us in a truer and better position,—andso on. Let us, therefore, give honor to these who aretruthfully honestly seeking truth and right, eventhough they may not be in a true and right position. Mr. G. then went on to show at length the improprietyand evil of political organization and action on ourpart. J.B. INNIS, of Salem, made a few remarks in defenceof the anti-slavery character of the United States M Mr.EDMUND QUINCY, in behalf of the Nominating Committee,reported a list of officers of the Society for ing year:— NNIS   DMUND UINCY   President—FRANCIS JACKSON, Boston. President Vice Presidents—Andrew Robeson, New Bedford;Edmund Quincy, Dedham; Adin Ballou, Milford;Joshua T. Everett, Princeton; Effingham L. Capron,Worcester; Jefferson Church, Springfield; OliverGardener, Nantucket; Henry I. Rowditch, Boston;Josiah Henshaw, West Brookfield; Caroline Weston,Waymouth; Benjamin Suew, Jr., Fitchburg; GeorgeMiles, West minister; James N. Buffan, Lynn; CyrusPierce, Newton; John T. Hilton, Brighton; ThomasT. Stone, Bolton; Bourne Sposner, Plymouth; WilliamWhiting, Concord; Ezekiel Thatcher, BarnStable; David P. Harmon, Haverbill; Charles LenoxRomond, Salem; John clement, Townsend; AtkinsonStanwood, Newburyport; Lewis Ford, Abington. Vice Presidents Corresponding Secretary—Samuel May, Jr., Leicester. Corresponding Secretary Recording Secretary—Robert F. Wallcut, Boston. Recording Secretary Treasurer—Samuel Philbrick, Brookline. Treasurer Auditor—Edmund Jackson, Boston. Auditor Counsellers—William L. Garrison, Wendell PhillipsMaria W. Chapman, John Rogers, Eliza Lee Follen,Anne W. Weston, Edmund Quincy, Charles K. Whipple, William I. Bowditch, John T. Sargent, CharlesHovey, Charles k. Hodges. Counsellers The report of the Committee was unanimously;accepted, and the persons therein named duly electedofficers for thee current year. Mr. Quincy, in making his Report, also readfollowing letter:— NEW YORK, Jan, 18, 1856 EW ORK FRANCIS JACKSON, Esq., RANCIS ACKSON President of the Mass. A.S. Society. Boston President of the Mass. A.S. Society. Boston DEAR SIR—Having taken up my residence in thiscity, it becomes my duty to resign my office as onethe 'Board of Managers' of your Society. Thanking thefriends for the honor so long conferred upon me, offering you and our associates my best wishes for the success of our common cause, and amusing you and theof my hearty cooperation in all just measures to bringslavery to a perpetual end. EAR IR I am, my dear Sir, ever. Yours faithfully, C. BRAMHALL Voted. That the thanks of this Society be givenCornelius Bramhall, Esq., for his long and faithfulservices as an officer of this Society. Voted, That the Corresponding Secretary communicate the vote of thanks to Mr. Bramhall. Adjourned to 7 o'clock. EVENING. EDMUND QUINCY in the chair. VENING. DMUND UINCY The Quartette Club again sang the 'Rock of Freedom'. The Society was then addressed by J.B. Swasey,STEPHEN S. FOSTKE, WILLIAM WILLS BROWN,and MissFRANCES E. WATKINS, a young colored woman of Baltimore,free born, yet a sufferer from the cruel prejudiceof ignorant and narrow-minded white persons, addressedthe meeting in a simple but touching manner. Ibrief remarks were very warmly applauded. TEPHEN OSTKE ILLIAM ILLS ROWN, RANCES ATKINS Mr. GARRISON reported the following resolutions. ARRISON 12. Resolved, That this 8oeiety would take the opportunityof its annual meeting to record its tribeof sincere respect for the memory of the late JohnBISHOP ESTLIN, whose death at Bristol, England,June last, has deprived the anti-slavery cause, theworld over, of the pretence of a most intelligent angenerous friend, whose counsels were full of wisdom,whose labors were constant and untiring, and whoseheart always warmed to the great principles of freedomand humanity which this Society maintains. Gratefulfor his friendship, his fellowship, and invaluable anddeeply respecting his lofty and disinterested characterand with sincere sympathy for her, who. of his familyalone survives him, and who so largely slaves his apartwe shall cherish his memory as one of the rich treasures which the cause freedom has bestowed upon us. ISHOP STLIN 13. Resolved, That in the recent times demise of our venerated friend and unswerving coadjutor. WILLIAM IASHURST, Esq., of London, the cause of emancipatein America, and the cause of liberty throughout theworld, have met with a great bereavement; for hishospitable home was ever open alike to the advocates ofthe American slave and the noble refuges from thedespotism of Europe; and with his pen and purse. Itwas never weary in giving his brave testimony and theefficient aid to every movement on British sold for infreedom and elevation of the suffering classes, and toevery struggle in other lands to liberates the victims ofan overshadowing despotism. ILLIAM SHURST 14. Resolved. That we again give the right hand abrotherly regard to our clear-sighted and fearless friendand fellow-worker. PARKER PILLSBURY, now in England;that we rejoice in his labors and in his success,in the many friendships he has made for our came andnot less for himself, and in the faithful resistances ofhas borne against every kind of pro-slavery. andagainst the lukewarmness and apathy of many of theprofessed friends of the slave. Fully conversed of theradical and thorough work he has done in Great Britainin behalf of genuine anti-slavery, we heartily bidhim God-speed; and whenever improved health shallwarrant his return to our shores, we pledge him ourheartiest welcome. ARKER ILLSBURY 16.Resolved, That a Constitutions which provides fora slave representation and a slave oligarchy in Congress—which legalizes slave-hunting and slave-catcherson every inch of American soil—and which pledgesthe military and naval power of the country to manyfour millions or chattel slaves in their chains—is to introdden under foot, and pronounced accursed, howeverunexceptionable or valuable may be its provisions. 16. Resolved, That the one great issue before thecountry is, THE DISSOLUTION OF THE UNION.in comparison with which all other issues with the SlavePower are as dust in the balance; therefore, usualgive ourselves to the work of annulling this 'with death.' as essential to our own innocency, and itsspeedy and everlasting overthrew of the slave system. 17. Resolved, That in the invitation extended byprofessedly anti-slavery committee, to that brazen andshameless advocate of man-stealing. Senator RobertTOOMES, of Georgia, to come to Boston to defend thenefari practices of the South, after his insulting boast that hewould yet marshal his slaves around the base of BunkerHill monument, and defy Massachusetts to liberate andof them; and in his reputable appearance last eveningin the Tremont Temple, boldly to do his worst against thesacred rights of man, and to defend 'the sum of allvillainies,' the world is presented with the climax ofeffrontery, on the one hand, and of gratuitous fully ofthe other; and it clearly indicates how low is the morecondition of the metropolis of the Commonwealth respecting the most revolting system of oppression knownin the annals of time. OOMES WENDELL PHILLIPS then addressed the meeting. ENDELL HILLIPS [N.B. As a full report of this speech, and othermade this evening, was taken is short-hand, and willappear elsewhere, no further sketch is here attempted. The resolutions before the Society were unanimouslyadopted. The following resolution, offered by Wendell Phillipsfrom the Business Committee, was also unanimouslyadopted:— 18. Resolved, That this Society rejoices in the abolitionof the separate colored schools in the city of Boston,as the triumph of law and justice over the prideof caste and wealth; and recognizes in it the markedadvance of the anti-slavery sentiment of the State. ☞The amount received by the Finance Committeeat this annual meeting, with that taken at thedoor for entrance at evening meetings, was $380.00.Amount pledged and payable during the$867 75. Adjourned, sine die. FRANCIS JACKSON, President President SAMUEL MAY, Jr.,Secretaries of the Meeting AMUEL AY Secretaries of the Meeting 

 CALEDONIA, Dec. 8th, 1855. ALEDONIA MR. EDITOR: R. DITOR Being one of that free and outspoken class very appropriatelystyled 'Free-Thinkers.' and having beenoften prostrated by that levelling weapon, that knockdownargument or the priest, 'Infidel,' I have been ledto note the following thoughts on Infidelity, which Isubmit to your disposal. Infidel Contrasted with the boundless unknown, the infinitestore of unexplored facts, laws and relations existingin and throughout the limitless expanse of infinitude,man's prevent stock of knowledge may end does appearvery small. From this stand-point, it may consistentlybe affirmed, that as yet, man has hardly entered thevestibule of knowledge; has hardly read the preface tothe great volume of Nature; ay, has not even graspedthe full extent of a single principle. But when consideredas the rudimental attainment of infant minds,or contrasted with what may be conceived of as a stateof total ignorance, man's knowledge-temple seemsreared mountain-high, and it may be reasonably alleged,as the serpent in the garden predicted, (and asit is said God afterwards acknowledged,) that 'manhas become as a God, knowing good and evil.' So admirablyadequate are the present facilities for education,that the delicate pages of new-born spirits aresoon figured over with the presorted wisdom treasuresof the past, while the present, with its multifariousproductions, is easily daguerreotyped upon their impressiblesurface. What of man's physical nature andits relation to the physical universe, of his intellectualand moral natures, and their relations to one another,to the external world, and to the great Spirit centre,may not now be learned by a few years' diligent study?Possibly, very much; yet no truth is more apparent,than that a sufficient knowledge of these several relationsmay be attained to answer all earthly needs, andif heeded, to render the possessor quite happy; for beit known, happiness in this or any other sphere of existencecan be secured only by the strictest adherenceto and observance of Nature's unchangeable conditionsor laws. Here, then, is presented the solution to thegreat problem, the answer to the all-important query—'Why, possessing such a vast deal of knowledge andapparent wisdom, is man yet so miserably sick and unhappy?'Because of his infidelity to known truth, toknown right, and to known justice. full infidelity to known truth, toknown right, and to known justice. Yes, the world is full of infidelity. Mankind knowthe truth, but live it not; understand the law, butheed it not; realize the validity of certain relations,but walk in daily conflict with the same; discern theright and the just, but trample them under their feet.In private and in public, in Church and in State, self-evidentrights and truths are conceded, and self-evidentwrongs and errors practiced. Governments avow certainprinciples to be the only foundation for just andequitable legislation, but immediately abandon them,and rear a superstructure of rags and tatters, nurturingand sustaining the blackest kind of villainy andcrime. Churches of all denominations sound their devoutand holy professions and purposes abroad continually;their bloody hands and groaning coffers revealingthe while the blasphemous mockery of their pretending. Thus it is that institutions and nations, as well asindividuals, are infidel—untrue to their highest convictionsof right; and thus has it been in all ages of theworld of which we have any credible history. Therehave been many tellers, but few, very few DOERS of thelaw. infidel right OERS Solomon, in his day, developed and published manyhigh-toned and significant truths, but did he live thosetruths? And which is the wiser, to proclaim a truth,or to live it? There can be but one answer, viz,—tolive it! Then, in all sincerity would I submit the query,who are the true and faithful of our day? the loudmouthedpretenders, or the noiseless, unpretendingdoers? Or who the untrue, the infidel—those who, asfast as they discover the path of duty, walk quietlytherein, sounding no trumpet to attract the attentionof the multitude; doing no alms to be seen of men;performing no rites that they may seem to the worldto be religious; or those who thunder forth continuallydeclarations of their devotedness to their God and loveto their brethren, but who move in hourly conflict withsome physical or spiritual relation of their being?How strangely has a priest-ridden world reversed thefacts in answer to the above proposition! When willmankind learn that fidelity is a living, practical obedienceto truth, and infidelity its opposite? But, castingthe unrighteous judgments of man to the wind, ofwhich they are the offspring, let us inquire—Why domankind thus live a lie, rather than the truth? Whyare they untrue to what is so clearly seen to be rightand just? Because, first, of a hereditary predispositionand educational proclivity towards man-worship,which always leads to a copying of false example ratherthan of righteous precept—to an elevation of menabove principles. Second, a general super sensuousness,which ever calls for a present indulgence andgratification, without regard to ultimate consequences.Third, because of an undue reverence for the sayingsand doings of the ignorant past. And, finally, an ignoranceof the soul-cheering truth, that happiness isalone to be gained by living in harmony and coincidencewith law and relation. And here, too, is suggestedthe only reliable antidote for the evil. Let thisone great truth be fully realized by rational and intelligentman, that duty and subjective utility are one,or, at least, are so correlated that to do the one is toanswer the demands of the other; that love begetslove, and well-doing well-bring; in short, that thatcentral desire in man for happiness can only be gratifiedby an unerring fidelity to truth; and those constitutionaland educational misdirection's will as surely beoutgrown, and the world be cleansed from the bane ofinfidelity, as that man will choose pleasure before pain,happiness before misery. T.C. live proclaim live tolive it! fidelity infidelity man-worship men principles. 

 AT THEAnnual Meeting of the Massachusetts A.S. Society.Friday Evening, Jan. 25, 1856. Annual Meeting of the Massachusetts A.S. Society.Friday Evening, Jan. MR. PRESIDENT, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. R. RESIDENT ADIES ENTLEMEN. I entirely with the sentiment of that last resolution[the 16th]. I think all we have to do is toprepare the public mind, by the daily and hourly presentationof the doctrine of Disunion; events, which,fortunately for us, the Government itself, and otherparties, are producing with unexampled rapidity, areour best aid. I agree entirely with the remarks of Mr.FOSTER, which he made from his seat to night. TheMost mischievous thing in the world is a good man in afalse position; the better he is, the more dangerous heis. The whole difficulty with men who call themselvesanti-slavery, in this community, is, they are not willingto sacrifice any thing for their anti-slavery. Thegreat mission of the Abolitionist is, to go about and askhis fellow citizens, not whether they are anti-slavery—for there is hardly any body indecent enough to confesshe is pro-slavery—but what they will sacrifice for theiranti-slavery. I do not care how broadly or emphaticallya man vents his hatred of slavery—the only manof any use is one who has a clear sight, and adds tothat a willingness to sacrifice something for what hesees. The difficulty with the community is, they arenot willing to sacrifice any thing for their anti-slaveryprofessions. There is anti-slavery enough in Massachusetts,judged by its words. Men trust too much tothe present political excitement. We had as much in1819 and '20, At the time of the Missouri Compromise,things were even better than now. We do notcarry Congress by making the great men of the oldparties our vassals. We have carried it by crowdingcut the Everett's and the Winthrops, and putting inyoung men, politically speaking. In 1819, Otis wasthe mouth-piece or the Anti-Slavery party of Massachusetts,—himself the idol of the Whig party, whichowned the State. Massachusetts was not' a house dividedagainst itself,'—it was a Commonwealth speakingby the lips of its own idolized son. Nothing came ofit. Why not? Because, behind all that, there was nofirm, religious, radical principle, that understood itself.if there had been, the Missouri Compromisewould not be a lump of gold on a barren soil,—a singlenoble struggle, with no root to it, and no fruit.Look at the record of that day! The speeches andpamphlets are as full, as bold, as decided, as to-day.One of the Representatives from a Northern State, onThat occasion, after finishing his speech, was addressedby a gentleman from one of the Southern States, whosaid to him—' Why, sir, if your principles were carriedout, every slave would cut his master's throat.'And the Northerner, who had just taken his sent,urged his lazy head over his shoulder, and said—'Why,in God's name, should they not?' And that is as bolda speech as we have had in Congress this year. Hedid not even condescend to stand up and take any noticeof so idle a threat; he merely threw the remarkover his shoulder. OSTER words. It seems to me that what the Missouri strugglewanted was, meeting just like ours,—with no roof tothem. That is the way in which I should describe aregular anti-slavery meeting. The political meeting isroofed in by the hopes of WILSON and the dangers ofSumner. The religious meeting is roofed in by thecredulity of ADAMS and the 'sleepless pillow' ofWinslow. But we have got a roofless meeting, where,were is no Union to save, and where you may denounceState, sad the Church itself, if you choose. ThatA great gain. When the men who organize to over-rowslavery say—'This is so vital and important aquestion, that we may call up every thing in the county,sacred or profane, and take it all to task, and sacrificeit all, if necessary, to get rid of this evil'—then.understand the depth and power of slavery.Then man says he is an anti-slavery man, I want tohim what he knows of slavery. Do yon know itscharacter, its influence, the value of the rights itaces in jeopardy? If so, then you know that theUnion itself, Church organizations, Sunday schools,Tract Societies, Bible Societies, are but dust in the balancecompared with the benefit of getting rid of it.That is the argument which the Anti-Slavery Societiespresent to the people, and that is the background ofsentiment and intellectual conviction which alone canmake the present political struggle worth any thing. ILSON DAMS The fault I find with the Free Soil leaders is not whatthey are doing,—they are doing, I suppose, all they seebe possible. The injury they do is this,—that in thecourse of doing this second-rate work, they are placingat hazard that radical anti-slavery sentiment which isnecessary to save them when they fail, as they will fail,their political efforts. When Kansas is admitted,Cuba annexed, the Fugitive Slave Law confirmed,—when Caleb Cushing, with his hands full of money andheart full of lies, has purchased those ten men heboasts were never wanting to carry an Administrationmeasure,—when all this is done, and all the good effortsof gallant and honest men in Congress have proved to bein vain, what is beyond? They have prepared nothing.They come down to the people and say—'We have gotaccount to render: we have done nothing; we aredefeated.' What is the popular sentiment they haveprepared? Where is the public opinion awaiting themin they come home, and ready to say—'Gentlemen,we have done the best we could inside the Constitution,let us go outside of it'? It seems to me thatthe public sentiment they ought to have prepared, orcast countenanced and aided us in preparing. Atvery last meeting, we saw one of the most fatalmelancholy instances of the potency of the SlavePower. It was JOHN PIERFONT,—a man, his browof sixty years scarred in many a gallant fight, his nameforced watchword of many a noble battle-field, hischaracter, not won in one, nor ten, but in many contestsfor Justice, Freedom, Temperance,—we saw eventempted beyond his strength by that public opinionthrough which the Slave Power makes anti-slaverysentiment, radically uttered, starvation, martyrdom.see it every where you go. I take his name, becausestrongest. I could take LONGFELLOW, his widespread pinions, borne aloft on a world's applause,gathering fame from foreign and Indian song, able todown upon the prejudices of America, floating inclear blue of the poet,—yet he has trailed his wingsthe dust, consenting to strike out every anti-slaverysentiment from the costliest edition of his poems! ButLongfellow,—he is a boy, a trifle, a straw, comparedthe gray-crowned head of PIERPONT, broughtto the dust before slavery. OHN IERFONT ONGFELLOW IERPONT Then you go through literary and political ranks.find slavery gaining such trophies, what do youof it? A VOICE—'What did PIERPONT do?' OICE IERPONT Mr. PHILLIPS—He published an edition of his Firstis Book, the idol of many a school-boy, the cornerstone of his fame, which, rightly viewed, had run itscourse and slept in blessings and left out every anti-slaveryhint and line; yes, and dated the preface, whenheart of New England was eating itself with indignation,the day or the day after Anthony Burns walkeddown State street! And then, on this platform, withintwelve months, defended the act! HILLIPS say, that any man, who is thoroughly penetratedthe conviction of the importance of such a fact asknows that slavery is so potent and importantvital, so deeply spread and securely anchored, thatmust have something stronger than politics to graphwith it. And while I would not put a straw in theof those men who are doing their duty in Congress.the fault I find with them is, they have prepared notcha refuge, after efforts which all men see mustif they had said to religious and political society—'Go on' put down this love of the Union forever;the people any there is something better than theconstitution,—yes, the liberty and justice which it wasto secure,—while we go out and try to do what wewithin the circle and fetter of the Constitution,'—would have been content. Correct perspective. Clear-sighted appreciation of therelative value of things, is what we lack. Many a manpulls down with one hand as much as he builds withthe other. Weigh WARD BEECHER, with his pulpit, hiseloquence, his influence, his name, ready to crowd thelargest walls with applauding thousands, of a sectsand parties, to welcome him to the banks of the Mississippior the Penohseot, against his countenance, in theIndependent, of calumnious attacks upon one who hasdone more than himself to fare the slave in the Carolinas—PARKER PILLSBURY. (Cheers.) I would givethe Benchers, one and all, the most unmixed praise forall they have done and are doing, if they would only setup the scales, and tell the world, in unmistakable tones,which weighs the most, in their opinion, the AmericanChurch, or the rights of the slave. While that wordremains unspoken, I tremble even at every noble deedthey do for the slave, remembering that coward andvenal priests will lay it as an opiate on the conscienceof a Christ less church. Yes; that is the great balancewhich the Anti-Slavery Society, as in Milton's story,holds up always before the eye of the nation. Unions,churches, parties, legislatures, kick the beam before theGod-given rights of the American slave in the otherscale. Whoever does one single act which even seems touphold the American Union, without flaring this othertestimony ever in the face of all men, it an enemy tothe slave, and it is our duty to criticize him. ARD EECHER   Independent ARKER ILLSBURY. STEPHEN FOSTER can do a better duty than organizea political party; it is, to stand like Mordecai in thegates of CHARLES SUMNER'S Senator ship, and say—'Donot trust him! That his heart is true, only trebles themischief of his position.' That is a hard word to say;but next December, he will owe us thanks if he is savedin the Senatorial chair, and not tricked out of it by,this Jesuit Governor, who means to make himself Senatorin the place of Sumner; and nothing but anti-slaverysentiment that will trample Know Nothinglodges indignantly under its feet, radical as we canmake it, will save even CHARLES SUMNER. If there isany man here who loves the Free Soil party, let himwelcome such meetings as these. The game I have indicatedis the one which is to be played, and the Republicanparty cannot fight that battle with any mere politicalorganization; they cannot meet those secretlodges, break that banded and marshaled host arrayedagainst them. Every man, off the pavement ofBoston, believes Gov. Gardner. You may think itimpossible, but I assure you it is so. They do believethat he tells the truth! You who stay at home, donot esteem this a traveller's lie. Off the pavement,he it believed; and, unless something more radicalthan any anti-slavery which the present Republicanorganization preaches be taught, unless the necessityof putting men of truth and honor on that floor, inorder that the experiment be tried out under the bestauspices, be put frankly and fairly before the people,and with it, that other conclusion, that when it hasbeen tried, under such auspices, with such fidelity, andfailed, there is no remedy except dissolution-unlessthat sentiment be created, you will not have yourSenator to boast of. TEPHEN OSTER HARLES UMNER'S us HARLES UMNER. The world takes a long time to move. We shallall go to our graves, perhaps, before Massachusettsswings out of the Union. We cannot expect so greatand radical a change, even in a generation. We havedone a great deal. Why, Boston's pet iniquity, theColored School, we have beaten to pieces. (Applause.)The Whig party left it a legacy to the wealth of Boston.I did not expect to live to see the day when thepride and wealth of Boston would yield the ColoredSchool; but the love of equality and justice, the humanesentiments of Massachusetts, have prevailed. Itis a great gain. And second to that is the public sentimentof the country counties, which is ready to throwoff their vassalage to the city. Mr. Foster thought Mr. Banks might be hypocriticalin his declaration, that, under certain circumstances,he would 'let the Union slide.' Perhaps he is so; butthe hypocrite is usually a sagacious man; and when asagacious world ling finds it his interest to put on theguise of the Abolitionist, that is proof of progress, init not? It is proof of a great change when a young,aspiring men like Banks, puts on the cowl of anti-slavery,and stands before twenty millions of people,declaring that, under any conceivable circumstances,he will 'let the Union slide.' What political aspirant,with office waiting, at he thought, on his words, everbefore this ventured as much? Such meetings at thesemay claim that they have made such courage and franknesspossible, without risk of ruin. I listened with the greatest interest to our youngfriend from Maryland (Miss F.E. WATKIKS;) and itwas s sad question to ask, if there was no hill, no forest,no glen in Massachusetts where we could shelter a slave?I do not feel like calling myself very boldly a successfulanti-slavery man, while that is true in Massachusetts.We all know it. The saddest moment of my life waswhen I looked into the tearful eyes of Anthony Burns,sod he asked me the question—'Is there nothing youcan do for me?' and I went down into the recesses ofmy own heart,—I called up in my mind judges, jurors,government, statutes, churches, the wealth of old civilization,honored State names—one after another theysank beneath me, and I could only answer him—'No,there is no hope for you in the city of Boston, nor in theCommonwealth of Massachusetts; there is no thread oflaw to hang a hope upon.' I went out of his cell withthe conviction of what a waste and failure civilizationhad been in our own loved Commonwealth. There wasa man, doubly entitled to freedom, for he was not onlyborn free, but had achieved it by his own right hand,—he sat there before me, and often as I had boasted ofBoston and Massachusetts, there was not a shred of protectionto offer him. The noblest function of the State,the protection of the innocent man, was wanting; and Iswore by the living God, that I would lay no such flatteringunction to my soul again; that I would leave notone unturned, no word unspoken, until I had made itpossible in the streets of Boston for any man to tell hisname. (Applause.) I mean to keep that oath, if beforeit Church and State go down alike. I mean to keepit at the sacrifice of the most honored names that anyparty can offer. What I demand of the Free Soil leadersand of the pulpit is, not that they shall carry freedomto Kansas, or prevent the annexation of Cuba, but,while they do their own work, that they shall labor withme to create such a public sentiment is Massachusettsthat we can save the old Commonwealth at last, as therefuge-place of any slave who wishes to sat his footupon its soil. ATKIKS I believe that the settlement of this question is tocome at last. State by State. We cannot expect to takeup a colossal Union of twenty millions of people and fourmillions of slaves, valued at two hundred millions ofdollars, and destroy it at a blow. That is not the waythese questions are settled. We shall clutch them offState by State. Wisconsin is almost ready for it. Iasked the Chief Justice of that State what he would doif Judge McLean had been there and arrested Mr. Boothand put him in jail. 'Sir,' said he, 'I would haveput Judge McLean there by his side.' Let me see sucha Chief Justice is Massachusetts, and I will find a placefor Massachusetts law to rest upon; and let no judge,no authority of the Union presume to say that a lawsealed by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is notthe law, as our Court now decides. Yes, Wisconsin isready for the dissolution of the Union, on the precisepoint upon which will come the conflict—the Judiciary.There is more danger in judges than in Congress. Heresits upon oar platform Miss DELIA WEBSTER, who hasfound what the Judiciary of Kentucky really is. Herfreedom was sacrificed, her property wrested from her;and the Judge who signed the warrant to commit her toprison, immediately before quitting his seat wrote hisresignation, knowing well he had been the tool of wealthand malice; and when he who succeeded the official bywhose authority she was imprisoned signed the warrantby which she was released, he was told that be would returnedout of office before a twelvemonth,—and he wasWhat store monstrous prostitution of judicial office canbe found in the record of the Jameses and Charlesesthan that? ELIA EBSTER Slavery knows the power and influence of the Judiciary;knows that if it can fasten on the neck of the peoplethe idea of the sacredness of law, it can keep themquiet for half a century. We have two means by whichto fight them; one is, to put on these benches menlike the Chief Justice of Wisconsin; and the second is,to educate the people into the conviction that a had lawto better broken thin obeyed. (Applause.) That parchmentis not law which issues from a drunken House ofRepresentatives at Washington, and to not to obeyed.Open the doors of Congress, and while Doctors of Divinity,like Sharp, kneel down and kiss the wine-bespatteredlintels of the doers of the House of Representativesat Washington, and say of their votes—'These arethe enactments of the most High God; obey them Christians!whether you think them, right or wrong!'—letus teach the nation to say to those drunken and riotousmen—'This bloody parchment to not law, and wewill not obey it! We are to judge all things is virtue of the sovereigntyof the individual abolition conscience. If slaveryis not so very bad, hug the Union, love it, spareit! If yon like servile priests like Adams, venal poetslike Longfellow, old men grown gray in the service offreedom brought at last to the ground, sacrificed beforethe altar of Slavery, like that honored head of Pierpont;if you like a history such as ours, written allover with servility; if you like men dug up from thedepths of public contempt, and elevated to high officialpositions, like Caleb Cushing, who to doing more to fixthe fate of this Union than any single man has donefor twenty-five years,—if you like such things., havethem! But if in all this you recognize the influenceof a system so powerful, so dangerous, so deadly, thatit is worth while to risk any thing to get rid of it,then be an Abolitionist; make it your business, nomatter what shall be the consequences! I wouldtrample altar. Constitution, the Union itself under myfeet, if by no other means I could reach the slave.(Loud applause.) For what man makes is dust, weighedagainst man himself, God's own creation. No Free Soil party shall ever hear a word of criticismfrom me, if they will have a preamble to theirplatform like this:—'Slavery to the worst thing onAmerican soil. Man is the only thing sacred. If wecan lift him up from Carolina soil in no other way, wewill put the State and Church down there, andcrowd him up!' After they have given the outsideworld to understand this as their first principle,then let them say-'la the mean time, we think itpossible we can save Kansas, keep Cuba out, repeal theFugitive Slave Bill, utter a thousand glorious orationsin Congress, and therefore mean, as a preliminarystep, to do it, or, at least, try. But, in the meantime, understand, you men and women who stay athome and educate the children, who create the publicopinion, and save us when we fail,—understand, thatwhen you raise the long and universal cry, "Downwith the flag itself! if in no other way we can reachthe slave," you shall have CHARLES SUMNER at thefirst mate of that ship.' (I must put GARRISON as captain.)(Cheers.) HARLES UMNER ARRISON You see, the difficulty is, to get this public sentimentbehind the politicians. We cannot afford a generationof failures; we have had enough. If there hadbeen a GARRISON alive in 1819, we should have savedDANIEL WEBSTER. I think DANIEL WEBSTER was asgood as CHARLES SUMNER, in the main, if you hadtaken him early; and I am not certain")hat FRANKLINPIERCE might not have been made into something decent,if he had been taken early. (Laughter.) Ifthere had been behind the Missouri Compromise areligious sentiment; if, when Jonathan Mason hadcome home after his vote, no man had taken him bythe hand, we should have had no more traitors in Massachusetts.I remember that one day, when he was onthe Common, I joined with other boys in hissing him,near the Frog Pond, and that hiss was the glory of myboyhood. JOHN QUINCY ADAMS came home and walkedround Boston Common, and there was bat one man inthe city who shook hands with him. He had votedagainst State street! But JONATHAN MASON camehome, and every body played whist with him; he couldgo any where but into polities. There was no religioussentiment at bottom—no principle; it was a mere matterof dollars and cents—a political struggle, whichhad no root in the hearts of the people. ARRISON ANIEL EBSTER. ANIEL EBSTER HARLES UMNER RANKLIN IERCE OHN UINCY DAMS ONATHAN ASON Mr. BANKS says we shall have twenty Stairs fromMexico, if a Slavery Administration comes into powernext time. Then where to Congress? The Union,then, to a mockery and a sham. And yet, in the judgmentof a man better competent to decide than perhapsany man just now, that is to be the result of the electionof a man like Pierce. Yet I was assured in Illinois,a month ago, that Douglas could carry the State.And then, if Pennsylvania goes too, where are we? ANKS My argument shall always be to Abolitionists—' Ido sot ask you to go against the Union, unless I canshow you a cause worthy of it. If the Orthodox denominationto worth more than the principle whichcalled it into being, cling to it! If the Union is worthmore than individual and public honor, and the sacredrights of man, then cling to it! But if individual servility,national disgrace, and monstrous injustice, arenot to be prevented but by getting rid of the Union,and even of the Church, in order to reach the slave,then make up your minds which you will choose. My friend FOSTER to for hurrying convictions intoaction before they are ready to follow him. We wantthese meetings, small or large. The very fact that theyare held in something. Congress has act said or donemuch for six weeks past, but it to a perpetual blister.It is drawing the attention of the whole country, doingnothing. I wish it may go on doing nothing. The factthat a Disunion meeting to actually held in Boston is agreat thing to me. The fact that it to held here is thereason a Southerner condescends to coma to Bostonto lecture on Slavery. When the slaveholder comesdown from that position which Calhoun and Clay occupied,and says—'I am willing to look two thousandMassachusetts men in the lace, and tell them why Ithink slavery is a goad institution, he has got a gooddeal lower than fifteen years ago.' OSTER And do you remember where we drifted from?Webster made it his boast that he had never discussedslavery in the Senate. Benton did the same; andClay, in 1839, proclaimed that it would be moral treasonto discuss slavery. And now, we have half a dozengentlemen,—no, not gentlemen, (applause,)—sendingback answers to a Boston Committee, giving reasonswhy they will or will not tell Massachusetts why slaveryis a good institution. This to a very great change.The discussion en the floor of Congress is to be, how weshall separate, and what shall be the arrangements;and you will not live many years before you will seethat happen, if we have a judge as bold as the one inWisconsin.—a man who shall dare to put Judge Curtisla jail, if he should undertake to set aside the laws ofthe Commonwealth. Remodel your Supreme Court,put JOHN A. ANDREW in the place of Judge Shaw,and you will see the Personal Liberty Bill executedin Massachusetts. When we shall see ROCKWOOD HOARor JOHN A. ANDREW in that place, that will be thebeet Personal Liberty Bill. We no net need new laws,we seed new judges. gentlemen, OHN NDREW OCKWOOD OAR OHN NDREW You will never see, this side the Mississippi, the bayonetedof free and slave States marshaled opposite eachother. It is not the function of the Yankee nation.But you may see two great courts, like those of NewYork and the Union, arrayed against cash ether, andcheck mating the Government; and when it comes, itit is the first  of Disunion; the first blow ofthe god Ther's hammer which is to Break the Unionasunder.  I think it probable this question is to be fought atlast by the Judiciary. After all this political discussion,I want something that will maintain your courts;that will knew an the right side the young man of thelegal profession, (meet of them right now.) that are tocome into prominent life soon. Get me such a feelinghere in State street, and in Massachusetts, as will undertaketo carry out that Personal Liberty Bill, in defianceof the United States Court, and the Governmentwill dread it more than the rebellion at Syracuse.—Maintain that bill if you can; but a far more importantthing is, to put judges on the bench who will carryit in their hearts, whether it is on the statute book ornot. That is the beet anti-slavery I know. I do not believe much in common politics; that it ispossible to send men to the Massachusetts Legislature,or to Washington, who will. some of them, not bebought. When I hear the boast of that arrant trailer,Caleb Cushing, with thirty or forty millions of dollarsto spend, (that he can always find or buy ten mento support ab Administration measure.) I do not believethere is any political virtue capable of withstandingit. Put three hundred men into a house, and letforty millions of dollars flow in at the window,—iniquitywill come out at the door. (Laughter and applause.)CHARLES SUMNER is a goad man, and hecannot be bought, and WILSON also; but they are notthe majority. There are always little clever averagemen, whose claim to votes has been, they never offendedany body by having opinions, and they can alwaysbe bought; and they count just as much as Sumner.In politics, there is always trade. Trade lies at thebottom of it. The party has got to trade. Our hope is not in a party, the very first act of which wouldbe to accept a platform built by STEPHEN FOSTER, andsweep it off immediately for one an inch lower; and bythe time the party had been in existence a twelve-month,the platform would be so changed he would notknow it. My friend FOSTER would start with a platformthat every good man would kiss but before atwelvemonth is over, suppose the Commonwealth convulsedwith the discovery of Gardner's plot to throwSumner overboard and make himself Senator, howmany of our friend's new party would cling to him,for the magnanimous purpose of being counted merely,when such an issue trembled in the balance, andthey thought their votes would help the honest side?In my opinion, our friend FOSTER'S whole party wouldgo over. No, I do not believe in such machinery; butI do believe in this,—in a public sentiment like thatwhich met Judge Kane when he put PASSMORE WILLIAMSONinto jail; a public sentiment that is easilyaroused to defend the highest legal principle; a publicsentiment which has already converted half, if nottwo-thirds, of the young talent of the bar in the NorthernStates, and has on its side the ablest men who willstand before juries ten years hence. Only give mejudges that will array Massachusetts against the Union,and she will pluck herself out. Checkmate this governmentin the matter of fugitive slaves, and it wouldbe the first stunning blow that would call the SouthernStates to the necessity of discussing a dissolution of theUnion, or settling the whole question in some way.That is a question more easily managed than politics. HARLES UMNER ILSON  TEPHEN OSTER OSTER OSTER'S ASSMORE ILLIAMSON I have not talked half as much as this question asmy heart dictates, for I incline to the opinion, thatwhen the fight shall finally come, on the question ofSlavery or Liberty, it will be settled by the Judges, notby Congress. We never shall conquer there We shallbe defeated there on the Kansas question—on the Cubanquestion—on the Mexican question—in the Presidentialelection, beyond a doubt. When it is done, then Ithink the way to fight is to come home to Massachusetts.CHARLES SUMNER would be four times the useto this Commonwealth as its Chief Justice that he isas its Senator. Take all those Free Soilers home fromWashington and cabin them up in the Commonwealthof Massachusetts, and they will be of great service. HARLES UMNER A VOICE—' How are you going to get CHARLES SUMNER,on to the bench?' OICE HARLES UMNER Mr. PHILLIPS—Just as you got him into the Senate,—byvoting. By that same public opinion thatfloated up Gen. WILSON to a seat in the Senate of theUnited States. It is not votes, however, that will determinethis question-that will bring Massachusettsout of the Union. HILLIPS ILSON I am looking at this question as a practical one.When my friend FOSTER has got fifty thousand votersin Massachusetts, and FRANCS JACKSON and EDMUNDQUINCY as candidates, and has elected them, what arethey to do? They are to march to the State House andsay—'Mr. Clerk or President, I am chosen from theCounty of Middlesex a Senator'; and be will hold upthe Constitution and say, 'Will yon take that oath?''No, sir,' the answer will be. 'Then you may gohome.' OSTER RANCS ACKSON DMUND UINCY Mr. FOSTER—They would not be obliged to take thatoath. OSTER Mr. PHILIPS—NO executive or judicial officer canassume office, even State office, without an oath to supportthe Constitution of the United States. Now, if Ithought that even one man could be put inside atState House, by my vote as a Disunionist, to argueDisunion there, I would go forward and vote for him,if I conscientiously could. Then I should ask him, thefirst thing he did, to propose a Convention of the oldCommonwealth, whose object should be to get us out ofthe Union. But I cannot get him in. I cannot producethat Disunion action through the Legislature.Last year, we had to convince them that the PersonalLiberty Bill was constitutional before they would passit. Mark you! I can put a judge on the bench, andin the exercise of his judicial function, he can checkmatethe United States Court by the very machinerywhich the present Government has set up. If I couldget the Free Soil party to swear that the first act theywould do when they got into the Legislature would beto call a Convention to take into consideration Disunion,I would any amen to their election, though I couldnot vote for them. But that door is sealed against us.Mr. FOSTER cannot open it, even with the whole countyof Worcester on his side. That is the reason why, as aDisunion Abolitionist, I look more to judges to producethe first blow that is to chrystalize this anti-slaverysentiment into practical life. It seems to me the departmentfrom which it will most naturally come. Wisconsinis practically out of the Union at this moment.Why did not Pierce or Cashing send somebody to putBooth back into jail? He has no right to be out, accordingto the United States legislation. The UnitedStates put him in, the State judges took him out, andtold the United States judges to help themselves ifthey could. And there that Court stands, defied bythe young State of Wisconsin, and the President of theUnited States dare not attempt to execute his own statutes.That is a great step;—are you aware how great?Aware that at this moment the Fugitive Slave Law isinoperative in the State of Wisconsin, purely by the actof the judges of that State? We could take Massachusettsout of the Union in that respect in a day. Onlylet Judge Shaw say, 'I shall stand to jail any UnitedStates Judge who undertakes to disregard or overrideany State process which shall, under our ruling, annulthe Federal action under the Fugitive Slave Law,' andthe thing is done. Wisconsin is a new State. Shelaughed the law to scorn, and despised it. Let NewYork and Massachusetts take that step. You knowpower, once safely defied, touches its downfall. Thepower of the Fugitive Slave Law has been defied by oneState of the Union; there is another case of the samekind, a money issue, coming up in Pennsylvania.—Checkmate this aggressive Court, the boldest and mostpractical engine of tyrants.—led by Curtis, bedeviledby Attorney General Cashing, laurelled with the namesof Marshall and Story, merd, almost, by the reverenceNew England hears to every thing that calls itselflaw. It is the nearest to popular control. We cannotgo inside of the Government, and turn it inside out;we mast attack it outside. Revolution can come onlythrough the Courts defying each other. Begin to insinuateour Disunion doctrine into the practice of thecountry through the courts;—that is my advice.What we want more than Senators and Representatives,more than even Sharp's rifles in Kansas, is Judges notsified, not fossilized, but whose veins flow with thered, warm blood of the present century; men who areAbolitionists, who look at the  in the light of thsegreat humane principles  have ever been thesource of popular success in Great Britain—which willbe  here. Save us the Judiciary! We cannot safelyattack the Judge of , while Gov. Gardner  inoffice; 'Dana's Judge,' I must call Mr. Loring, as,but for his certificate, he would never have disgracedthe bench this year. But the anti-slavery sentiment,though it knows it is of no use to attack any manwhile such a Governor  in the chair of Massachusetts,does not forget nor forgive. The moment it getsan honest man, with the slightest pretense of anti-slaveryin his heart, into the Governor's chair, it willsweep clean the Probate Court of Boston; it will vindicateits title as child of that remorseless fate thatnever forgets! (Loud cheers.) HILIPS  constitutional OSTER          forgets! But while we cherish those hopes and keep firmthese purposes, let us pray constantly that this nobledisorganization at Washington may never nd. Maywe never see another Speaker or another House of Representatives!Like the clear, quick crack that heraldsthe avalanche, may this quarrel of factions usher in theglad sight of States separate and defiant, till Libertyand Justice bless their Union, and all races, all humanbeings, find equal protection under their laws.  

 MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON DEAR SIR,—The following, which I copy from acommunication published in the Boston Traveller,so aptly illustrates the prevailing idea regardingChristianity, that I desire to make it the subject of afew remarks in the columns of THE LIBKRATOR.—Speaking of the late Mr. Ebenezer Wheelwright, thiscorrespondent holds the following language.— EAR IR Traveller HE IBKRATOR. 'May we not believe that his uniform and devout attendanceon public worshiip, his strict observance of theSabbath, his generous support of the gospel, maintenanceof family worship, love of the Scriptures, and affectionfor the ministers of Christ, were the result of anearly renewing influence of the Holy Spirit?' Now, no doubt this writer flatters himself that hehas tried his friend according to a high standard, andfinds him possessed of all the virtues requisite to a trueChristian character; yet who does not know hundredsof men, with all the traits here enumerated, who arethe vriest scoundrels that disgrace humanity? Mr.W. may have been a very amiable man, for aught Iknow, as my knowledge of him is limited to this communication;but I should hate to have a friend of mine'damned with such faint praise' as this, after an existenceof ninety years. This system of judging menby their conformity to church ceremonies is nothing lssthan a machination of priest craft,—the same in everychurch all the world over,—and is as repugnant to trueChristianity as Judaism itself.   I consider joining a church, uniform attendance onpublic worship, strict observance of the Sabbath, regardingthe Bible as inspired, or any other church testof the present day, no more evidence of a man's beinga Christian, than joining the order of Know-Nothings,strict attendance on-political party caucuses, or a firmbehalf in the inspiration of Fourth of July creations.All history, observation and experience prove that suchtts are net reliable. Christ himself was denouncedby the Jews as a Sabbath-breaker, and yet his professedfollowers of the present time make its observance a testof Christianity. The editors of the Traveller not longsince asserted in their paper, that they considered adue observance of the Sabbath the foundation of Christianity!What a brainless, illogical conclusion! Itmight be said, with equal propriety, that the celebrationof the Fourth of July is the foundation of Republicanism!The truth is, modern Christianity has becomeso diluted with this Sabbatical, Bible-worshipping,go-to-meeting religion, that the original preceptsof Christ are no where to be found in the teachings ofits ministers or the practice of their proselytes. I haveone of those pudo-Chriitians in my mind's eye at thismoment,—a mean, grasping, avaricious man, whosesoul is hedged in by his farm fence, and whose heart isenclosed in his purse. He has an old dilapidated buildingwhich he styles a house, which he lets at rack-rentto those whom necessity compels to accept his terms,or the alternative of living' in the open air. A shorttime since, he turned a poor man, who actually belongedto the same church, out of this house, for noother crime than being totally unable to pay a few dollars'rent; and, to cap the climax of meanness, hetrusteed this man's employer for a trifling sum whichwas due him, with the full knowledge that this was thelast resource left the poor man, wherewith to supplythe necessities of his needy family. Now, this man isa modern Christian, a member of the Orthodox churchin this town, in good standing, whither he goes onSundays to thank the Lord that he is not as other menare, Sabbath-breakers, doubters of the Bible, &c. Thisman is loud in his denunciations of infidel Abolitionists,clamorous for the execution of the Fugitive Slave Law,and particularly severe upon absentees from church onSundays. Now, if by some process we could be strippedof soul, mind, conscience, every thing which raisesus above the brutes, I would not exchange the animalinstinct that remained for all this man's Christianity.And yet, be stands the teats of the so-called ChristianChurch, while he tramples upon the noblest precepts ofChrist!  Traveller  I would have no controversy with this man, or anyother like him, with regard to his particular form ofreligion, did not such men bring contempt and disgraceupon Christ, by clothing their wretched creedswith the splendor of his name. I believe with WendellPhillips, that things should be called by their rightnames; and Christ, to whom we allow matchless powersof discrimination, denominated just such men as Ihave been describing 'vipers,' and I have no desire toqualify the term. PARKERITE. Sherburne, Mass. 

 The crowded state of our columns allows room foronly a brief notice of this meeting, which, for spirit,and clear-sighted appreciation of the great principlesof our cause, was inferior to  of its predecessors.The place of the meeting was an experiment, and, assuch, was less favorable than some anticipated. A largepopulation has grown up at the southerly section ofthe city, and this fact induced the Managers to appointthe annual meeting at Williams Hall, in thatquarter, one of the most handsome, commodious, well-lightedand well-ventilated halls in the city. Aboutthe usual number of friends from other parts of theState were present, but the people of Boston did notgive their wonted attendance. This was unquestionablyowing, in part, to the fast that the place of meetingwas not central, and therefore inconvenient for residentsin the northerly and westerly parts of the city,and partly also to the extreme severity of the weather,Friday being generally considered the coldest day ofthe winter. There was however steadily present, fromfirst to last, a choice collection of reliable men and women,who are not to be counted as an ordinary gathering.  The principal discussions of the meeting centredaround our friend S.S. Foster's proposition,—which hemaintained with his customary earnestness,—viz., theformation of a new political Disunion party. Whatevermay be the probability of the existence of such a partyin the future, it was universally agreed by every otherspeaker that the present is not the time to form it, andthat the attempt to do so would obstruct the progressof the cause. Still more did the Society dissent fromMr. Foster's opinion that the cause of anti-slavery islosing ground, and needs some especial influence to saveits life. Many and striking proofs were adduced to thecontrary. The general feeling and faith of the meetingwere most distinctly that the Anti-Slavery movementis onward, and never more visibly so than at the presenthour. For particulars of the discussions, and ofthe results of the meeting, our readers will look to theofficial proceedings, which occupy so large a space thisweek. It is of course not surprising that a paper like theDaily Journal of this city,—one of the moot sycophanticand venal to be found any where among doughfaces,—should lay hold of the remarks of a singlespeaker, as is done in the paragraph following, andcarefully suppress every other sentiment and utteranceof all the other speakers who addressed the meetingduring the two entire days and evenings: Daily Journal ABOLITION CONVENTION. The annual meeting of theabolitionists of Massachusetts commenced in this cityyesterday. It is thinly attended, and the proceedingsare dull and spiritless. The chief speaker, yesterday,was Stephen S. Foster, and, according to his account,the abolitionist cause is fast retrograding. He gives itas his experience that in one half the towns in this Statethere is not a man who wants to see a disunion lecturerenter the place. The public, he says, will not listento disunion sentiments. We are glad to have testimonyfrom this source that the people are disgusted withthe disunion talk of these radicals, and that they turntheir backs upon them. It is certainly a hopeful sign.We commend it to the attention of Dr. Holmes and hisapologists. BOLITION ONVENTION. in one half the towns in this Statethere is not a man who wants to see a disunion lecturerenter the place. All we have to say of this paragraph is, that it utterlyand grossly misrepresents the meeting of which itundertakes to speak. We are more sorry to hare to say of another paper—the Telegraph, which claims a high anti-slavery character—thatit allowed this series of anti-slavery meetingsto come and go without one word of friendly notice,without so much as a bare recognition of the factthat this oldest Anti-Slavery Society in the country wasin session. Is it principle or policy which dictates thiscourse? It surely cannot be that a professed anti-slaveryjournal should not know of the existence of thismeeting. But these are mere straws. Whether Bostonwill or no, the steady progress of the anti-slavery principle,in Massachusetts, in New England, throughoutthe country is sure. Let those in whose souls the spiritof truth and of freedom has stirred, only be faithful,each in his place, and they will not fail to see that theLord himself fights for them and with them.—. Telegraph  

 NEW BEDFORD, Jan. 23d, 1856. EW EDFORD FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON My object in calling attention to the article below isto excite in the minds of our colored citizens a spirit ofindustry and enterprise that will enable them to overcomemany obstacles which meet them in almost everydepartment of business. The gentleman referred to isan old acquaintance. This is his birth-place. I haveknown him from childhood. He was a smart and activeboy. He has a mechanical genius, which beganto develop in his early days. This employment, however,did not produce compensation adequate to his ambition,and he determined to turn his Attention to a newfield of labor, which proved to be more lucrative. Mr.Johnson is now a merchant of respectability. He ishighly intelligent and wealthy; a terse writer and eloquentspeaker. The able address delivered by him inLiberty Hall, after the rendition of Anthony Burns,when Mayor French presided, and Senator Wilson, Hon.Edward L. Keyes, Edward Mott Robinson, the millionaire,and other distinguished gentlemen, made speeches,gave him a prominence among the men of talent whichmight be coveted by the favored class. During a residenceof two years in California, he was engaged inmercantile pursuits. Through his sagacity and perseverance,he realized a handsome property. He is perfectlyconversant with the various brunches of trade.There are but few men who understand better how toprosecute successfully any enterprise they may haveentered upon than he does. His amiable and accomplishedwife, through whose efforts the Female Anti-SlaverySociety was formed here, and a course of lecturessustained, did much to assist her companion duringhis absence. She managed his business with skilland prudence. She was often seen on Milk street engagedin the purchase of merchandise; then in thedrawing-room, preparing plans for buildings, many ofwhich were shipped to San Francisco. Her proficiencyin business excited admiration, and called forth expressionsof praise from all who had occasion to conferwith her in this new employment. The speculationsconceived and executed by her produced a profit amountingto several thousand dollars. I doubt if there isanother lady, of any color, in our city, whose knowledgeof business surpasses Mrs. Johnson's. Her fatherin-law was an early and zealous friend of THE LIBERATOR,and for many years an active agent for the paper.He set an example that should be emulated by thosewho are identified with him by complexion. HE IBERATOR Wendell Phillips, Esq., recently said that educationexpands the intellect; and as the doors of our publicschools are now open to colored children, their parentsshould use all honorable means to acquire wealth, whichwill exert a potent influence, and materially assist themin commanding respect from the American white people,who worship that idol. This is timely adyce, andit will be seen and felt in the future. Colored menpossess capabilities fitting them to fill any situation oftrust. Their fidelity will compare favorably with theAnglo-Saxon. They have been too long neglected. Itis the height of my ambition to see them take a boldand decided position before the world. Let them standand be judged according to their merits. The oldmarks of prejudice and proscription are slowly disappearing.There is a bright future yet for such as diligentlyseek after intelligence, position and wealth.  Yours, for the abolition of chattel slavery, and the elevation of the colored race, EZRA KELLEY. IMPROVEMENTS ON SOUTH WATTR STREET. Duringthe past month, the building owned by the heirs ofRichard Johnson, between Union and School streets,has been completely remodeled, enlarged and improved,under the direction of Mr. Ezra R. Johnson. Thestores are fitted up in modern style, and present a fineappearance. Thin business locality has increased inimportance since the steamers and Fairhaven BranchRailroad established, their depot in that vicinity. Theaddition of several large clothing establishments thathave removed to this section of the street has assistedin turning the current of trade in this department.May they all receive an increase of patronage in theirnew quarters!—Daily Standard. MPROVEMENTS OUTH ATTR TREET. Daily Standard. 

 WORCESTER COUNTY. The friends of the anti-slaverycause in Worcester County South will notice the Annualmeeting of the County Society is to be held at Worcesteron Saturday and Sunday next, and it is hoped thatthey will take especial pains to be present, or to be representedthere. Officers are to be chosen, and the workof the year determined. Let every town be represented.Now is not the time for the old anti-slavery guard tobe sleeping on their arms. ORCESTER OUNTY. old anti-slavery guard 

 FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON If any one doubts that the Church is engaged in agreat work, let him read the following list of questions,prepared and published for the anniversary meeting ofthe Sunday School in a neighboring town:— great 1. What was the name of the giant who had twenty-fourfingers and toes? 20th Chro.  2. What person had a nail driven through his head?4th Judges. 3. Who were a garment that had no ? 19th,John.  4. What distinguished man's sons had bonnets madefor them? 2th Exodus.  5th. There is only one woman whose age is mentionedin the Bible—what was hear name? 2d Genesis.  6. How many pitchers were broken by an army ofmen? What was in them? 7th Judges. 7. Where in the Bible is there an account of a temperance,society? Who belonged to it? 35th Jeremiah. 8. How many  lapped water with theirtogu like the dogs? 7th Judges.    9. Who ploughed with twelve yoke of ex? IKings, chap. 19th.  10. Who was it had thirty sons and thirty daughters?12th Judges. The foregoing questions must for ever put at rest theft-repeated insinuation, that the Sunday-School i notdoing a mighty work for the redemption of the world.The man who ploughed with twelve yoke of oxen, ourchildren should keep in everlasting remembrance; anda family or thirty sons and thirty daughters in our dayshould excite physiological inquiry, if nothing more.Hence the inquiry concerning their paternity. Andthen, the name of the giant who had twenty-four fingersand toe! How momentous the Inquiry!    In order to induce a laudable degree of religious inquiryamong our Sabbath-School brethren, I will suggesta few questions, perhaps equally important, whichmay serve them for some public occasion like the onejust alluded to:— 1. How old was the Shunamite damsel who ministeredto King David's necessities? 2. How much oil did Zadk the priest use in anointingSolomon, after he rode his father's mule down toGion!   3. What was the expense of Elijah's beard per day,when fed by the ravens at the brook Cherith? 4. What was the name of the man who drw a bowat a venture, and mote the king of Israel between thejoints of the harness?   Some more, equally important, might be suggested;and, should these be thought to poe any extraordinarymerit, more will be forthcoming.  extraordinary Yours, &c.,J. CUSHING. South Hingham, Mass. 

 CORRECTION. In the Bazaar Report, last week, theacknowledgment for the loan of the Piano Forte was incorrectlymade. Mr. JOHN D. WILLARD was the friendwho kindly loaned us its use. ORRECTION. OHN ILLARD Our thanks are also due to Mr. JOHN C. HAYN fora generous donation of Music, in sheets and volumes. OHN AYN  For the Managers. 

 Sometime since, a gentleman came to L—to attenda military muster, and having a sister here, came toher house in the evening to see the family and spendthe night. The lady had a bright little girl of somethree years of age, who, on the appearance of the gentlemanin uniform, ran to her mother, and remainedclose by her side for safety. During tea-time, and inthe evening, nothing could induce the little one to gonear the soldier; no coaxing or wheedling sufficed toinduce her to leave her mother, and finally they gave itup. After a while, the man in uniform took a light,and, bidding the family 'good night,' left the room togo up stairs to bed. The little girl followed cautiouslyinto the entry, and peeped up stairs to see him go intohis chamber. She then ran back hastily to her mother,and, clapping her hands in great glee, said—'Little Mary is n't afraid now, mamma; se monkey isdon to-bed! I see ze monkey do up a stairs, mamma;so little Mary isn't afraid now, for ze monkey has don,mamma—the monkey has don to bed! I see ze monkeydo up a stairs; I is n't afraid now.' The child hadnever seen a military company, but she had seen theorgan-grinder, with his monkey, in a red coat, andnaturally concluded that the uncle in uniform was amonkey of a larger species. P. had 

 POCKET-BOOK LOST. A venerable friend from Middlesexcounty, white attending the anti-slavery meetingin this city last week, lost his pocket-book. It containedtwo five dollar bills, one two dollar bill, and a onedollar bill. The finder shall be suitably rewarded, byleaving it at this office, (21 Cornhill.) OCKET OST. 

 Our attention has been called to a late numberof the Portland Transcript, containing extracts oflectures delivered in that place, by Hon. John A.Bolles and Dr. Solger, in which opinions are putforth that we hope find no response in the hearts ofthe citizens of the progressive and enterprisingState of Maine. We have combated many objectionsto the advancement of women, but the assertionsthese gentlemen have made are so completelyunfounded, that they can only be attributed to ignoranceor malice, though it could hardly be fromthe first cause, to judge by their titles. The Honorablegentleman's lecture, it appears, was deliveredwith a dejected countenance, and without eitheranimation or vivacity. It consisted principally ofthe oft-repeated twaddle about woman's sphere,and would deserve no notice, but for an assertionso revolting that we are astonished it could be madewith impunity in an audience of men who had theleast respect for a wife, sister, or mother. TheYankee girls are said to possess spirit; there couldhave been none present, or he would not have daredto say that 'a woman's instincts indicate hersphere, and that these tend only to maternity.' Inplain language, he regards women as a farmer regardsimported cattle. His opinion would do injusticeto a dog. He could not bare spoken lessrespectfully of an oyster. Transcript Honorable We are charitable enough to suppose that Dr.Solger's mistakes are the result of ignorance. Heis reported to have said that 'while the female sexhave always had the greatest opportunities for improvementin all matters of science and knowledge,not one of them has ever made a great and usefuldiscovery, started a new and striking idea, or doneany other prominent and lasting good to mankind.' We will do him the justice to think him incorrectlyreported in the paragraph where he is madeto say that woman has had greater opportunitiesthan man for improvement in all matters of scienceand knowledge. If we knew to what professionthe Doctor belongs, we could give him many instancesin his own vocation wherein women havedistinguished themselves; and we could more effectuallyconvict him of ignorance if we knewwhether he is an M.D., a D.D. an LL.D., or adoctor by compliment; for the title of doctor is indiscriminatelyapplied. We have known it as aprefix to the name of an intellectual giant, andnave heard it conferred upon a physical dwarf andidiot. If he be an M.D. he must know that themost valuable medical receipts are those known as'old women's remedies.' If he but open a medicalwork, he will find that a woman—Lady Montague—introducedinoculation into England; anda tyro in the art can tell him that the greatest discoveryin the unnals of medicine was made by acountry girl, and by her imparted to Jenner. Ifhe be a Doctor of Divinity, it is evident he hasnever read Mrs. Child's great work on the Progressof Religious Ideas. He would have there foundmany new and striking truths. If he be an LL.D.,he should remember the great women of literature,whose names are legion, and which any child canrepeat. But if possessed of common information,he could have told his hearers that to Queen Isabella,of Spain, we are indebted for the discoveryof this continent; that Joan of Arc was the mostsuccessful warrior of her age; that when her kingwas in despair, and the glory of her country departed,she raised the flower of France, which wasdrooping in the dust, bore it through fire, and bloodand battle, till those who had sullied its puritywere defeated, dishonored, and driven from theland, and restored the lily, fragrant and blooming,into the hands of her ungrateful sovereign. Hemight have spoken of the indomitable perseveranof Margaret of Anjou, whose efforts to retrain thecrown of England for her son form one of the mostinteresting episodes in history; not forgettingGrace Darling, that noble girl, who, when the stormraged, and the shrieks of drowning persons mademen cower with terror, risked her own life thatothers might be saved. He might have held up asbright examples of great and lasting good to humanity,such women as Mrs. Fry, who went fromprison to prison, listened to the sorrows, and alleviatedthe miseries of the unfortunate inmates,spoke to them encouragingly, and prayed to Godunceasingly that they might be reformed. And hemight have spoken of a lady now at Scutari, tending;the sick, dying, and mutilated men—men who,while gasping for breath, whisper the name ofFlorence Nightingale.  He might have told his audience of a book writtenby a woman, which has a larger circulationthan any book of the kind ever published in thiscountry: that it was translated into seven differentlanguages; and also of a lady of Nantucket, makingdiscoveries in astronomy; of Rose Bonheur,the greatest artist now living; of Madam IdaPfeiffer, the traveller; and hundreds of other women,who have done all that he says they neverhave done. If the lecturer is a doctor by compliment, hispoliteness should have prevented him from speakingso disparagingly of those who have done himno harm, and are suiting, God knows bow diligently,to obtain for themselves and their sex such positions,employment, and remuneration, that none oftheir number may be outcasts from society, andthat they may never be reduced to such distressthat chastity is no longer a virtue, and suicideceases to be a crime. 

 ☞ALONO J. GROVER, of Earlville, Illinois, hasbeen appointed a Lecturing Agent of the AMERICANANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, and is commended to the confidenceof the friends of freedom wherever he may go. LONO  ROVER MERICAN NTI LAVERY OCIETY 

 B.P. SHILLAER, Esq., in the Boston Pest ofthe 18th ult., relates some of his observations ofthe 'spiritual manifestations,' made at the houseof 'one of our most respectable merchants at thewest end of the city,' a few evenings since. Hesays: HILLAER  Pest 'Among the parties was one who was confessedlya disbeliever in all matters super-mundane,and he was requested to examine the table, in orderto convince himself that there no machineryabout it. The idea of trickery could notfor a moment be entertained, but yet the table wasturned bottom up by the medium, and it was seenthat there were no springs or wires there whichcould be pressed in to produce effects. The mediumwas a young man of 17, with an honest, pleasingface, and a physical force that scarcely warrantedthe belief that he could inform the superhuman things said to be done through his agency. The table about which the party ated themselveswas between three and four feet in diameter,without castors, and weighing, perhaps, fiftypounds. The first act that was performed wasthe watch experiment described by 'W.' A goldwatch was bung by the chain upon the medium'sright hand, his hand clenched, and tied close witha handkerchief. This hand was placed beneaththe table, the left hand upon the table. The lightswere burning in the room. A request was madethat the watch might he opened. Immediately itwas heard to wing violently, and the peculiarsounds of opening a watch were heard. The requestwas made that the watch should be closedon counting three, in order to show that there wasan intelligence in the experiment. This was doneseveral times, when, at a signal rap upon the table,the hand was withdrawn, the watch foundopen, and the cap found thrust tightly between thehandkerchief and the medium's hand. The watchwas again hung beneath the table without beingtied, when it was wrenched from the medium'shand, and placed in that of the friend alluded toin the outset, for whose especial conviction the oddspirits seemed disposed to work. He was muchstartled at the act. The watch was afterwards setat a given hour by the invisibles, and the crystaltaken out and placed in the medium's hand.   odd A large card was then taken, about ten by sixinches square, upon which was laid a sheet of paperand a pencil, held by the medium by one endbeneath the table, the end by which it was heldbeing marked in order to show that its position didnot change, when it was apparently seized by somepower beneath the table with an evident intentionof taking it out of his hand. The motion of thecard was seen by one who sat opposite, and ittouched several of the party. The pencil washeard to write, and taking up the card, a 'Goodevening to all the friends' was found written uponthe paper, to have written which the mediummust have held the card and written with the samehand, with an entire reversion of the order of writing,for it was to him upside down. This wasrepeated several times. heard The room was then darkened, even to the shuttingout of the fire-light-a course which i unsatisfactoryto those who are skeptical. But allthe trust that was required in a case like thepresent was merely that in the darkness none ofthe circle changed their places to perform the wondersexperienced, and probabilities were againstthis, for it was preposterous to suppose that anyone, unless endowed with cat-like vision, couldtraverse that crowded chamber, and pass amongthose assembled there in the dark, without jostlingagainst or overthrowing some one of them, andthe performances evinced a clear perception ofeverything.  The party then assembled about the table, when,after a few moments conversation with the invisibles,one said to his neighbor, 'Did you touchme?'—a question that several about the boardasked. A hand, delicate, soft and warm, apparentlya child's, was placed upon the back of thewriter's hand, and allowed to remain there severalseconds, drumming gently all the while. No handof the circle corresponded to it in form or character.Of this he was positive. The touch wasseveral times repeated. All at the table felt thetouch of hands. One of the party, who wore awig, had a grasp made at that article, and camenigh being scalped. One gentleman, whose handwas resting upon the medium's, was taken by thewrist, and his band thrown aside. Several wereviolently seized. The writer hereof had a grasplike a vice upon his knee, and came nigh beingdrawn from his chair by a sturdy pull at his foot.There was an unmistakable feel of fingers about itall—a spiritual palpability never drempt of inghostology, where form without substance was themost that was ever claimed. These performancesbecame, to a degree, terrifying, and one nervousindividual left the room, afraid to think that spiritualeyes were looking into his, and that spiritualfingers were picking at his toes.  The room was dark as Erebus, but yet the dfellows knew just where to grab. There was nomistake made—no pawing about in the absence oflight—but they took hold as if they saw whatthey were about. Pillows, besides, were thrownwith unerring precision, without injury to the gasshades, or any of the pictures or ornaments, ofwhich many were in the room. The top of one ofthe bed-posts was then taken off, struck violentlyupon the table, and thrown around in a manner togently touch all the party. Our infidel friendseized it, and secreted it beneath the table, where,as he afterward said, it was clutched at by theinvisible fingers several times. The medium then,in a hoarse, unnatural voice, asked the question,'How long do you expect to try, before you cancatch that hand?' Our friend confessed to havingtried to catch the hand, but it constantlyeluded him. There was an evidence in it that,whatever the power was, it could see in the dark.  The last experiment was that of overcoming thelaw of gravitation. The party formed a circle,the writer hereof, and the individual alluded to inthe above paragraph, holding each a hand of themedium, when he was lifted up as far as the armsof those holding him could reach, lifting theirarms with him, seemingly as buoyant as the airon which he floated. He lay upon the air horizontally,and his feet touched the heads of those composingthe circle. The experiment was severaltimes repeated, others of the party taking him bythe hands, with the same result, and even our infidelfriend, whose belief in miracles was not, atmay be supposed, very acute, confessed it possible,after seeing a man rest upon air, that onemight also walk upon water. 

 PRESIDENT PIE AND KANSAS. The President hassent a special Message to Congress on the subject ofKansas. He virtually takes sides with the MissouriInvaders of Kansas, and with the pre-slavery LegislatureElected by them. Ex-Governor Reeder has writtenA letter, asking a suspension of judgment on theMessage, until he has had an opportunity to reply toIt, on the floor of Congress. RESIDENT IE  ANSAS. 

 TROCHAICS. We wonder if Mr. Longfellow feelsflattered, or the reverse, by the universal burlesquingof the measure of Hiawatha. The carriers'addresses this year are very Hiawatha. TheTribune's opens thus:— ROCHAICS. Tribune's Should you ask me whence this poem,Whence the summary that follwsOf the doings of the twelve-month?I should answer, I should tell you,It was purchased by your CarrierFrom a poet in the Bowery!—Should you ask me where this potGot this wondrous New Year Poem,And especially its measure,I should say, "I guess be stole itFrom The Song of Hwatha—That tremendous Indian epic,By an erudite ProfessorIn the neighborhood of Boston,Mr. Longfellow, of Cambridge,"' etc.            The Song of Hwatha      The Evening Mirror's Carrier's Address is inthe same out-of-breath-ics. We presume theBowery poet takes in carrier's addressee to do.He has to thank the author of Hiawatha for makinghis task a very easy one. Evening Mirror's 

 ☞Will H.A. WILSON, who attended the late Anti-SlaveryBazaar in this city, have the kindu to callAt No. 21 Cornhill as soon as ? ILSON   

 TROOPS FOR TEXAS. A detachment of one hundredand thirty recruits, under the command of Brevet Cent.Gordon Granger, U.S. Mounted Rifles, arrived lastnight in the steamboat N.W. Thomas, from NewportBarracks, on route for Fort McIntosh, Texas. TheseRecruits are destined principally for the Regiment ofMounted Rifles, now serving in Texas. ROOPS EXAS. ☞And also to suberve the purpo of the bustering invaders of Mexican territory, with a view tofurther slavery extension.    

 The Executive Committee of the American Anti-SlaverySociety have issued the following Treats forgratuitous distribution:— No. 1. The United States Constitution, Examined. United States Constitution, Examined. No. 2. Whie Slavery in the United States. Whie Slavery in the United States.  No. 3. Colonization. By Rev. O. . Frothingham. Colonization.  No. 4. D Slavery Christianize the Negro! ByRev. T.W. Higgi. D Slavery Christianize the Negro!   No. 5. The Inter State Slave Trade. By John G.Palfrey. The Inter State Slave Trade. No. 6. The 'Ruin' of J. By Richard . The 'Ruin' of J.   No. 7. Revolution the only Remedy for Slavery. Revolution the only Remedy for Slavery. No. 8. To Mothers in the Free States. By Mrs. E.L. Flle. To Mothers in the Free States.   No. 9. Influence of Slavery upon the White Population.By a Lady Influence of Slavery upon the White Population. No. 10. Slavery and the North. By C.C. Burligh. Slavery and the North.  No. 11. Disunion our Wisdom and our Duty. ByRev. Charles E. Hedges. Disunion our Wisdom and our Duty. No. 12. Anti-Slavery Hymns and ngs. By Mrs.E.L. Foll. Anti-Slavery Hymns and ngs.   No. 13. The Two Alters; or, Two Pictures in One.By Mrs. Harriet B. Stowe. The Two Alters; or, Two Pictures in One. No. 14. 'How Can I Help to Abolish Slavery?' or,Counsels to the Newly Converted. ByMaria W. Chapman. 'How Can I Help to Abolish Slavery?' or,Counsels to the Newly Converted. No. 15. What have we, at Individuals, to do withSlavery? By Susan C. Cabot. What have we, at Individuals, to do withSlavery? No. 16. The American Truck Society; and its Policyof Suppression and Silence. The American Truck Society; and its Policyof Suppression and Silence. Being the Unanimous Remonstrance of the FourthCongregational Society, Hartford, Ct. No. 17. The God of the Bible Against Slavery. ByRev. Charles Beecher. The God of the Bible Against Slavery. ☞Application for the above Tracts, for gratuitousdistribution, should be made to SAMUEL MAY, Jr., 2Cornhill, Boston; to the Anti-Slavery Offices, 13Nassau, street, New York, and 31 North Fifth street,Philadelphia; to JOEL McMILLAN, Salem, ColumbiansCo., Ohio; or to JACOB WALTON, Jr., Adrian, Michigan. AMUEL AY   OEL ILLAN ACOB ALTON 

 ☞A shocking tragedy has occurred at Manilla, onboard the American ship Waverley. The ship was engagedto conveying Coolies from Amoy to Havana orCall, (a species of modified slave trade,) when someor the passengers having provoked the mate, he shot oneor two, and forced the rest below, when the hatcheswere fattened down, and the poor wretches kept in thehatches, it was prison for twelve hours. On re opening thehatches, it was found that 250 of the 440  on were dead.    

 SELF-KNOWLEDGE promot health, virtue, .   R.P. WILSON, Psychometric Delitor of Characterand Clairvoyant Physician, 285 Seventh street, ,Ohio.   TERMS: For Chart, according to System of Phrenology, and a written DelineationCharacter, $2 00. For Chart as above and Conjadaptations, $3 00. For Clairvoyant Examinationand Prescriptions, including Mental ,$5 00. ERMS    PSYCHOMETRY. Psychometry is an science. It is the true method of measuring the of the mental faculties, and the manifestations of racter.By this process, a knowledge of a person'sphysical power and endurance may be obtained—intellectual strength and capacity delineated—spiritual or moral qualities unfolded—the racialclearly defined, and the proper sphere of atfor which each one is adapted, so  as tosure success in life, it proper directions are carriedout. No object can be at more practical importancethan Psychometry to the parent—the teacher—'dent—the physician—the lawyers, or the reformer,by its wonderful power the secret impulses of may be discerned, and the true methods of directingeffort may be clearly made known.    racter. proper sphere  success in life practical   true Jan. 4. 4t 

 For the Misdemeanor of a speech in Faeuil Hall Kidnapping, before the Circuit Court of theUnited States, at Boston, April 3, 1855.   Trade supplied by JOHN P. JEWTT &CO. D7 3w 

 THREE GOOD JOURNALS FOR 1856!adapted to all readers in every family: LIFE ILLUSTRATED; A FIRST CLASS FAMILYPAPER, devoted to News, Literature, ,The Arts; to ENTERTAINMENT, IMPROVEMENT,PROGRESS. Published weekly, at $2 a year.  NTERTAINMENT MPROVEMENT ROGRESS. THE WATER-CURE JOUNAL:dropathy,its Philosophy and Practice: Physiology,Anatomy, and the laws of Life and Health. years.  THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL Devoted to all those Progressive measures forElevation and Improvement of mankind. Illustrated.$1 a year.   For THREE DOLLARS all three of these Papers will besent a year. HREE OLLARS ☞Samples gratis. Agense wanted. Begin !  FOWLER AND WELLS, 308 Broadway, New York. Dec. 21. 4t 

 Presented to the N.E. Meeting, convened at the ,Sept. 19th and 20th, 1855, by Mrs. .Mrs. Dall, and others, and the Rtionspassed at that meeting.    Price, 10 cents. For sale at BELA MARSH'S13 Franklin street, and 21 Cornhill. The usual counton large orders.  

 MARRIAGE AND PARENTAGE. ORTHE REPRODUCTIVE ELEMENTMAN, AS A MEANS TO HIS ELEVATIONAND HAPPINESS. BY HENRY C. WRIGHT. SECOND EDITION, ENLARGED. Just published and for sale by BELA MARSH, Franklin street. Price, $1.00.  July 20. 3m 

 MADAME CARTEAUX would respectfully informsthe ladies of Boston and vicinity, that her establishment,removed from No. 284 to 365, WASHINGTON STREET, ASHINGTON TREET is now in successful operation. She will attend to Cutting and Dressing Ladies andChildren's Hair, Dyeing and Champooing, is the approved style, and warranting to give satisfaction.  She has also a Hair Restorative, which cannot be excelled,as it produces new hair where baldness taken place.  N.B. All kinds of Hair Work made to order. Madame C. has opened a Branch of her Saloon atNo. 2, Lodale Block, Providence, R.I.  Nov. 16. tf 

 49 TREMONT STREET.(OVER LEONARD &CO'S AUCTION OON,)  BOSTON. Dr. M. is a regular graduate in dental and Surgery, and operates on the most .    Boston, Sept. 28, 1855 6m 

 THAXTER &BROTHERS, Opticians, (John Pierce,) have removed to  139 WASHINGTON STREET, Two doors south of School t.  October 19.   

 No. 43 GOUCH STREET. (Corner of Merrima street,) BOSTON  N30   

 BIOGRAPHY OF AN AMERICAN BONDMANBy his Daughter. For sale at 21 Cornhill. Price 26 cents. Boston, Jan. 2, 1856. 

 On Arch and Fountain Streets, On Arch and Fountain Streets, WORCESTER, MASS. ASS. THE Proprietors of this Institution aim to make it acomfortable home for invalids at all . location is elevated and healthy, yet easy of  fromall parts of the city.    The medical department is conducted by Dr. S. ,and has never been limited to the exclusive  ofwater in those cases which seemed to require treatment.    There has recently been created a first-class upon the grounds belonging to this institutions,which is under the charge of an experienced .   For term, &c., address E.F. ROGERS, Superintendent. Out-door practice attended to. Office hours, P.M.  Worcester, Jan. 25. 

 WITH  OF SEVERAL.  DISTIGUISHED COLORED PERSONS; To which is added a brief survey of the Condition andProspects of Colored American. To which is added a brief survey of the Condition andProspects of Colored American. BY W M.C. NELL. WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY . . STOWE.   Just published, and for sale at the Anti-Slavery ,  Cornhill. Price, $1..     

