 The negro Wilson, convicted of the murder of thecaptain and mate of the schooner Eudora Imogene, sufferedthe penalty of the law yesterday at White Plains,Westchester County. The gallows, built with two uprights and a crossbeam upon a low platform, was erected in a yardabout forty feet square, surrounded by a very highfence, adjoining the Court House. About one hundredpersons were admitted within the enclosure, by obtainingDeputy Sheriff certificates from Sheriff Little. Twomilitary companies, one from Morrisania, and the otheror from Sing Sing, were present to preserve order.—Without, was a crowd of between two and three thousandpeople, many of whom had come from New Yorkand adjacent portions of the country to be present at theexecution. Most of these were debarred from witnessingthe spectacle by the high fence. The roofs of theCourt House and a building near by, from which asight of the dreadful scene could be obtained, werethronged with spectators. The culprit, since his conviction, had entertained thehope of a reprieve, and he continued quite firm in thisexpectation up to the midnight of Thursday. His spiritsthen began to fail him, and he slept but little duringthe night. On the morning of the fatal day, he partookof a slight breakfast, and seemed altogether bereftof the courage which accompanied him during the severetrials that preceded his conviction. At his request,no one but the minister in attendance was permitted tosee him. About 12 o'clock, the hangman visited the cell andprepared the culprit for his doom, by attiring him incoarse overalls, a white shirt bound with black, and ablack cap. He then lay down upon his couch, and remainedalone until 1 o'clock, when the Sheriff, accompaniedby the coroner's jury and hangman, went to hiscell, and informed him that his time had come. Thewretched man was so overcome with the summons, thathe was unable to walk to the scaffold, and the officerswere obliged to carry him to the spot. Upon reachingthe gallows, he fell prostrate, and perfectly helpless onthe platform. All strength seemed to have desertedhim. He was lifted up, placed in a chair, and a glassof water administered to him, which temporarily revivedhim. As he sat there, he looked a perfect pictureof despair. In answer to a question from the clergyman,he said that he wished no farther religious exercises,but that he might be left to die in peace. The Sheriffasked him if he had anything to say. He repliedthat he was innocent. The rope was then adjusted to hisneck by the hangman, the cup pulled down over hisface, and the Sheriff, with one blow of a hatchet, severedthe lines by which the weights attached to the otherend of the main rope were suspended, the weights,(six of 50 lbs. each,) fell, and the culprit was suddenlyjerked up to the height of two feet. His death was almostinstantaneous. He struggled once or twice, andthen all motion ceased. Twenty-five minutes afterwards,the physician in attendance examined the body,and announced that all life was extinct. The neck wasfound not to be broken. The remains were then cutdown, and placed in a coffin for interment. The hatchet used upon the occasion was the instrumentby which it is supposed that the murderer perpetratedhis atrocious crime. During the execution, the stoop of the Court Houseand a neighboring shanty broke down under the weightof the crowd upon them. No one, however, was injuredby the accident. 

 Mr. Burlingame has given to the public a full andfrank statement of all the facts relating to the contemplatedduel between Mr. Brooks and himself. We givethe concluding portion of his letter:— It will be remembered by Mr. Bocock, that I expresslyrefused, in our subsequent interviews, to permit theword 'honor,' with respect to Mr. Brooks, to be placedin the statement by my trends, and that because ofsuch refusal he thought Mr. Books would deem it unsatisfactory.Mr. Brooks, I think, on a close examinationof his friend's statement, will fail to find those'aplogies' which he says there indicated. Wouldit not have been wise on Mr. Books, and more in accordancewith the 'code' we hear so much of, had hesent a note to me in the first place, instead of resortingto an irregular way to obtain my views? My answer, it seems, was satisfactory, and he wasimpressed with that I was an elected gentleman.On his own showing, the affair was closed, andI may say, without doing injustice to Mr. Bocock, thata request was made hat I should keep the transaction secret. Nearly two weeks after this, Mr. Bocock, as Mr.Brooks states, came to me with the singular requestthat I would permit a statement of the conversation wehad together to be placed in the hands of Mr. Brooks.I am confident it was a request which could not havebeen willingly made by Mr. Bocock. It is not necessary to disclosethe reason given for this remarks proceeding. I looked at his statement, and when I hadread the first part, I thought it did me injustice; butwhen I had read the paper more carefully, I saw thatwhatever may have been Mr. Bocock's intentions, itwould do my injury, and I refused to give my consent to it. Thus things remained until the following day, whenMr. Bobock addressed me a letter, from which, it notbeing private, I extract the following, having referenceto my refusal to endorse the statement in a previousinterview. 'The real point of the matter is, that you did not intend to reflect on Mr. Brooks personally.' After suggestinga number of ways by which this could be stayed, he writes: 'It may be done by your saying, in replyto this note, that you did not intend to reflect onMr. Brooks personally.' Again—'I am sure you oughtnot to object the latter course.' These few words disclose the desire of Mr. Brooks,through persuasion, to get something which might satisfyhis friends for neglecting me in his liberal calls ongentlemen for personal satisfaction. I did not reply tothe letter in writing, but stated to Mr. Bocock that, asthe matter seemed complicated, it might be better forboth of us to hold our future conversations in the presence of others. I consulted the Hon. George Ashmun and Mr. Speaker Banks.I stated to them, as nearly as I can remember, that Iobserved in my speech the rules of personaland parliamentary decorum; that I could not qualifyor retract any portion of it; and that I held myself responsibleto any gentleman aggrieved by it. To avoidmisunderstanding, I desired my friend, Mr. Ashmun,to refuse my views to writing, which he did, approvingthe position taken by me, as also did Mr. Banks. Mr.Bobock said Mr. Brooks would not deem my positionsatisfactory, yielded nothing. Another interview was had, when I adhered to the as drawn by Mr. Ashmun, which wascopied by Mr. Banks. When the friend of Mr. Brooksleft, it was not known whether it would be satisfactoryor not. I understood Mr. Bocock to say that he thoughtthat it would not be. I must say I was surprised whenI saw the memorandum the next day in the Union, nothaving received notice that it was satisfactory, and appendedto the speech of Mr. Brooks in such a way as togive the impression that it was extorted and not perfrom me. That it was liable to misconstructionI soon ascertained.  Union  Still, I think I should have left it as it was, had Inot heard, on what I deemed good authority, thatMr. Brooks and some of his immediate friends wereclaiming that I had yielded to his menace; that he had'backed down the North, and conquered Massachusetts.'Knowing in my soul that such was a gross perversionof what I meant by my statement, I determined at onceto make myself understood. Accordingly, I publishedthe following card:—[See Liberator of last week.] Liberator On the same day I received a note from Mr. Brooks,which will be found elsewhere. from the hands of Gen.Lane. From this point, the history of my connectionwith this transaction is most clearly and truly statedby my esteemed and gallant friend, the Han. Lewis D.Campbell. His statement I append hereto. Of the conductof Mr. Brooks in this affair, I can scarcely trustmyself to write. I owe into truth to say that, fromwhat I had heard and seen of him, prior to his assaulton Mr. Sumner, I had formed a high opinion of him;and that act, which I have properly stigmatized, I didthink must have been abhorrent to his better nature.—In remembrance of my opinion of him, and feeling thatthrough bit conduct I could still detect traces of a gallantry,which, some day, might cause him to condemnas heartily as others did his assault on Mr. Sumner, Ihad a larger charity for him than did most of myfriends; indeed, I have been blamed for intimating theopinion, that, in spits of that act, he was yet a braveman. Even as late as my conversation with Gen. Lane,when he stated that Mr. Brooks desired a speedy meeting,I felt a glow of admiration for him as a gallantfoeman; but I was wrong. The expressions of kindnessfor him, in which, following a proclivity of my heart, Ihad indulged, were entirely misplaced. Out of regard for his feelings, inasmuch as he was sotender of mine. I will abstain from any further expressionof my opinion, but leave men of honor to determinehis position in view of his own conduct. In response to his numerous insinuations, lot him takemy reasons. Why did he linger in the district where hewas exposed to arrest? The intimation that my friendsarrested him is unworthy even of him. I do not knowthe man who did it. The dearest friends I had couldget no clue from me of the affair. I thought Mr. Brookswas in earnest, and prepared myself to meet him sternlyand without fail. If he was afraid to go to Canada,the nearest neutral ground, why did he not name someother place? Was I not equally with himself exposedto the hazard of a foreign jurisdiction? He could havereached the place of meeting in a few hours, keepingmost of the way in the States of Pennsylvania and Maryland,but this he deemed the 'enemy's country.'—Where is a friend's country for me? Is it here, wheremy comrades are smitten down without warning. Here,where to make the defence of free speech effectual, I,against my early teachings, and the deep sentiments ofmy people, have been driven, that I might secure a littlefair play, and an approach to an equal chance, togo to the field even with Mr. Brooks? I think Mr. Brooks should not have based so manyanticipations of danger to himself, on the possibility ofmy filling. I have not heard that anybody who hadfair play, ever fell before that arm whose single blow inthe House, its owner thought, would bring on a revolution.It would have been a happy circumstance for mehad I shown half as much regard for my reputation asmy gallant friend did for his life. Then my name wouldnot have been linked with one whose adroitness in gettingout of difficulty is only equalled by his shrewdnessin securing from an unsuspecting man what he tried toconstrue into an endorsement of his courage. I can endorseit no longer, and now give him full notice. It is kind of Mr. Brooks to hand me over to the reprobationof men, and then to propose to admit me to theposition of a gentleman, provided I would challengehim. He seems to have forgotten how, in his card, hehad just stated it was said of me that I would not send,although I would accept, a challenge. If I cannothereafter praise the gentleman's courage, I can commendhis prudence. This is revealed to us in the fact,that, without seeking another place of meeting, herushes into print in such a way us to make me forgetmy triumph in the shame I feel at the conduct of myantagonist, as if suspecting that I might change theplace, he closes the door against it, by stating that heshould have no further demands upon me. I now dismiss, so far as I can, the ex-member fromSouth Carolina from my mind. Self-respect requiresme to say, that I can never again recognise, save to dohim a kindness, if it should in my power, Preston S.Brooks. I hand him over to that public, North andSouth, which is ever scornful of those who boast much,and perform little. And now I hereby submit myself to the public. whoseconvictions. I fear, I have invaded. I pray them to rememberthat forgiveness is a higher quality thin justice.I cast myself on their generous hearts, which arealways tender and always loving. Let them not forget, when passing on my conduct,the sneers I have seen and the taunts I have heard —how the old State we all love has been insulted, andher cherished Senator stricken down, and how he yetlingers in almost helpless illness. As you of my own Stale remember these things, youwill not entirely blame me if, in a moment of indignation,I was willing to stand up at the hazard of my life,and, whit is dearer than life, for the insulted honor ofthose who have always been kind to me. I am no duelist.I seek no man's life. I have but acted in the spirit of the speech I madewhen I said that there were men from the Old BayState, who would defend her honor mid the freedom ofspeech in whatever field they might be assaulted. Mycourse became to me a defence of liberty against slavery,and a struggle for freedom of speech against freedomof the bludgeon; and the only way which seemed to beleft was here, by which we could defend ourselves. A. BURLINGAME. Washington, July 28, 1856. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ERMS ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDollars, of payment be made in advance. ☞remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements making less than one square in-votedthree times for 75 cents—one square for $1 00. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania and Ohio Anti-Slavery Societies are authorisedto receive subscriptions for the Liberator. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of the debtsof the paper, viz:—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLIS GRAYLORING, EDMUND QUINCY, SAMUEL PUILBRICK, andWENDELL PHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON LLIS RAY ORING, DMUND UINCY AMUEL UILBRICK ENDELL HILLIPS. ☞the columns of THE LIBERATOR, both sides ofevery question are impartially allowed a hearing. HE IBERATOR 

 The undersigned is authorized, by an American gentlemanresiding in Scotland, to offer a premium of TWOHUNDRED DOLLARS for the best original tract, not exceeding24 printed pages duodecimo, to be entitled, TheFamily Relation at Affected by Slavery. WO UNDRED OLLARS TheFamily Relation at Affected by Slavery. The authors will be expected to treat the subject in akind, candid, and Christian spirit, illustrating the perniciouseffects of slavery on the social, domestic andreligious character of families in their various relationsof husband and wife, father and child, master andservant, etc., etc., and its consequent bearings uponsociety at large. social, domestic andreligious The manuscripts must be sent in sealed (with a privatemark, and accompanied with the author's namein a separate envelope with a corresponding mark,) onor before the first day of November next, to CharlesStoddard, Esq. Boston. The Committee of Awardwill consist of Rev. Francis Wayland, D.D., Providence,R.I.; Rt. Rev. Thomas M. Clark, Providence;Charles Stoddard, Esq, of Boston; Rev. David Brown,D.D., of Glasgow. Scotland. The premium will be paid by the undersigned as soonas the award shall have been made by the Committee. JOSEPH P. THOMPSON. New York. July 11, 1856. 

 THE U.S. CONSTITUTION IS 'A COVENANT WITH DEATHAND AN AGREEMENT WITH WILL' ☞'Yes! IT CANNOT BE DENIED—the slaveholdinglords of the South prescribed, as a condition of theirsent of the Constitution, there special provisions toTHE PERPETUITY OF THEIR DOMINION OVER THEIR SLAVES. The first was the humanity, for twenty years,of preserving the African slave trade; the second wasTHE STIPULATIONS TO SURRENDER FUGITIVE SLAVES—onagreement positively prohibited by the have of God,delivered from Sinai; and, thirdly, the exaction, fetalto the principles of popular representation, of a representationfor SLAVES—for articles of merchandise, underthe name of persons. . . . In fact, the oppressor representingthe oppressed! . . . To call government thus constituteda democracy, is to insult the understanding ofmankind. It is doubly tainted with the infection ofriches and slavery. Its reciprocal operatives upon thegovernments of the nation is to establish an artificialmajority in the slave representation over that of thefree people, in the American Congress; AND THEREBYTO MAKE THE PRESERVATION, PROPAGATION AND PRESERVATIONOF SLAVERY THE VITAL AND ANIMATING SPIRITOF THE NATIONAL GOVERNMENT.—John Quincy Adams. John Quincy Adams. 

 BREAKDOWN ON THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD. Aboutsunrise yesterday morning, Mr. Joseph A. Chadwick,mate of the schooner Danville, one of Currie &Bro'sRichmond and New York packets, heard a strangenoise proceeding, as he thought, from the cook's galley,and knowing that the cook himself was absent at market,determined to ascertain the cause of the sound. Helooked into the galley, but saw no one; he then liftedup the cook's mattress, which was lying by the chainbox,close by, and saw inside of the box a man's hand.Mr. C. immediately went and informed Capt. Chester,who was conversing with the lock-keeper, Mr. Nuckols,on shore, and the three went on board to investigatethe matter. Mr. Nuckols lifted up the cover of thechain-box, and found a negro named Tom, belongingto Mrs. James Grey, lying on the mattress, in a verycontracted space. Without further search they tookTom to the watch-house. He had in his pocket $390.68,viz: $263 in paper, $127 in gold, and 68 cents inchange, which he said he stole from his father-in-law;but this is believed to be a fabrication, as his father-in-lawalleges that he has lost no money. From the factthat the cook, a New York negro, named Lot Monday,slept on the top of the box, it was thought that he hadfurnished Tom and Martin with facilities of escape, andhe was at once taken into custody. REAKDOWN ON THE NDERGROUND AILROAD. The Mayor's investigation of the affair elicited thefacts we have given above. The two negroes, Tom andMartin, were then examined separately, and their statementsvery nearly agreed with each other; though thelatter professed to have given up the whole managementof the affair to Tom, who first proposed the schemeof escape. It appeared from their testimony, that theyleft their homes on Sunday night, and skulked aboutthe suburbs until Tuesday night, when they went downto the dock, and saw Lot Monday, for the first time, sittingon the deck of the schooner Danville. Tom askedhim if there was any chance to got off. Lot repliedthat he reckoned there was, if they could keep still andmake no fuss. Tom then agreed to give him $50 to aidthem in escaping to New York, and he put them intothe chain-box. Lot Monday has a white wife and two children inNew York, though he is about the blackest negro wehave ever seen. Tom and Martin were detained as witnesses. The Richmond Dispatch says: The Mayor remanded Lot for final trial at the Augustterm of the Hustings Court, for attempting to run offslaves to the North, and committed Tom and Martin tobe held as witnesses against him. If convicted, as heno doubt will be, the Court will send his to the Penitentiaryfor twenty years. HIGH PRICE FOR SLAVES. There has been a greaterdemand for slaves in this city during the months ofMay, June and July, than ever knows before, and theyhave commanded batter prices during that time. Thislatter is an unusual thing, as the summer months aregenerally the dullest in the year for that description ofproperty. Prime field hands (women) will now bringfrom $1000 to $1100, and men from $1250 to $1500.Not long since. a likely negro girl sold in this city atprivate sale for $1700. A large number of negross arethan one million dollars in town new seeking investmentin such property.—Richmond Dispatch. IGH RICE FOR LAVES. Richmond Dispatch. ☞Col. Schouler, late of the Cincinnati Gazette,and formerly of the Boston Atlas, has purchased theOhio State Journal, at Columbus. Gazette Atlas State Journal 

 [From the Atchison (Kansas) Squatter Sovereign] MORE TERNED BACK. The steamerSultan, having on board contraband articles,was recently stopped at Leavenworth City, andlightened of 44 rifles, and a large quantity of pistolsand bowie-knives, taken from a crowd ofcowardly Yankees, shipped out here by Massachusetts.The boat was permitted to go up as far asWeston, where a guard was placed over the prisoners,and none of them permitted to land. Theywere shipped back from Weston on the same boat,without even being insured by the shippers. Wedo not approve fully of sending these criminalsback to the East, to be re-shipped to Kansas—ifnot through Missouri, through Iowa and Nebraska.We think they could meet a TRAITOR'S DEATH, andthe world would not censure us if we, in self-protection,have to resort to such ultra measures. Weare of the opinion, if the citizens of Leaven worthCity or Weston would HANG ONE OR TWO BOAT LOADSor Abolitionists, it would do more toward establishmentin Kansas than all the speeches that establishing peace in Kansas than all the have been delivered in Congress during the presentsession. Let the Experiment be tried. ORE ERNED ACK. We think they could meet a  KANSAS. During the past six months,the slave population in this portion of the Territoryhas greatly increased. Many settlers fromSouth Carolina, Virginia, and other SouthernStates, have wisely brought slaves with them, asbeing the most effectual way of settling the questionof Slavery in the Territory. These are thekind of settlers we need here now. ANSAS. A Nice Game. Old Bullion and his satellites,Blair and Brown, are playing it out pretty strong.They pretend to be for Buchanan, when, in fact,they are his deadly foes. If they succeed in dividingthe Democratic vote, in go the Know NothingPresidential electors, and Missouri is lost to Buchanan.This will bring that beautiful son-in-lawof Old Bullion's into the House, when all the BlackRepublicans and Know Nothing will unite andmake him President. The Palmetto Rifles—28TH OF JUNE. Thememorable 28th having been decided upon as theanniversary of the Palmetto Rifles, of Atchison,was duly celebrated by a parade and banquet. UNE. At the head of the table hung the 'blood redflag,' with the Lone Star, and the motto of 'Southern Rights'on the one side, and 'South Carolina' on theother. The same flag that first floatedon the rifle-pits of the Abolitionists at Lawrence, andon the hotel of the same place, intriumph, now hung over the heads of the noblesoldiers who bore it so bravely through that exciting war. The following are among the toasts drank:— 3. Kansas—Our chosen home—stand by her.Yes! sons of the South, make her a SLAVE STATE,or die in the attempt! [This toast was receivedwith loud and continued applause.] Kansas 5. South Carolina—Our mother—she lives in ourhearts. While true to her, we know she will betrue to us. South Carolina 6. Missouri—Our ally—nobly has she stood byher youngest sister. All hail to the gallant 'Border Ruffians!'We are them one. Missouri 7. Gen. D. B. Atchison—Recognized by SouthCarolina as one fit to command—he has but to givethe order, and to a man we will haste. 7. Gen. D. B. Atchison To the just and glorious strife,With our knives Southern Rights shielding;Nay, resign, if it must be done, even life;But die at least unyielding. 10.The Hon. Preston S. Brooks—By whipping crazy Sumner, he has furnished the 2d edition ofwhat the Abolitionists call 'Border Ruffianism.'that is, the determination of honorable minds toresent injury and insult from a mouth-piece offanaticism, come from what quarter it may. The Hon. Preston S. Brooks 11.Disunion—By secession, or otherwise—abeacon of hope to an oppressed people, and thesurest remedy for Southern wrongs. [Enthusiasticcheers.] Disunion The Squatter Sovereign—May it ever receive ahearty support from that South whose interests ithas so warmly defended. The Squatter Sovereign This sentiment was received with applause, andafter a few remarks in response from Col. R.S.Kelley, three cheers were given for The SquatterSovereign. In sitting down, Col. Kelley offered ing— The Squatter The City of Atchison—May she, before the closeof the year '57, be the capital of a Southern Respecters public.[Cheers.] The City of Atchison Southern Respecters public.  By S.B. Alexander:— Kansas—The Pro-Slavery party will assert andmaintain the supremacy of the white race, or diein the attempt. By Wallace Jackson:— Kansas—WE WILL MAKE HER A SLAVE STATE, orform a chain of locked arms and hearts together,and die in the attempt. LAVE TATE By Dr. G.T. Lory— The Palmetto Flag—We brought it here in honorablereturn it the same. By W.H. Jenkins—The Distribution of the Public Lands:—One hundredand sixty acres to every Pro-Slavery settler,and to every Abolitionist six feet by two. By W.H. Jenkins—The Distribution of the Public Lands By Major E.L. Yates—Sheriff Jones of Douglas County—A martyr toSouthern Rights; may he long survive his attemptedassissination, and may his revenge be,Kansas a Slave State. Sheriff Jones of Douglas County Mr. Jenkins gave:— 'the health of D.R. Atchison, the Border Ruffian Chief.'[Drank standing.] 

 Extensive Configuration in North and Clark Streets—Terrible Sacrifice of Human Lives—Ten BuildingsDestroyed and Stay Families Rendered Houseless. Extensive Configuration in North and Clark Streets—Terrible Sacrifice of Human Lives—Ten BuildingsDestroyed and Stay Families Rendered Houseless. A serious conflagration occurred in North andClark Streets, Tuesday afternoon. The less of propertywas large, and the less of humans lift was greaterthan has accursed in Boston from any similar causefor years. The fire broke cut in the grocery store ofWilliam Doherty, in Jefferson Block, No. $24 NorthStreet, at 3 o'clock. It is said to have been caused bythe ignition of camphene from a cigar. Some personwas engaged in drawing camphene from a task, when aman who was smoking approached too near. The flames spread with great rapidity, driving thepeople from the building, but unfortunately some of theinmates were unable or neglected to escape, and wereburned to death. The most painful part of the sad story remains to betold. By the falling of a chimney from the house onthe corner of North Street and Barber's alley, one firemanwas almost instantly killed, and two or there wounded.The name of the man killed is Charles Warren,a member of Franklin Hock and Ladder Co. No. 3. Several persons, occupants of Jefferson Black, attemptedto escape by jumping from the windows, and bythis means one women was instantly killed, and two orthree wounded. Mrs. Mary Collins, wife of Daniel Collins, a ladysixty-four years of age. jumped from a fourth storywindow into North Street, and was taken up a corpse.The body was taken to the house of a daughter of thedeceased on Fleet Street The deceased leaves severalchildren. Mrs. Margaret Sweeney, wife of John Sweeney, jumpedfrom a third story window of the came building, (JeffersonBlock.) and had one arm and a lag broken. Shewas taken to the Hospital, but soon after expired. Up to six o'clock, six dead bodies, or portions ofbodies, ware taken from the ruins of Jefferson block, butthey were so shockingly burned and charred that theycould not be identified. In some instances, portions ofbodies—a trunk, leg, or arm—were found. One bodywas that of a full grown woman, in whoso arms wasclasped a email child, both bodies being so shockinglycharred and mangled that it could hardly be ascertainedwhether or not they belonged to the same person. One body was apparently that of a fall grown man.The others, with the exception of the woman, werechildren—one a boy and one a girl. The sex of theether two is not known. All these bodies were found near the same spot, beneaththe ruins at the south east corner of Jeffersonblock. For several hours after the fire was subdued,the firemen were kept playing upon that portion of theruins, while others were engaged in removing the bricksand rubbish that covered the dead. It is supposed thatthe unfortunate persons, whose bodies were found, werecollected together in one room, and that all escape beingcut off, they were prostrated by a portion of the fallingwalls. The body of the woman is supposed to be that of Mrs.Margaret Donavan, who was last seen alive at an upperwindow. Her three children are also missing. By this fire, at least sixty families are rendered house.less. Some lost all they possessed, barely escaping withtheir lives, while others who succeeded at the peril oftheir lives in saving some portion of their scanty furniture,had their little all stolen from them by heartlessthieves. Jefferson block and the four wooden dwellinghouses in the rear alone, were occupied by forty-eightfamilies, mostly Irish. Three of the bodies taken from the ruins have sincebeen identified by their friends. They are those of EllenKeeler, aged 45 years, and her two daughters, Catherineaged 15, and Mary aged 21. They resided in JeffersonBlock. The number of the dead thus far is nine, and woundedfour, mid seven missing. The total amount of propertydestroyed is thought to be about $75,000. SERIOUS ACCIDENT. A serious accident occurred onSaturday night on board the steamer Empire State,when off Point Judith, on her passage from Fall Riverto New York, caused by the collapse of the steam chimneyof the starboard boiler, thereby forcing all thesteam down the flues into the fire-room and upon themain deck, scalding 22 persons, 9 of whom have sincedied of their injuries. ERIOUS CCIDENT. Immediately after the occurrence of the accident, theboat returned to Fall River, where the best of medicalattendance was immediately procured, and everythingdone which could tend to alleviate the condition of thesufferers. The remaining passengers were immediatelyforwarded to New York by the steamer State of Maine. The names of the injured, and who have since died,are as follows:—J.C. Beach, lawyer. New York; JosephReed, East Boston; Joseph Darman, New York;Charles Clyde, New York; Joseph Richards, Bangor,Me.; Fred. Boardman, (German) New York; EzraWilliamson, 3d, (engineer) Fall River; Hiram Peachey,(fireman) Williamsburg; William McGee, (fireman)New York. Recovery doubtful. Philip Paul, New York; JohnWise, Marblehead, Mass; Henry Ketchum, Fall River;Timothy Mahony, (deck hand) Fall River; John Salters,(waiter) Fall River. Recovery doubtful. Will probably recover. Thos. J. Nixon, Taunton;Moses Benner, Hatfield; Thomas Farrel, Brooklyn, N.Y.; John Welch, Dexterville, Pa.; Nathaniel Ames,Marshfield, Mass.; Wm. Hersey, Dexterville, Pa. Will probably recover. Slightly scalded.. Michael Dayley, New York. Slightly scalded.. LATER. The Boston Herald of Monday eveningstates that fourteen persons have died of injuries receivedat the explosion on board the Empire State. ATER. Herald An explosion recently occurred at the, Cymmer coalmines, near Cardiff, England, and a frightful loss oflife was the consequence. One hundred and ten menwere killed. TERRIBLE GALE ON THE COAST OF LABRATOR. Lettersfrom Capt. Henry Cook, master of schooner Louisa,of Provincetown, state that a severe hurricanewas experienced at Green Island on the first of July.Twenty-nine vessels, out of a fleet of thirty, wentashore, and were lost, and at the date of the letters,there were three hundred and fifty-four wrecked seamenon the island, sheltered in tents At Dog Island,three vessels were lost, and the crews all perished. ERRIBLE ALE ON THE OAST OF ABRATOR. ANOTHER STEAMER BURNED—MORE LOSS OF LIFE.The steamer John Jay was burnt on Tuesday last, onLake George, near Garfield. Several of the passengersand crew perished. The bodies of four femaleshave been recovered. NOTHER TEAMER URNED ORE OSS OF IFE. BALLOON ASCENSION, No. 2. Monsieur Godard's secondascension from the Agricultural Grounds took placeon Monday evening, at half-past six precisely. Theparty that went up consisted of the aeronaut and hislady, J. Howard Sleeper, junior editor of the Portfolio,Geo. L Colburn, of Boston, and one other gentleman,a friend of Mr. Sleeper, but whose name we were unableto ascertain. There were about 10,000 persons insideand about the ground. At half-past six, the proposeof inflation being completed, the cords hangingfrom the net attached to the car, and four of the excursionistsseated within, up rose slowly and majesticallythe vast voyager of the 'upper deep,' having as anappendage, not a pony as on the former occasion, butM. Godard himself, suspended in a kind of awing, andpracticing some of the daring feats of the gymnasium,such as hanging by his heels and turning on the rope.In the meanwhile, his follow voyagers in the car waveda flag, and dispensed showers of fane, bouquets, papergarlands, & &. to the crowd beneath. A few minutespast 7 o'clock, the balloon descended near DeerIsland, on the water, but soon rose, and Moss. Godardand his companions alighted safely on the Island, withthe balloon in a damaged condition. They returned tothe city the same evening.—Boston Journal. ALLOON SCENSION Portfolio Boston Journal. 

 The Price of Niggers, and the Prospects of Disunion—Southern Secessionists and Northern DiscussionAbolitionists going for Buchanan. The Price of Niggers, and the Prospects of Disunion—Southern Secessionists and Northern DiscussionAbolitionists going for Buchanan. We call the attention of our intelligent andthinking readers, of all parties, to the article whichwe transfer to our columns to-day from the Richmond Enquirer,on Mr. Buchanan's election and theprice of niggers, and the appended speeches ofWilliam Lloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips, atan Abolition Forth of July celebration in Massachusetts.It will be seen from this testimony, thatwhile the nigger-driving and secession democracyof the South desire the election of Mr. Buchanan,because it will extend the area of slavery and increasethe price of niggers, the Massachusettsabolition leaders are of the opinion that Fremontand the Republican party will never answer theirpurpose, but that the election of Buchanan willhave a decided tendency to facilitate the great Garrisonianultimatum of a dissolution of the Union.  This compound dish of Southern nigger-drivingand secession democracy and Northern disunionabolitionism, which we thus tender our renders today, they will find to be somewhat stronger distthan the ordinary slops and water gruel of most ofour party organs and orators at this extraordinarypolitical crisis. The Richmond Enquirer undertakes very deliberatelyto show that there was no mistake in theestimates of Governor Wise, concerning the rise inthe price of niggers—two, three or four hundredper cent.—that will fallow the election of Mr. Buchanan.The argument advanced in support ofthe Governor's calculations is a good one. WithMr. Buchanan's election, and under his administration,Kansas will come in as a slave State, otherterritories will come in as slave States, including,perhaps, a slice or two from Mexico, and Cubaand several other of the West India Islands.(See Cincinnati platform and Ostend manifesto.)These accessions will comprehend a largely increaseddemand for niggers—a demand so large that thecash price of all healthy slaves in Virginia, andthroughout the South, will most likely rise fromthe average of a thousand to three, four or fivethousand dollars a head. And our Virginia contemporaryundertakes to show, that in this extensionof the area of slavery, and in this correspondingincrease of the cash value of niggers, the Northwill share in the profits of the South; and thataccordingly, in an economical and financial view,the practical dollar-and-cent people of the Northshould unite with the slaveholders of the South toelect Mr. Buchanan, just as they would unite inany other profitable joint stock speculation. Enquirer With this sort of Virginia pleading in behalf ofMr. Buchanan, it may appear very strange thatsuch fanatical nigger-worshippers as WilliamLloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips should repelFremont as unfit for the crisis, and incline rather tothe support of Buchanan. Yet they do. Garrisonsays that Fremont and the Republican party areunsatisfactory to the abolitionists, pure and simple—because nothing is promised, and nothing canbe expected from the election of Fremont towardsthe repeal of the Fugitive Slave Law, or the abolitionof slavery in the District of Columbia, or thesuppression of the inter-State slave trade. Infact, Garrison thinks that Fremont, as President,would be very apt to consent to the admission ofKansas as a slave State, if he could not prevent itwithout dissolving the Union. The great objectionof Wendell Phillips to Fremont is the same.He is not a disunoinst, and is therefore rejectedby the disunion abolitionists, with whom theUnion is a 'covenant with death. 'and the Constitutiona 'league with hell.' Phillips, in view ofthe great ultimatum of revolution and disunion.thinks the election of Buchanan would he moreadvantageous to the revolutionary cause, inasmuchas with his Ostend manifestoes, Cincinnati platformsand nigger-driving managers, be would bevery apt to precipitate the decisive issue of a sectional and servile war. Read the speeches ofGarrison and Phillips. Thus, in the strange, startling and wonderfulparty disruptions and complications of this excitingand momentous canvas, we find Mr. Buchananstanding before us the preferred candidate ofSouthern nigger-drivers and secessionists, and ofNorthern abolition disunionists. Gov. Wise andhis Richmond organ think that the expected increasein the cash value of niggers from the electionof Mr. Buchanan will pay for every thing;but the true and undisguised disunion agitation,North or South, sees, no doubt, like Wendell Philips,that Buchanan's success will be but the signalfor that final agitation which will destroy therepublic, and light the flames of civil and servile,war. In this connection, we must not overlook the position in this campaign of W.H. Seward andThurlow Weed. Gen. Webb, at Philadelphia,stood almost solitary and alone' in support ofSeward as the Republican candidate. ThurlowWeed has said that Fremont's nomination wascarried in that Convention, by an ungovernablemob.' But it was simply the general voice of themasses, opposed to this corrupt and demoralizedPierce democracy, and asking something betterthan Seward could give—it was the independentpeople and the independent press that carried Tremontso triumphantly over all his contracted nigger-worshipping and Know-Nothing competitors.Seward and his disorganizing clique and anti-slaverydisunion programme were thrown out at Philadelphia,and Fremont was nominated upon thegeneral issue of Kansas as a free State, and a conservative, domestic and foreign policy, againstBuchanan and his platform of Kansas as a slaveState, and Cuba by fair means or by foul. Sewarddoes not occupy the platform of the Republicancandidate; (for our disappointed Senator hasopenly proclaimed in the Senate, that the day ofcompromises is past, and the Charleston Mercury.the leading organ of the secession democracy,makes the same declaration. In fact, W.H. Seward,the secession democracy, and the Massachusettsabolitionists must all be classed together. Fremontwas not the choice of Seward, and his nominationwas the defeat of Seward. Fremont is notacceptable to Garrison and Phillips, for they aredriving at disunion: and he is equally obnoxiousto the Southern fire-esters, for they are driving atsecession. Mercury. In this view, we can hardly resist the conclusion,that the election of Fremont would be a fataldefeat to the principles of Seward, to Southern secessionistsand Massachusetts abolitionists, and agreat victory of the people in behalf of the Unionand a new administration. 

 ☞The Secretary of the Navy has recentlyimposed fines upon the Collins line, to the extent of$36,000, for failures of time, under their contract,owing to the employment of the Ericsson as a substitutefor the Arctic The exaction of this penalty hasled to some sharp correspondence. ☞Indian skirmishes continue in Oregon.Col. Wright was not killed, as was previously reported.Col. Buchanan, by the last advices, had had a battlewith the Indians in Big Meadow, in which forty Indianswere killed, and ten whites. ☞A man named James Semmes was shotdead in Georgetown, D.C., an Wednesday last week,by Barnard Magee, while engaged in cutting down theDemocratic pole, of which the latter was temporarilyplaced in charge. Three shots took effect, Magee beingpursued, but only the last proved fatal. ☞The Coroner's July of MontgomeryCountry, an the Northern Pennsylvania Railroad calamity,rendered a verdict Friday, the 25th, attributingthe accident to Conductor Heppel's disobedience of theregulations, and acquitted the late Mr. Van Staveron,conductor of the down train, and Engineer less, of allblame. Remarkable Escape.—The Rochester Unionnotices a remarkable escape on the Central Railroad,near Lock port. A small boy, son of Mr. Richardson,was struck by the locomotive, and thrown a distance of35 feet by actual measurement. The fireman said hefirst saw the child in the air, some fifteen feet from theground, and supposed it was a dog. Though at firstinsensible, the child had nearly recovered. Remarkable Escape. Union The Growler Fugitive.—Capt. Pillsbury haspublished in the Rockland (Ms.) Gazette, a narrativeof his discovery and care of the negro runaway, whichdoes not differ materially from the previous accounts ofthe affair. Capt. Pillsbury contradicts the statementgiven in the Boston papers to the effect that the mateof his hark is a colored man. No states that he hasnever employed a colored man on heard the Growler, inany capacity whatever. The Growler Fugitive. Gazette Death of Thomas Doughty, the Painter.—Thomas Doughty, the landscape painter, formerly aresident of Boston, died in New York on Wednesday oflast week, of a softening of the brain. Mr. Doughty,notwithstanding his fine powers, was not fortunate inhis profession as a means of pecuniary gain. Hestruggled with poverty thought life, and his last dayswere embittered by want. Death of Thomas Doughty, the Painter. ☞The Underground Railroad is still inactive operation. Ten passengers arrived at a Northernstation this week, The 'chattels' are now in aplace of safety. Neither Curtis nor Loring can catchthem, so they must lose their ten dollar fee. Poor fellows!they are to be pitied. We regret to say, thatwhen the train first started from the South, it ran offthe track, and there of the passengers were badlywounded; in other words, they were captured.—NewBedford Standard. NewBedford Standard. ☞A dreadful accident occurred on Fridaylast, in the Second Congregational Church, in Courtstreet, corner of President street. Brooklyn, by the fallingof a scaffold. Nine persons, who were on it at thetime, were precipitated to the floor beneath, a distanceof forty feet. One man was killed, three fatally injured,and the others more or less hurt. Good Old Age.—Mrs. Henrietta Hardendied in St. Mary's county. Md., on the 29th ult., havingattained the age of 118 years. Good Old Age. ☞Charles Potter, a middle-aged deaf anddumb man, was instantly killed on the Providenceand Hartford Railhead, near Washington Village, Coventry,R.I., on Thursday of last week. ☞A man named Pever made a balloonascension at Havana on the 29th of June, and waswafted over towards the sea. He has not been heardof since. Murders in San Francisco.—During the lastseven years, fourteen hundred murders have been perpetratedin and about San Francisco, and the oily itselfhas been burned down seven times. Murders in San Francisco. fourteen hundred ☞John W. Geary, ex-Mayor of San Francisco,has been nominated Governor of Kansas in placeof Wilson Shannon, removed. Repeal of the Prohibitory Liquor Law inNew Brunswick.—The Prohibitory Liquor Law hasbeen repealed by the New Brunswick Legislature by avote of 38 to 2, and the license law has been revived. Repeal of the Prohibitory Liquor Law inNew Brunswick. Railroad Tickets.—The Hudson Star saysa decision has just been rendered by Judge Mead againstthe legality of the practice adopted by the N.Y. andErie Railroad Company of charging an extra price fortickets when not obtained at the station office. Railroad Tickets. ☞A sad accident occurred on the Bostonand Worcester Railroad, on Tuesday afternoon, about80 rods east of the station at Cordaville. As the 1.30,P.M. train from Boston was approaching. two Irishwomen and one child were run over and killed. ☞J.H. Done, Superintendent of the IllinoisCentral Railroad, win fatally injured by falling underthe wheels at Hyde Park, near Chicago, and died onFriday night. ☞It was found, on the late burning of thesteamboat Northern Indiana, on Lake Erie, that numbersof the preservers had been rendered valueless byhaving been used as pin-cushions by lady passengerson retiring. 

 FREMONT, THE SECTIONAL CANDIDATE OF THE ADVOCATES OF DISSOLUTION! We propose showing,by indubitable testimony, that John C. Fremont'sleading friends are now the open enemies of theFederal Constitution; the enemies of the Union;the enemies of one-half of the States of the Union;the enemies of the laws of Congress; and the enemiesto equality of the States. REMONT, THE ECTIONAL ANDIDATE OF THE DVOCATES OF ISSOLUTION The Boston Liberator—Garrison's organ—hasfinally decided to support John C. Fremont. . . . Liberator Since the above was written, the Liberator, theinfidel and disunion organ, through its editor,Garrison, comes out still more openly for Fremont. Liberator comes out still more openly for Fremont. In a speech delivered at the New Englant Anti-SlaveryConvention on the 29th of May, 1856, byWm. Lloyd Garrison, we have a flood of light shedon the relation between Abolitionism and Republicanism,which divests the subjects all doubt or uncertainty.—Boston Times. Boston Times. 

 Will be held as usual in BOSTON, during Christmasand New Year's Week. (Time and place ofopening to be decided hereafter.) Time and place ofopening to be decided hereafter. The Anti-Slavery cause has at length, after a quarterof a century of labors, taken possession, in one form oranother, of almost every mind in oar American community.To men of great sympathies, it has shownthe sufferings of the slave; to men of a profound senseof right, it has shown his wrongs; to men whose hopeis in another life, it has shown him deprived of Bibles,and Sabbaths, and sanctuary privileges; to men whosehope is in this life, it has shown him deprived of educationand the means of self-improvement and success. Topatriots, it has shown their country's shame and danger.To politicians, it has shown one most selfish, andaccursed interest devouring every true one. To Christians,it has shown their Redeemer crucified afresh inthe persons of these the least of his brethren. To philanthropists,it has shown human nature degraded andruined in the person of both master and slave, by theoutrages of the one against the liberty of the other. The function of the undersigned, whose privilegeduring all these years it has been to give themselves tothe work, has been to arouse their countrymen to thenecessity of taking an onward and upward step withthe advancing century. We print books, sustain newspapers,and send out agents, to disseminate truth, andto follow it up with argument, appeal, entreaty, withstatements of facts on every department of the subject,—theological, financial, political, social,—in order tobring about the abolition of slavery. The coming occasion, of the TWENTY-THIRD BAZAAR,is for the purpose of raising funds to that effect;and we confidently call on every compassionate,just, patriotic, Christian and philanthropic heart in theland for aid. NAY, WE CALL ON EVERY HEART, WITHOUTEXCEPTION; for the power and beauty of this Cause isshown in its faculty of changing the public heart into itsown excellent likeness. But especially, let all who pityfugitives help us; for our funds go directly to awakenthat public sympathy which gives the slave a refuge onevery threshold. Especially, let all who wish to seeAbolitionists in Congress, help us; for our funds godirectly to arouse the sensibilities of every patriot, politician,statesman, legislator, elector. By our preceptand example of No UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS, we leadthe van of a national movement towards the abolitionof slavery, which every profound thinker clearly seenwould stop without such leading; and we especially beseechall to help us, as it is the only means wherebyworthier and swifter than we can take the lead, whichonly the necessity of the case has bound upon us. AY us us NION WITH LAVEHOLDERS We solicit correspondence, counsel and assistancefrom all friends of the slave, whether at home or inEurope, and we pledge ourselves to employ most conscientiouslywhatever of influence or money may becommitted to our hands, and to make faithful accountof the same at the close of our undertaking. Communications may be addressed to the Committeeat 21 Cornhill, Boston, Mass., or to 138 Nassau street,New York. MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN, MARY MAY, LOUISA LORING, ELIZA LEE FOLLEN, ANNE WARREN WESTON, ANN GREENE PHILLIPS, SARAH SHAW RUSSELL, FRANCES MARY ROBBINS, HELEN E. GARRISON, ANN REBECCA BRAMHALL, SARAH H. SOUTHWICK, MARY WILLEY, ABBY FRANCIS, ANNA SHAW GREENE, AMY M. REMOND, MARY GRAY CHAPMAN, ELIZABETH GAY, HENRIETTA SARGENT, SARAH R. MAY, CAROLINE WESTON, SUSAN C. CABOT, MARY H. JACKSON, SARAH BLAKE SHAW, LYDIA B. PARKER, ELIZA F. EDDY, EVELINA A.S. SMITH, ELIZABETH VON ARNIM, AUGUSTA KING, ELIZA N. APTNORP. 

 THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE UNION. Whichis the Union party! It is the Republican party,to be sure. This party never threatens dissolution,In all the voluminous speeches and writings ofW.H. Seward, you will never find the thought suggestedthat this Union can be dissolved. Neitherdo Chase or Summer, nor even Wilson or Halethreaten to break up the Union under any contingency. . . . If yes outvote us, we will submit—forwe are Republicans and Democrats in the strictcense of the term. We have so desire or of dissolving the Union because yes Southern med,with the  of Northern Putty Heads, outvoteus By no means; we of the North are men,and are not gamblers, to play at thimble-rig, orboys, to refuse to side the result of new bargain. Itworsted in the popular vote, we will bide our time.—Sacramento Journal. HE EPUBLICAN ARTY AND THE NION. This party never threatens dissolution under any contingency. . . . we will submit desire or of dissolving the Union   By no means to refuse to side the result of new bargain. Sacramento Journal. 

 The Executive Committee of the American Anti-Slaveryvery Society have projected, and with the side of AuxiliarySocieties propose to hold, during the ensuingseason, a series of ONE HUNDRED CONVENTIONSThese Conventions will be held in New England, NewYork, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Indians, IllinoisWisconsin, &.,—wherever, indeed, opportunity andmeans will allow. The Committee earnestly invoke theco-operation of the member of the Society, and of allFriends of Freedom and Humanity, in every past ofthe land, their sympathy and their contributions, thatthese Conventions may be rendered in the highest degreeeffective, and the presage of the near approach athe perfect triumph of Liberty. ☞The series, which has already been commencedwill be continued as follows: ☞LEOMINSTER—PARKER PILLSBURY, an Agentof the American Anti-slavery Society, will speak in theTown Hall, Leominster, an Sunday, august 3d, at 5o'clock, P.M., in commemoration of British, West IndianEmancipation, and of its successful results. ARKER ILLSBURY ☞ANDREW T. FOSS, an Agent of the MassachusettsA.S. Society, expects to speak at WEYMOUTH,on Sunday next, Aug. 3d. ☞PROVIDENCE, R.I. CHAELES L. REMOND, anAgent of the American Anti-Slavery Society, will speakat PROVIDENCE, on Sunday next, Aug, 3d. HAELES EMOND ROVIDENCE 

 What stands at the head of this article is nowthe spirit which actuates the supporters of that'small gull, John C. Fremont, who is essayingto float on the sea of politics. It is not only theirspirit, but their language; it is not only their language,but apparent from their acts. If black republicanismis to be the order of the day, ship carpentersare doing their last summer's work. Seacaptains may prepare to haul up their vessels.The coast of Maine will become a waste howlingwilderness, and may fitly be described by the pictureof the 'last man,' drawn by Campbell. Ourinhabitants will have to flee to the West for breadto eat. spirit We are prepared to show that the Fremont leadershare declared themselves ready for civil war and adissolution of the Union. Then, there is the greatfact that they invoke but half the Union to theirassistance! Their words and nets declare for dissolution.To such extremes have these madmen bytheir treason been driven. The crisis of the countryis upon us. The strength of the Constitutionmust he tried, and tried with the blood of our citizens,should the counsels of the Fremont fanaticsprevail. Let all conservative men look at the stateof things with alarm. Let them be up and doing,before it is too late. Let them remember that theevents of years are now hurried into months, andthat bloody revolution and dissolution will soon beupon us, if we do not now put our feet upon thetreason that stalks forth in the land. the Fremont leadershare declared themselves ready for civil war and adissolution of the Union. these madmen bytheir treason 

 The Fourteenth annual meeting of the Western Anti-SlaverySociety will be held in Salem, Col. Co., Ohio,commencing on Saturday, the 30th of August, at 10o'clock, A.M., and continue three days. There probably was never a time when the Anti-Slaverycause required of its friends a more stern andfaithful advocacy than the present. As their principleshave been proclaimed amid scorn, and continually'without concealment,' so should they be proclaimedamid the strife of political elements, and the allurementsof party interest, 'without compromise.' While they may congratulate themselves upon the increasingfavor with which their doctrines are receivedby the popular mind, they should net for a momentcease to inculcate the duty and necessity of demanding,not the restoration of a pro-slavery compromise offormer days, not the mere limitation of chattelism toState boundaries, but that every friend of human rightsshould cease to support, by speech or vote, by influencedirect or indirect, the system of American Slavery. The infamous Slave Law of 1850, the Border forayupon Kansas, the recent cowardly and murderous attackin the Senate Chamber upon a member of the upperHouse, are so many evidences of the utter hopelessnessof abolitionists effectually laboring to promote thedownfall of 'the peculiar institution,' except they practicallyadopt the motto of 'No Union with Slave-holders.' No Union with Slave-holders.' All who hate slavery, and seek its extinction, are invitedto assemble with us for inquiry, for counsel, andfor aid. It is expected that PARKER PILLSBURY will he presenton the occasion, and again greet his Westernfriends: CHARLES L. REMOMD and A.T. Foss havealso given as encouragement to hope they will be withus, as well as some others whom we cannot now announce. ARKER ILLSBURY HARLES EMOMD On behalf of the Western A.S. Society, BENJ.S. JONES, Rec. See. Rec. See. ☞All communications for the undersigned, untilfurther notice, should be sent to Leicester, Mass. SAMUEL MAY, JR., R. General Agent Mass. Anti-Slavery Society.June 6, 1856. General Agent Mass. Anti-Slavery Society. ☞A COLORED BOY, nearly 12 years old, wishesa place upon a farm. Apply to R.F. WALLCUT, 21Cornhill. 4t ALLCUT ☞COLORED DOMESTICS IN DEMAND.—Severalexcellent situations in families in adjacent townscan be secured by immediate application to WM. C.NELL, 21 Cornhill. 

 We Call upon Mr. Fillmore to discard his illtimedmodesty, and conic out boldly for himself, asthe sine qua non. He thinks that the Union ought and will be dissolved, if Fremont is elected; whilethe avowed Disunionists, such as the CharlestonMercury and Wendell Phillips, with their friends,are going for Buchanan, in order to precipitatedisunion. If the sagacity of these men is worthanything, Mr. Fillmore should not confine his alternativeto the election of Colonel Fremont, butshould include in it that of Mr. Buchanan. As awise and trusty Union-saver, he should thereforedeclare unqualifiedly, that unless the people electhim President, he will dissolve the Union. sine qua non. Mercury The people, North and South, who are honestlyattached to the Union, should not neglect to takenotice that ☞the Republicans are the only partywhich has entered the contest for the Presidency, withoutmaking a downright threat of dissolving theUnion, unless it meets with success. If the peoplewish to preserve the Union, they should stick by theonly party which has never threatened to dissolve it.The back-bone of the Sham Democracy is Disunion,held up continually in terrorem over the North;and now the mild and amiable Mr. Fillmore, theSilver Gray Union-saver, is endeavoring to stealthis Democratic thunder. Is it not palpable thateach of these parties thinks more of office than ofsaving the Union? And is it not clear that 'Ruleor Ruin' is their common maxim!—National Era. the Republicans are the only partywhich has entered the contest for the Presidency, withoutmaking a downright threat of dissolving theUnion, unless it meets with success. to preserve the Union stick by theonly party which has never threatened to dissolve it. Disunion terrorem National Era. 

 MR. AND MRS. MACK, being about to enter uponthe ninth year of their School, propose to limittheir number to seventeen pupils. The mode of instructionand the regulation of their School and Family willcontinue the same as have heretofore given so generalsatisfaction. They hope to secure the services of a French Lady,who shall be a member of the family, and preside overthe conversation of the young ladies, in her native language.Their son, who, after two or three years studyof the language abroad, has the accent and fluency of anative, is their Teacher of German. He will also assistin teaching Natural History. Their present MusicTeacher, who, by his fine taste and uncommon thoroughness,has long had the confidence of the musical public,fortunately combines instruction in Vocal and InstrumentalMusic, and in Thorough Bass. Their Establishment, furnished with Bathing accommodationsand Bowling Alley, and situated in a delightfulregion, abounding in pleasant walks, combines everyfacility for exercise and health. In addition to the course of instruction pursued elsewherein similar schools, comprising the Ancient andModern Languages, the various branches of an EnglishEducation, and Pencil and Crayon Drawing, a Courseof Rending is pursued socially evenings, which introducesthe Young Ladies into the varied fields of Literatureand Poetry, a taste for which is frequently not acquiredby the ordinary routine of school studies. The academical year, consisting of forty-two weeks,commences the first or second Monday of September,with Vacations at Thanksgiving, early in May, and atthe end of the year. No pupil is received for less thana year; and three months' notices of intention to leaveis expected. The school is near the Wellington Hill Station, sixmiles from Boston, on the Fitchburg railroad. Post-Officeaddress, 'Orchard Hill School, Belmont, Mass.'Letters, newspapers, and packages for pupils shouldalways be pre-paid. Trunks and packages can be sentto Orchard Hill School by Gibbs's Waltham Express, officeNo. 7. Court Squre, Boston. TERMS. Tuition, Board and Washing, for the year, $320 00 EXTRAS—PER QUARTER. Music and use of Piano... 25 00 Cultivation of the Voice, Singing, and ThoroughBass... 30 00 Dancing... 12 00 TEACHERS. MR. and MRS. MACK,MONS VIEAU, Teacher of French.MR.D. MACK, JR., Teacher of German.MR J.A. KELLER, Teacher of Music.Mr. PAPANTI, Teacher of Dancing. Teacher of French. R. Teacher of German. Teacher of Music. Teacher of Dancing. Belmont, July 24. 

 Correspondence of the New York Tribune. ST. LOUIS, Wednesday, July 2, 1856. T. OUIS It is rumored that an ancient people consecratedthe Fourth of this month to Liberty. So, I thought,the second of July might be a good day to visit aDemocratic Slave Market. I have before been in other Slave States, but neverin Missouri. The first thing that struck meon arriving in this city was the apparent absenceof the negro race. In a crowd of a thousandpersons on the levee this morning, assembled towitness the burning of six steamboats, I could notcount ten black faces. I was told, in explanation,that the colored population was all 'up town'—not in the business part of the city. So, too, I searched the newspapers for slave advertisements,though I knew this city not to be agreat mart for these commodities, like Richmond.But in vain. At last, in a corner of The Republican.I discovered the following: The Republican. 'NEGROES WANTED.—I wish to purchases a largelot of NEGROES, expressly for the Louisiana awl Mississippimarket, for which I will pay the highest cashprices. All these who have Regress for sale, would dowell to give me a call. I can always be seen at the CityHotel, or at Mr. Thompson's Negro Yard, No 67 Locustst. St. Louis, Mo. je4d&w3m  JOHN MATTINGLY.' B.M. LYNCH. No. 100 Locust st. between Fourthand Fifth sts., St. Louis, Mo., being permanently leasedfor the purchase of Negroes, will pay the highestmarket value. He will also buy and sell on commission,having a good yard for their accommodation. Particular attention paid to the selection of homesfor favorite servants. Negroes to sale at all times. 'NEGROES WANTED and for SALE—WANTEDand for SALE. NEGROES of all kinds, at my office,No. 67 Locust st. between 2d and 3d sts. St. Louis. Me.Having a good and safe yard to board and keep Negroes,I will buy and sell on commission as low as any otherhouse in this city. Please give as a call. [mh 29 ly] CORBIN THOMPSON.' I took an early opportunity to call on Mr. CorbinThompson. I found him in the doorway of alittle wooden office, like a livery stable office in outof our cities; he being a large, lounging, good naturedlooking men, not unlike a reputable stable-keeperin appearance and manner. Inside his stable,alas! I saw his dusky 'stock,' and he readilyseceded to my desire to take a nearer look at them. Behind the little office, there was a dirty littledark room; behind that, a dirty little kitchen,opening into a dirty little yard. This yard wassurrounded with high brisk walls, varied by otherwalls made of old iron plates, rebasing twentyfeet high. Those various pieces were all swarmingwith negroes, dirty and clean, from six years old toforty—perhaps two weans in all, the majority beingchildren under fourteen. the majority beingchildren under fourteen. 'Fat and sleek as Harry Clay's,' said my conductor,putting one on the head particularly. Most of them had small paper fans, which theyused violently This little stricken of comfort lookedvery odd, amid such squalid raggedness as motof them showed, One was cooking, two or threewashing and two playing courts with a filthy packof cards. The sun shown down intensely hot (itwas noon in the little brick yard, and they sat,lounged, or lay about, only the children seeminglively. I talked a little with them, and they answered,some quietly, some with that mixture of obsequiousnessand impudence so common amongslaves. Mr. Thompson answered all questionsvery readily. The 'negroes' or niggers, be said,(seldom employing the Virginia phrases' servants'or 'people,') came mostly from Missouri or Virginia,and were with him but a little while. 'Buywhen I an, and sell when I can, that's my wayand never ask no questions, only in the way oftrade. 'At this season, get a good many from travelers. On enquiry, be explained this mystery by addingthat it was not uncommon for families visitingNorthern watering places, to bring along a likelyboy or girl, and sell them to pay the expenses ofthe jaunt. This is a feature or the patriarchal institutionwhich I think has escaped Mrs. Stowe.Hereafter I shall never see a Southern heiresses atNewport, without fancying I read on her ball-dressthe name or the likely boy or girl' who was-soldfor it.' As for yonder Sam no and Dinah,' (I meditated)'no doubt young Buford Dashaway, Esq.is at this moment driving them out to SaratogaLake, as a pair of blood horses. O Miss CarolinaPettitoes, of Fifth avenue, how odd it would be if,as you sat superb by his side, those four-leggedcattle suddenly resumed the squalid two-legged conditionin which I now behold them, in Thompson'snegro-yard. No. 67 Locust at.'! I strolled back into the front office, and sat downto see if anything turned op. The thing that turnedup was a rather handsome, surburban-lookingtwo horse carriage, out of which stepped lazily asmall, spare, gentlemanly man, evidently a favoredpatron of my host. After a moment's privatetalk, Thompson went out, while the gentlemansaid abruptly to me, 'Well, it is all bad enough,housekeeping, marketing, and all, but I'am d—d ifservants aint the worst of all.' We then talked alittle, and I found him the pleasantest type of aSoutherner—courteous, kind, simple, a little imperious—finally, a man of property, member of theCity Government, and living a little out of town. Thompson came in and shook his head. 'Can'tlet negroes to anybody, Mr.—. Glad to sell,anyhow.' let sell 'Got a good article of a small girl?' said thegentleman suddenly. 'Martha!' shouted the slave-dealer, and presentlythree good articles, aged 11, 9, and 7, cametrotting in. I had not seen them before. Nicelittle pink frocks, not very dirty, barefooted, ofcourse, but apparently well taken rare of. and evidentlysisters. With some maneuvering they werearranged in line before my new" acquaintance, thepurchaser. He fixed his eye on Sue, a black marble statue,aged seven. Nothing could have been kinder thanMr.—'s manner in addressing the littlething. 'Will you like to come and live with me,and have-some little girls to play with!' (It is a little patriarchal, I said. That kindvoice would win any child.) I looked to see the merry African smile on thechild's face. Bat no smile came. There was a moment'spause. 'Speak up, child.' said the merchant, roughly.But she didn't speak up, nor look up, either.—Down went the black marble face, drooping down,down, till the chin rested on the breast of the littlepink frock. Down, down came one big tear,and then another over the black marble cheeks;and then the poor little wretch turned away to thewall, and burst into as hearty an agony of tears,is your little idol Susy, or yours (my good NewEngland mother) might give way to, at such asoffer from the vary kindest awn who ever chewedtobacco in the streets of Missouri! your Human nature is a rather unconquerable thing,after all, isn't it! is My kind purchaser looked annoyed, and turnedaway. The slave-trader gave an ominous look tothe poor child, such as I had not seen on his facebefore, 'Beg pardon, sir.' (said he gruffly,) 'theyonly name from Virginia yesterday, and hav'ntlearnt how to treat gentlemen yet.' (with an emphasis.) yet. Poor little Sue! The purchaser next turned to Martha, the eldersister, a bright, Tipsy-looking thing. 'What's that on her cheek?' be asked, pointingto a sort of soar or streak of paleness. Marthagrinned. 'Somebody's whacked her chops, most likely,'said the slavetrader, coolly, (in whose face I sawnothing good natured after that.) Nothing morewas said about it. The gentlemen drew the child to him, felt themuscles of her arm, and questioned her a little.—Her price was $700, that of the next $500, andlittle Sue's $450. 'Well, Martha,' said be at last, 'wouldn't youlike to go with me, and have a pleasant home? Strange to say, the African smile left Martha'smerry face too. 'Please sir,' said she, 'I wish Icould stay with my mother.' 'Confound the girls.' said the good-natured purchaser,turning to me in despair. 'they must besold to somebody, von know. Of course. I can'tbuy the whole of them, and the mother too.' Ofcourse not: and there was the whole story in a nutshell. 'Nonsense, gals,' said Thompson;' your mother'Il be up here, may be, some day.' (Pleasantprospect in the lottery of life for three' articles'under twelve years!) On enquiry, it appeared that the mother was inVirginia, and might or might not be sent to St.Louis for sale. The intention wan, however, tosell the children in a day or two, together or separately,or also to send those South with Mr. Mattingly.(See advertisement.) To avert this. I hoped earnestly that my good-naturedfriend would hay one or more of the poorthings. 'For,' said he to me, 'I mean to bringher up well. She'll be a pet for the children!black or white, it will make as difference; andwhile I live, I shan't sell her—that is, while it'spossible to help it.' (A formidable reservation,considering the condition of most Southern senates.) well. The little pink frocks were ordered off, anda bargain was finally struck for Matches, quite toMr. Thompson's chagrin, who evidently hoped tosell See, and would, no doubt, have does so, butfor her ignorance' how to trust gentlemen.' Girl is sound, I suppose I' carelessly inquiredthe purchaser. Wind and limb,' responded the trader. 'Butstrip her naked, and examine every inch of her, if youwish,' he quickly added;' I never have any disguiseswith my customers.' 'Butstrip her naked, and examine every inch of her, if youwish I never have any disguiseswith my customers. So ended the bargain, and I presently took myleave. I had one last glass at little See. It innot long since I not fast on the floating wreck of anunknown vessel at sea, and then left it driftingaway into the darkness alone. But it was sadderto me to think of that little wreck of babyhood,drifting off alone into the ocean of Southern crimeand despair. St. Louis must unquestionably be a very religious place, however, for in returning to my hotel, Ipassed a church with inscriptions in four differentlanguages. There was Jehovah in Hebrew. 'DuoUno et Trino.' 'In homeroom S. hudovieci.' Finallyin English end French, 'My house shall be calledthe house of prayer,' with the rest of the sentence,in both cases, omitted. Singular accident, isn't it? with the rest of the sentence,in both cases, omitted. JULY 3, 1856.—I forgot to mention that I askedMr. Thompson, out of the dozen children in hisyard,' how many had their parents or motherswith them. 'Not one,' he answered, as if rathersurprised at the question; 'I take 'em as they come,in lots. Hardly ever, have a family.' I suppose you would rather keep a family togetherI put in, suggestively. rather ' Yes.' he answered carelessly. 'Can't thinkmuch about that, though. Have to shut up shoppretty quick, if I did. Have to take 'am as theycome.' that This was evident enough, and I only insert it inthe faint hope of enlightening the minds of thoseverdant innocents, who still believe that the separationof families is a rare occurrence, when everyNew Orleans newspaper contains a dozen advertisementsof 'Assorted lots of young negroes.' Another delusion I mast correct also. It is oftenasserted that slavetraders are generally regardedas a degraded class in a slaveholding community,that no gentleman will associate with them. &.This, if true, would only add another to the absurdself-contradictions of a system which createssuch a class of men, and then despises them. ButI have no belief that the fact is generally correctThe two whom I saw yesterday morning, fur instance,(Measure. Thompson and Mattingly,) hadentirely the bearing of men engaged in a respectablebusiness. Decidedly more so, for instance,than men engaged in the retail liquor trade usuallyhave in New England. The purchaser, Mr.—,was evidently a gentleman of good social standing,and of favorable appearance in every way. Yethe treated the slavetraders as any gentleman wouldtreat any other with whom he had dealings, andwith no reserve or superiority. Except in some allusionsto the Under-ground Railroad, and precautionsagainst it in the way of walls, dogs, &., atMr.—'s house, there was not a word which mightnot have been spoken in any respectable intelligence office. I have since visited the other establishmentnamed above, Mr. Lynch's. Here, also, I was receivedcourteously, and shown over the premises,which did not take long. Mr. L. was one of thosepersons whom one rather likes to see (in a badbusiness)—an acute, robust, uncompromising sinner;such a man as one often finds in the liquortraffic with us. He believed that money was thegod of this world, and he went for getting all onecould get; he thought philanthropy was nonsense,and no man helped slaves of without being wellpaid for it: he had observed that ministers of thegospel liked to marry a rich plantation, as wall asany body else; he thought it was all humbugabout separating husbands and wives in slavery.—what if you did? In fact, marriage among whitepeople was a good deal of a humbug, and men wereas had in it as out of it, therefore he himself wasa bachelor. As for separating young families, tradersvery seldom did it, (I thought of little Sue,)—if others did it, it wasn't their affair; but hedidn't like to have to sell families, any way—itwas inconvenient and unprofitable. And so on. After all this, I of course liked him much betterthan if he had quoted Scripture in his cause, andwas not surprised when he went on to claim thathe wasn't able to act up to his theory, but kepttrusting people who deceived him, and helping menwho were ungrateful, and so on. Nor was I surprisedto find his establishment in neater order thanthe previous one; or to hear him claim that all hisnegroes would like to keep him for their master.—For, in spite of Rochefoucauld's maxim of hypocrisy,I always have found the Charles Surfaces betterthan the Joseph's, either being bad enough. Mr. Lynch's yard was much like the other, onlywith an iron gate instead of a wooden one, a woodenfence for an iron one, all-fours instead of euchre,and grown men instead of small girls. I noticedone pretty little quadroon girl, and a noble lookingblack man playing the violin. I could not helpwishing he might follow the destiny of a similarpiece of property, who, as my host remarked, was'somewhere near Chicago now,' having ran away. He told me that there had been lees doing oflate, on the U.G.R.R., owing to some exposures;but until within a year, they lost a great many.He also said that the slave business in St. Louiswas chiefly a local business with the interior country.City slaves art usually sold for some fault,and sent down the river—'of course,' be said, therecould be nothing wrong in separating a brotherand sister, as old, say, as 13 or 14, and sendingthem different ways. Slaves are seldom broughtto St. Louis from Richmond, but sent commonly toNashville. of course I found Mr. Lynch a man decidedly superior inapparent intelligence and manners, to either ofthe other mentioned, though they appeared well inthese respects. At parting, he cordially invitedme to call again, and sand my friends—which Ihereby do. T.W. HIGGINSON. IGGINSON. 

 THE AMERICAN PERENOLOGICAL JOURNAL is devotedto the science of human nature, It aims to teach manhis powers, duties, and reactions; how to make themost of himself, and thus secure the highest mentaland physical well-being. HE MERICAN ERENOLOGICAL OURNAL PRACTICAL PNRENOLOGY, or how to read character,Self-Improvement, Home Education, Government, Selectionof Pursuits, Choice of Apprentices, Clerks, Partnersin Business, or Companions for Life, will be slaveryset forth. Biography, will Portraits, Mechanism.Agriculture and Horticulture, with Engravings, will makethe Journal an interesting and valuable family guideand companion to all readers. RACTICAL NRENOLOGY Published monthly, in from for binding, at $1 00 ayear; Five Copies, $4 00; Ten Copies, $7 00; TwentyCopies, $10 00. Now is the time to subscribe. Please address FOELES AND WELLS.July 4, 4t 808 Broadway, New York. OELES AND ELLS. 

 Extract from the new and valuable pamphlet, byTHEODORE PARKER, just published in Boston, entitled'The Great Battle between Slavery and Freedom:— HEODORE ARKER I fear you do yet quite understand differencebetween the Regressive Force of Slavery atthe South, and the Progressive Force of Freedomat the North. Therefore, to see in noonday lightthe effect of each an the present Welfare and thefuture Progress of a people, compare as old typicalSlave State with as old typical Free State, andthan compare a new Slave State with a new FreeState. 1. South Carolina contains 29,285 squares smilesof land; Connecticut, 4,674. Is 1856, SouthCaroline and 668,507 inhabitants, whereof 283,123were free, and 384, 984 slaves; white Connecticuthad 370,792 inhabitants, all free. The governments value of all the land in SouthCarolina was $5.06 as sore; in Connecticut it was$30,50 the sore. All the farms in South Carolinacontained 16,217,700 series, and were worth$82,431.684, though they contained onlyworth $72,726,422, though they consulted only2,383,879 acres. Thus slavery and freedom affectthe value of land in the old States. value of land In 1850, South Carolina had 340 miles of railroad;and Connecticut 547, on a territory notequal to one-sixth of South Carolina. In 1855,South Carolina had $11,500,000 in railroads;Connecticut had then $20,000,000. The shipping of South Carolina amounts to36,000 tons; in Connecticut, to 125,000, thoughshe is not advantageously situated for navigation. The value of the real and personal property inSouth Carolina, in 1850, was estimated by the FederalGovernment at $288,257,694. This includesthe value of all the slaves, who, at $400 apiece,amount to $153,993,600. Substracting this sum,which is neither property in land nor things,but wholly unreal and fictitious, there remains$134,264,094 as the entire property of the greatSlave State while the total valuation of theland and things in Connecticut, in 1850. was$155,707,980. In other words, in South Carolina,670,000 persons, with 36,000 square miles of land,are worth $134,000,000; while in Connecticut,370,000 men, with only 4,600 square miles of land,are worth $156,000,000. Thus do slavery andfreedom affect the general worth of the people inthe old States. general worth In 1850. South Carolina bad 365,026 personsunder twenty years of age: her whole number ofpupils, at schools, academies, and colleges, was40,373. Connecticut had only 157,146 persona ofthat age, bat 83,697 at school and college. Willyou say it is of no consequence whether the coloredchild is educated or not? Then remember thatSouth Carolina had 149,322 white children, andonly sent 40,373 of them to school at all in thatyear; while, out of 153,862 white children, Connecticutgave 82,433 a permanent place in her nobleschools. coloredchild In South Carolina, there are but 129,350 freepersons over twenty years of age; and, of these,16,564 are unable to read the word Heaven. So,in all that great and Democratic State, there areonly 112,786 persons over twenty, who know theirA B C's; while in Connecticut there are 213,062persons over twenty; and, of all that number, only5,306 are illiterate, and of them 4,013 are foreigners.But, of all the 16,564 ignoramuses of SouthCarolina, only 104 were born out of that State' ignoramuses Out of 365,026 persons over twenty, S. Carolinahas only 112,786 who can read their primer; while,out of 213,662, Connecticut has 208,356 who canread and write. South Carolina can boast morethan 250,000 native adults who cannot write orread the name of their God,—a noble army ofmartyrs, a cloud of witnesses to its peculiar institution;while poor Connecticut has only 1,293 nativeadults unable to read their Holy Bible. Such is the effect of slavery and freedom on educationin the old States. The Southern politicianwas right: 'Free society is a failure!' education 2. Now compare two new States of about thename age. Arkansas was admitted into the Unionin 1836. Michigan in 1837. Arkansas contains 52,198 square miles, and209,807 inhabitants, of whom 151,746 are free,and 58,161 are slaves. Michigan contains 56,243square miles, and was entered for settlement laterthan her sister, but contains 397,654 persons, allfree. In Arkansas, the land in valued at $5.83 theacre; and, in Michigan, at $11 83. The SlaveState has 781,531 acres of improved land; andMichigan, 1,929,110. The farms of Arkansasare worth $15,265,245; and these of Michigan,$51,872,446. Thus slavery and freedom affect thevalue of land in the new States. value of land Michigan had (in 1855) 699 miles of railroad,which had cost $19,000.000; Arkansas had paidnothing for railroads. The total valuation of Arkansas,in 1850. was $39,871,020: the value ofthe slaves, $23,264,400, was included. Deductingthat, there remains but $16,576,625, as the entireworth of Arkansas: while Michigan has propertyto the amount of $59,787,255. Thus slavery andfreedom affect the of property in the newStates. of property In 1850, Arkansas had 115,023 children undertwenty, whereof 11,050 were in schools, academies,or colleges; while Michigan had 211,969, of whom112,382 were at school, academy, or college. Or, toomit the colored population, Arkansas had 97,402white persons under twenty, and only 11,050 attendingschool; while, of 210,831 whites of thatage in Michigan. 112,175 were at school or college.Last year, Michigan had 132,234 scholars in herpublic schools. In 1850, Arkansas contained64,787 whites over twenty,—but 16,935 ofthese were unable to read and write: while, out of184,240 of that age in Michigan, only 8,281 werethus ignorant.—of these, 3,009 were foreigners;while, of the 16,935 illiterate persons of Arkansas,only 37 were born out of that State. The SlaveState had only 47,852 persons over twenty whocould read a word; while the Free State had175,959. Michigan had 107,948 volumes in 'librariesother then private,' and Arkansas 420 volumes.Thus slavery and freedom affect the education of thepeople in the new States. the education of thepeople Now, see the effect of slavery and freedom onProperty and Education in their respective Neighborhoods.I take examples from the States ofMissouri and Virginia, kindly furnished by an ingeniousand noble-hearted man. 1. In the twelve counties of Missouri which borderon slaveholding Arkansas, there are 20,982free white persons, occupying 75,300 acres of improvedland, valued at $13 an acre, or $989,932;while in the ten counties of Missouri bordering onIowa, a Free State, though less attractive in soiland situation, there are 26,890 free white persons,with 123,030 acres of improved land, worth $19an acre, or $2,379,765. Thus the neighbor heed ofslavery retards the development of property. neighbor heed ofslavery retards the development of property. In those ten Northern counties bordering onfreedom, there were 2,329 scholars in the publicschools; while in the twelve Southern, borderingon Arkansas, there were only 339. Thus the neighborhoodof slavery effect the development of education. the neighborhoodof slavery effect the development of education. 2. Compare the Northern with the Southerncounties of Virginia, and you find the same results.Monongahela and Preston counties, in Virginia,bordering on free Pennsylvania, contain 122,444acres of improved land, rained at $21 an acre, or$2,784,137 in all; are occupied, by 24,095 persons,whereof 263 only are slaves; and there are 1,747children in the public schools; while the correspondingcounties of Patrick and Henry, touchingon North Carolina, contain but 99,731 acres of improvedland, worth only $15 on sere, or $1,554,341in all; are occupied by 18,481 inhabitants, 5,664of them slaves; and have only 961 children atschool. But erase the borders, and vote thechange: the adjacent counties of North Carolina,Rockingham and States, contain 163,784 acres ofimproved land, worth $14 an acre, or $1,517,520;23,701 persons, of whom 7,122 are slaves; andhave only 2,050 public at school or college; whileFayette and Green counties, is Pennsylvania, adjacentto the port of Virginia above spoken of, contain297,005 acres of improved land, valued at $49an acre, or $7,618,917; 61,218 persons, all free;and 12,998 public at the common student. The South has numerous natural advantagesover the North,—a latter soil, a more generalclimate, the privilege of producing those tropicalplants now deemed indispensable to civilization.Of $193,000,000 of exports last year, $93,000,000were of Southern cotton and tobacco. Yet such isher foolish and wicked system, that, while theNorth continually increases in riches, the Southbecomes continually poorer and poorer in comparison.Boston alone could buy up two States likeSouth Carolina, and still have thirteen millions ofdollars to spare. Three hundred years ago, Spainmonopolized this continent; she exploitered Mexico,Peru, the islands of the Gulf; all the gold ofthe New World came to her hand. Where is itnow? Spain is pooer than Italy. Is here no lesson for South Carolina and Virginia? 

 THE next Quarter of this Institution, established andoperating with the sanction of the Hopedale Community,will commence on Thursday, July 24th. Forparticular information, please address either of thePrincipals, at Hopedale, Milford, Mass. WILLIAM S. HAYWOOD,ABBIE S. HAYWOOD,Principals. Principals. June 27. 3t, 

 CAMP OF U.S. CAVALRY, NEAR LECOMPTOM,KANSAS, Monday, July 7, 1850.} AMP OF AVALRY, NEAR ECOMPTOM ANSAS COL. R.V. SUMNER—Dear Sir:—In my conversationwith you on the 5th inst., relative to the outrageat Topeka on the 4th, and the general partisancharacter of the general government, I intendedto cast no reflection or censure upon yourself asan officer under orders. On the contrary, I havereason to believe that, in this last act of thetragedy, an in all others, you have strictly obeyedthe orders of your superior, the Commander-in-Chief,and could not have done otherwise, unlessyou had acted either against orders or withoutthem, or have resigned your commission. OL. UMNER Dear Sir Whatever judgment the people of Kansas or thecountry may pass upon the conduct of the administratorsof Government, or I should rather say,administrators of outrage, in Kansas, all partiesmust concede to you, personally, the character ofan honorable, impartial, high-minded and efficientofficer; notwithstanding, in the discharge of yourofficial duty, your superiors incur the censure ofpersons of all shades of political faith. outrage The causes of complaint the people of Kansashave against the President of the United States are many and various. He has Appointed officers, Executive and Judicial,for the Territory, who, with very few exceptions,have countenanced and sided the foreign invasionsof the ballot-box, and the foreign mobs,robberies, murders, fire and sword, preying uponthe bona fide settlers of Kansas. The Presidenthimself refused to interpose for our protection,saying he had no power to act in our behalf. When,however, his Governor refused, for cause, to recognizethe body elected by citizens of Missouri asthe Legislature of Kansas, and would have madetheir enactments a dead letter, the President couldfind power to act, and removed him on a falsecharge. His successor, on his way to the Territory, toldthe people of Missouri that he would enforce thelaws of their Legislature upon the people of Kansas,and from the first has acted either the part ofa tool of men in Missouri or a violent partisan. their He avoided the settlers of the Territory, refusingthe hospitalities of the citizens, and declining theirinvitation to address them as he had done the peopleof Missouri. Last fall, when the people of another State wishedto destroy Lawrence, the Governor, on a pretencethat a difficulty had occurred ten miles southof the devoted city, issued his proclamation for hismilitia to turn out and encamp over against thetown, which had taken no part in any difficulty,and in which no legal process of any kind had beenattempted to he served by the sheriff, and in whichno crime had been committed. But Lawrence was the successful rival of Lecompton,and contained some Free State men withinit, mid it must be destroyed, and PresidentPierce's Governor must be the instrument of destruction.Finding, however, the public determinedto protect themselves from mobs, official orotherwise, and having no legal action against thetown or its citizens, he concluded to wait for amore convenient season. When a two-told objectis to be accomplished, namely, the destruction ofa rival town, and the crushing out of political opponents,the occasion is not long delayed. ThePresident comes to their aid, (having suddenlylearned that he has power to act.) by a specialmessage and proclamation, informing the settlersof Kansas, and the rest of mankind, that he indorsesthe Draconian code of the Legislature,elected by the people of Missouri, and its officers,and whether legal or not, the army and navy ofthe United States, and the militia of the severalStates shall be employed, if necessary, to sustainthese officers and laws. Moreover, he more thanintimates that it would not be out of character tohave some indictments found for treason. This is sufficient authority for all that follows.A regiment of suitable characters is enrolled in the extreme South, armed, it is said, with Biblesand Sharp's rifles, revolvers, bowie-knives, &. andarrives just in time to be enrolled as the militia ofthe Territory, and to be used as the posse of theMarshal and Sheriff. In the meantime, the President's Judge instructshis partisan jury, selected by the President's Marshal,or his deputy, to indict certain characters fortreason and the like. The jury, themselves instruments of the party,find true bills against certain persons for treason,because they resolved to defend themselvesand their families from a mob; and against the hotelat Lawrence as a nuisance, because its walls, notthen complete, had sheltered some persons whilepreparing to defend themselves from mob violence,and because Lecompton had no hotel as good; andagainst the newspapers of Lawrence, also as nuisancesbecause they justified the people in theirpreparations for self-defence, and exposed the villanyof the President's laws and officers, and alsothey were an evidence of prosperity which Lecomptoncould not brook in a rival town. Thismuch accomplished, now for the execution. The arrest of those indicted for treason is aneasy matter, as no one proposes to resist any process,in the hands of the Marshal, except in thecase of Gov. Reeder, who pleads his privilege fromserving as a witness before the jury, on account ofhis being a contestant for a seat in Congress. His declining to recognize the right of the Marshalto take him from the Committee of Congresson such an errand, was seized upon as a sufficientexcuse for calling on the people of the Territory toassemble once more against Lawrence. The Southern regiment are on hand, and thepeople of Missouri once more cross the line, waitupon the Marshal and the Governor, receive theGovernment arms, are enrolled as militia or possecomitatus, and commence operations. All horsesand other property of Free State men are pressedinto service (which meant stolen or plundered intheir language.) and the motley army proceed toLawrence, against the remonstrance and protestsof all good citizens, who volunteered to secure theservice of any legal process in their town, if thisbody of armed depredators could be kept away.But this would not answer: there were certainthings to be done that even the Governor and Marshaldid not dare say were legal, and to this endthe mob must be taken into town. pressed All is quiet in town before the Marshal enters.He appears with a few men, arrests his prisoners,as he had been doing for several days before, withoutopposition, and then suddenly leaves. Hisposse, under the directions of the Sheriff, who isindorsed in the message and proclamation of thePresident, then enter, disarm the people, bombardthe envied hotel and burn it to the ground, destroytwo printing presses, type and office fixtures, burna private dwelling, and pillage the town. This done, the civil posse is dismissed into guerillabands that infest the Territory like plagues ofEgypt, committing all manner of thefts, robberies,murders and other outrages upon the Free Statesettlers; and it is not till the people, driven todesperation, take vengeance in their own hands,and commence a like warfare upon this Governmentarmed ex posse, that the President or his appointeesfind any occasion for restraining the villanyof his friends and partisans. civil ex posse All this time, every free State man suspected,or even charged with an offence without suspicion,is arrested, confined, and sometimes put in irons,and shamefully abused and tortured, while murderers,thieves, robbers, and every kind of criminals,are suffered to go at large, provided always,they belong to the Pro-Slavery or Administrationparty; and not only suffered to go at large, but arepromoted to or retained in office under the Government. Property has been taken by the officer and hisposse, and when application was made for it tothe Executive, the applicant was tauntingly asked'Why he gave it up?' and told that the officerhad no right to take it, &.: yet if any man attemptsto protect his person or property from theseofficials and their partisans, be is at once chargedwith treason; and, as Governor Shannon is reportedto have said, 'If charged, must be tried, and iftried, convicted, and if convicted, hung.' If charged, must be tried, and iftried, convicted, and if convicted, hung. Such, in brief, is the government furred uponthe people of Kansas at this time, and endorsed bythe President, and upheld by all the power of thismighty nation. The wrongs of 1775 and 1776 imposedupon our forefathers by the British Crown,were rights—yes, unmerited favors and privileges—compared with the tyranny practised upon thepeople of Kansas. But the above is not all; deprivedof a government of their own—a foreigngovernment forced upon them that they could notrecognize, without forfeiting their manhood—oppressedbeyond endurance by Federal tyranny—thepeople of Kansas, in imitation of several othernew states, by their Delegates in Convention assembled,without reference to party distinctions,drafted a State Constitution, which was approvedby the people at the ballot-box. An attempt wasmade to organize s State Government. A Legislatureand State officers were chosen, and on the 4thof March the Legislature met, chose two U.S.Senators, memorialized Congress, appointed Committeesto prepare laws for the completion of theState organization, and adjourned till the 4th ofJuly. In the meantime, their application for admissioninto the Union as one of the States of theConfederacy was made, and a memorial presentedto Congress. In the Senate of the United Statestheir memorial was rejected, and their Senatorgrossly insulted, and the people of Kansas taunted,jeered, and abused, as if they were a not ofpirates or banditti, unworthy of respect or protection. The organ of the Administration also omitted noopportunity to libel and denounce the real settlersof Kansas, and to apologize for or justify the barbaritiespractised upon them by the people of Missouri. The 4th of July came, and the Representativesmet for the purpose of exculpating their Senatorfrom the gross charges made against him on thefloor of the Senate, and also of memorializingCongress relative to the inhuman barbarities practicedupon the people by the President of the UnitedStates and his accomplices, as well as to completethe State organization preparatory to our admissioninto the Union, as Michigan, California, Arkansas,and other States bad done before. For this proceedingthere is a Constitutional sanction; for that instrument(not yet, however, extended over Kansas)declares that 'Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibitingthe free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedomof speech or the press, or the right of the peoplepeaceably to assemble, and to petition the governmentfor a redress of grievances.' While attempting to assemble in strict accordancewith this provision, a large military force,with artillery and all the paraphernalia of war,rushes upon them, with cannon loaded and torch inhand, and disperses them. The apology for thisunheard-of outrage upon the Constitutional rightsof the people is found in a proclamation of theacting Territorial Governor, in which he says 'thatsuch assemblage was in violation of the Act ofCongress organizing the Territory, and of the lawsadopted in pursuance thereof.' If there be anything in the organic act, eitherdirectly or indirectly, forbidding such an assemblage,I nm unable, after careful perusal, to findit; and if it can be found, it is in direct violationof the Constitution of the United States, whichought to be extended over Kansas. As for 'thelaws adopted in pursuance thereof,' none have beenadopted by a Legislature chosen by the people ofthe Territory, in accordance with the provisions ofthe law of Congress. As for the acts of a bodyelected by the people of Missouri, calling themselvesa Territorial Legislature of Kansas, whichauthorize 'abridging the freedom of speech or thepress,' or the right of the people 'peaceably to assemble,and to petition the Government for a redressof grievances;' which authorize the destruction ofprinting presses, hotels, and private dwellings;the plundering of the people of their horses, cattle,and other property; the sacking and robbingof towns and their citizens; the murder of politicalopponents with impunity: the 'quartering of soldiersin time of peace in homes without the consentof the owner's; the infringement of the 'rightof the people to keep and bear arms;' the violationof their right to be 'secure in their persons,houses, papers, and effects against unreasonablesearches and seizures;' the issuing of warrantswithout 'probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation;the requiring of excessive bail, the indictmentof persons for high crimes, for the solepurpose of prosecution, or of depriving them oftheir liberty and lives; these, and such as these,who can dignify by the name of 'laws adopted inpursuance thereof.' While such things are donein Kansas, and her citizens are obliged to flee toescape death from the government tools and partisans,the Missouri river and the public highwaysleading to the Territory are blockaded by pirates androbbers, who plunder Free State men, and drive themback from whence they came. They steal and robin the name of the Governor of the Territory ofKansas, and hold the plunder subject to his order.The President of the United Stales looks on unmoved,and witnesses outrages, which, were theyperpetrated by a foreign power, would involve thenation in a war of revenge at once. Even the Governmentsof other States permit their citizens tobe robbed of all their constitutional rights, andneglect their protection. A few hundred desperadoesin the State of Missouri have defied and overthrownwith the countenance of the President, thepower of 25,000,000 of people, including the Nationaland State governments. have They have made the Constitution a dead letter,and the name of Republican a reproach; yet thepeople are unmoved, except to pass occasionally aresolution of indignation, and the President lookscomplacently on. All this, and more, has beenadopted or permitted, directly or indirectly, by thePresident of the United States and his appointees;and at once a large and respectable party has, byresolution and otherwise at a late convention atCincinnati, endorsed it, and the nominee of thatConvention, once an honorable man, has offeredhimself with alacrity as the representative and embodimentof this system of outrage, rapine, andmurder. Under such circumstances, can I, or canany American citizen who loves his country andhates tyranny, be expected to bold my peace! No! All the threats of all the officials of theAdministration, that unless I keep silence I shallbe 'hung,' on the false charge of treason, cannotprevent me from uttering my views und belief respectingtheir conduct. I may lose my life on thegallows, as perjury in Kansas is cheap, packed juriescommon, and Constitutional rights unknown;but persecution wilt be very apt to stop at the gallows;and there may be a place beyond 'wherethe wicked cease from troubling,' and may he leisureto settle accounts with this administration andits abettors. Such, dear sir, are my views touching the stateof affairs in Kansas; and that you might more fullyunderstand me, I have thought proper to statethem to you; and, as I see no impropriety in permittingmy friends in the States to know them, Ishall forward a copy of this for perusal. Withhigh esteem for you personally, I am very respectfully yours, C. ROBINSON. We, the undersigned, concur in the foregoingstatement fully, and endorse the same. GEO. W. SMITH,GAINS JENKINS,JOHN BROWN, JR.,HENRY B. WILLIAMS,GEO. W. DEITZLER. EO. MITH AINS ENKINS OHN ROWN R. ENRY ILLIAMS EO. EITZLER. ANOTHER CHAPTER IN BLOOD. The Dayton (Ohio)Gazette publishes a letter, signed by three individualsat Blue Spring, near Tecumseh, K.T.. giving anaccount of the fiendish way in which the border ruffiansdisposed of a Free State man:— NOTHER HAPTER LOOD. Gazette 'Yesterday morning, we were going to Tecumseh,but when about eleven miles from that place, wewere appalled by the sight of the body of a murderedman tied firmly to a tree near the road side. He wastied with his back to the tree, with hi* hands andfeet partially around It. He had been shot just abovethe left eye with (as we suppose) a rifle ball. A hugebusting knife was sticking in his breast. It had beendriven clear through him, and the point was two orthree incase in the tree. he was evidently murderedyesterday or day before. There was a toadstool tied to the knife-handle, onwhich the following inscription was written: "Let allthose who are going to vote against slavery in Kansas,take warning!"' The name of the man was Laban Parker, and hewas from Cleveland. ROCK ISLAND, July 25. OCK SLAND LATER FROM KANSAS. Gen. Stringfellow, and othercitizens of Preston, issued a handball on July 8, callingon all Missourians to go over to Kansas before August,to vote at the November election under Toombs'sbill. ATER FROM ANSAS. We team by mail that Lane's party of 300 personsincluding women and children, crossed the Missouri toNebraska City on Monday. Gen. Smith says if Laneenters Kansas, he will arrest him, if it costs him $500.Lane will remain in lows, unless the Missourians attemptto intercept his party. Six hundred Missouriansare said to be organized at St. Joseph to interceptLane's party. These will be a bottle if they attemptit. Ninety Chicagoans and thirty Massachusetts menare expected to join Lane at Nebraska City. 

 'An old man was walking along the ground, and hisface almost touched his knees. So I said to him, "Whyart thou thus stooping?" He said, "My youth is lostsomewhere on the ground, and I am stooping in searchof it."'—From Antar, a Bedouin Romance. From Antar, a Bedouin Romance. Old man, thy form is frail,And low it is bowed and bent,And thy withered cheek is very pale,And to earth thy looks are sentThou aged man, so bowed and weak,Say, what is the treasure thy glances seek,That solely to earth they are bent?'Yes, this withered cheek is pale,And white is this head with age's frost,And these tottering limbs are very frail;And askest thou what I have lost?I have lost, lost, lost!Yes, lost my life's young prime;And I wander and search the world around,And ever my path is with anguish crest,For my gleesome youth is no more to be foundThan spring's fresh leaves 'neath the winter's frost:It is lost, lost, lost—it is utterly lost!It is lost! yet with eyes ever bent on the ground,I search for that youth never more to be found.                    'The ardent, the happy boy,Encircled by kindred and friends,Whose bounding steps kept time to the joyThe heart's full current sendsThrough the youthful frame—he is lost, that boy;He is lost, he is lost! Oh, I cannot findThat boy so ardent, and frank, and kind.       'He is lost, that glorious youth,With his hopes so proud and high;With his burning zeal for justice and truth,With his graceful form, and sparkling eye;He is lost, that causer of maiden's sigh,He too is lost, and I search in vainMy boyhood and youth to find again.       'He is lost, the man renowned,The man of worth and name,Whose board with friends was circled round,Whose wisdom and deeds swelled the trump of fame;He is lost, lost, lost! and for him, too, in vainI stooping search on the cold, hard ground.All, all are lost, no more to be foundAre bright boy, loved youth, or proud man; yet I go,Seeking the lost, who return not again.Oh! earth, earth, earth,Give me back, give me back, joy, love, and worth!'           Old man, with headde clined,Weary indeed is thy fruitless toil;But raise thy stooping head from the soil,And search in the Future with earnest mind;The boy, youth, and man were Time's lawful spoil.Forgot the past; look around, and see,All bent, and withered, and frail as thou art,There is hope for the brave and the true of heart;There are still Love and Duty left to thee,Aged and lonely and weak though thou be.Then lift up a glance, brave, joyful, and free;Let the lost BE lost, since forever they're flown;The present, the future, may be thine own:Look up—to young or old it is given,The foot on earth, but the gaze on heaven.Then calmly and hopefully pace on thy way,—Love, Meekness and Patience thy gentle guides;Trust them; they will lead thee to endless day,Where eternal youth forever abides.                   Tenterden, Kent, (Eng.) JANE ASHBY. ANE SHBY. 

 The Anniversary of BRITISH WEST INDIA EMANCIPATIONwill be suitably commemorated (under thedirection of the Managers of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society) by a general meeting of thefriends of Universal Freedom, in the beautifulGrove at ABINGTON, on FRIDAY, August Ist. It ishighly important to the success to the Anti-Slaverymovement in our own land, that every suchoccasion should be improved in the most effectualmanner; and it is earnestly hoped, especially inview of the cheap Railroad facilities which areoffered, that a very large concourse will assembleat Abington, on this occasion, from Plymouth,Bristol. Suffolk, Essex, Middlesex, and other countiesin the Commonwealth. Let every one makeseasonable arrangements to be there, if possible. BINGTON RIDAY A SPECIAL TRAIN of cars will leave the Old ColonyR.R. Depot in Boston, at 9 o'clock, A.M.,for the Abington Grove; and return at 6 1-4 o'clock. FARE—to go and return, Fifty cents foradults; Twenty-five cents for children. PECIAL RAIN Old ColonyR.R. Depot ARE Fifty cents Twenty-five cents From PLYMOUTH to the Grove; leave Plymouthat 9.30 A.M.; and return at 6.10. FARE—Fiftycents for adults, Twenty-five cents for children. LYMOUTH ARE Fiftycents Twenty-five cents ☞The above trains will stop at Way-Stations.The Committee of Arrangements consists ofFRANCIS JACKSON, W.L. GARRISON, EDMUND JACKSON,and SAMUEL MAY, Jr., of Boston; NATHANIELB. SPOONER, of Plymouth; THOMAS J. HUNT, PHILANDERSHAW. MICAH H. POOL, ELBRIDGE SPRAGUE, LEWIS FORD, SAMUEL DYER, of Abington. RANCIS ACKSON ARRISON DMUND ACKSON AMUEL AY Boston ATHANIEL POONER Plymouth HOMAS UNT HILANDER HAW. ICAH OOL LBRIDGE PRAGUE EWIS ORD AMUEL YER Abington. Among the speakers expected to be present areWILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON, WENDELL PHILLIPS, PARKER PILLSBURY, EDMUND QUINCY, CHARLES L. REMOND, Rev. THOMAS W. HIGGINSON, and Rev. MONCURE D. CONWAY, of Washington. ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON ENDELL HILLIPS ARKER ILLSBURY DMUND UINCY HARLES EMOND HOMAS IGGINSON ONCURE ONWAY In case of unpleasant weather, the Town Hall(near to the Grove) will afford accommodation to the meeting. ☞Refreshments will be for saleat the Grove, as usual. 

 Written for the August Celebration, prophetically. Written for the August Celebration, prophetically. BY B.J. BUTTS. This hallowed hour let Afric's warm heartThe strain of fair Freedom prolong;Ho! every nation now join with each partTo sing one Millennial song!From anguish our fathers so meekly have borne,Is risen Humanity's glorious morn!Slavery is past,Freedom at lastPeacefully, joyfully born!         The glorious anthem of Liberty raise,Ye Isles of the Indian Sea!In a beautiful chorus of heavenly praise,Your African brothers are free!Proclaim the good tidings, prolong the full sound,All lovers of Man, the New Eden around;Afric is free!Nations agree,Freedom can safely abound.         To martyrs for truth of the ages gone by,Our loftiest paeans ascend;We know there's a radiant Angel on high,Who still is the Colored Man's friend;Who stood at the helm o'er the surges so strong,Which bore the fair vessel of Freedom along:'Infidel's Prince!''Apostle or Peace!'List to our grateful song!         Hail! friends of the race! the New Era behold,Glad Liberty ev'ry where sung;That glorious day by the prophets foretold,Now glowing on every tongue!Behold how each social oppression doth cease,How tyrannies, dying, do only increaseFreedom's glad surge,Slavery's dirge,O'er the broad Ocean of Peace!         

 The approaching Anniversary of West India Emancipation,whereby Eight Hundred Thousand chattelswere elevated to the position, dignity and rights of freemen, will be appropriately celebrated by freemen in a pleasant Grove on its Domain; and the friends ofliberty of all classes are earnestly invited to be presentand participate in the exercises of the occasion. Letthere be a grand rally of all these who have hearts torejoice in one of the noblest events that brightenthepage of History, and who are desirous of being found onthe side of God and the Right, in the mighty contest,now nearing its crisis, going on for the redemption ofthree and a half millions of slaves in our own guiltyland. Let all who will, friend or foe to the anti-slaverycause, come, and we will ensure them a freeplatform and a stirring time. We shall hope for alarge delegation from each and all the neighboringtowns, and from a distance. grand rally Besides ADIN BALLOU and other Hopedale speakers,distinguished advocates of the cause of freedom fromabroad may be expected to be present on the occasion,among whom are THEODORE PARKER, JAMES FREEMANCLASER, and STEPHEN S FOSTER. DIN ALLOU HEODORE ARKER AMES REEMAN LASER TEPHEN OSTER. ☞Should the day be unpleasant, a spacious Hallin Milford will be provided for the meeting. In behalf of the Committee of Arrangements, WM.S. HAYWOOD. 

 BY A.C. HILLS. 'We intend to subdue you.'—SENATOR DOUGLAS. ENATOR OUGLAS. The threats of craven tyrants nowHave power no more to overawe;The 'times have changed,' the Southern nedWe own no longer as our law.    Not as the former days are these;The spirit that hath slept so long,While traitors sold us, wakes at lengthIn stern defiance of the wrong!    Subdue us! What! can you subdueThe bounding pulses of the free?Hope ye to crush with pompous threatsTh' awakened soul of liberty?    Think ye the soil the Pilgrims trod,With iron hearts and arms so strong,And gave to Freedom and to God,Hath fallen to a craven throng?    Think ye the fire our fathers litWas but a false and transient flame?Hath Bunker's Hill a meaning yet?Is freedom but an empty name?    Subdue us! Chain the tameless winds,And bid the ocean cease to roll!Subdue us! No! We spurn that threat—The offspring of a perjured soul!    There is a spirit in our time,Serene and fearless, calm and deep;Long hath it slept, but riseth now,Like a huge giant from his sleep!    The North, in all her countless hills,With this stern spirit is endued;Her love of freedom, deep and strong,Cries out, 'We will not be subdued!'    Rather than be a fettered slave,Better to fill a martyr's grave.  

 The glorious Anniversary of West India Emancipationwill be celebrated at CUMMINGTON, (Mass.,) ina suitable manner, by a public meeting, on Friday next,August 1st. The arrangements have been fully made;and Charles C. Burleigh. Daniel S Whitney, Rev. Mr.Bisbee of Worthington, sad Rev. Mr. Longley of Peru,are announced to speak on the occasion, and others areexpected to participate in the proceedings. The friendsof freedom in that vicinity are earnestly urged to givetheir attendance. 

 BATH, Clinton Co., Mich., July 11th, 1856. ATH FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON As I could not enjoy the inestimable privilege of attendingyour celebration at Framingham, I thoughtsomething might be learned by attending a SabbathSchool celebration at De Witt. As straws tell whichway the wind blows, so will a Fourth of July celebrationpoint with unerring certainty to the moral andpolitical development of a people. The first and mostnoticeable thing was as almost total loss of interest inthe day as a day to be celebrated. Aside from the children,the assemblage was small, very small. Judgingfrom the number present, I should say that a very largemajority of the inhabitants in this vicinity think thattheir independence has been whittled down to so smalla 'pint' that it is impassible to find it to celebrate.In fact, many of those present, I found, by conversation,entertained the same opinion. Sumner and Kansas seemed to be in every man'smouth, with the exception of one short, portly men,(Mr. Whipple, from Howell,) who proved to be the oratorof the day. In a speech of an hour's length, notthe faintest breathing of either was heard; and thereason is obvious, for I was informed that he belongedto Gen. Pierce's 'trained band' of border ruffians.Yet he related some plain truths and self-evident facts.About one half of his oration was a glowing advertisementof a class of people 'who are attempting not onlyto crack but entirely sever this glorious Union,' and ofa class of 'fanatics' who had recently, in New York,openly and boldly declared themselves traitors to our'Constitution and Union,'—and in coupling these, andacknowledging themselves their sworn enemies, theyshow, the speaker said, their wisdom, for they muststand or fall together. 'The leader of this traitorousband, one year ago to-day,' he continued,' on this gloriousFourth, actually burned the Constitution toashes, and trampled them beneath his feet. They areperfect Jeremiahs, crying aloud and sparing not. Expediencyis no part of their theory, and compromise isnot admitted into their creed. But let us not be toosecure and easy, for we have every reason to think thatthere is danger to be apprehended from them; for theyalready publish several papers, and it is evident thattheir number is increasing. Great effects sometimesfollow little causes.' So he solemnly warned us of our impending danger,and told us, if we wished for peace, liberty and prosperity,instead of civil war, discord, despotism, andfinal ruin, to stand by and protect the Constitution andUnion from annihilation. Next came a Rev. Mr. Dean, as I understood, whotalked to the children. Said he, 'I have lived North,and I have lived South, and I am well enough acquaintedwith both sections of the country to know ifthe Union is dissolved, it will be done in ten years. Ifit passes through this crisis, this present excitement, itis safe. Now, boys, I want you all to be a Union SafetyCommittee; but, boys, how can you best save theUnion? I'll tell you. By prayer, Go to praying; hepraying boys and praying girls. I am glad to see aBible on one of your banners. Lay the Bible as thefoundation, the Constitution top of that, and then yoursuperstructure will be safe, boys. If you ever becomepoliticians, boys, be praying politicians, then you cannotbe selfish ones.' I wonder if the reverend gentlemanever heard of Gen. Pierce, and that he is a prayingpolitician? So you see that even in Michigan, thewind is blowing from the North, (that place on themap which Webster never could find); it is no cottonbreeze from the South. I find those who, when theybecome convinced that the Republican party has lostits savor, will become Disunionists, rather than begoverned by slavery any longer. 'If we are always,'say they, 'to wear saddle and bridle, for the South toride at will, then let us throw our rider, even if we dobreak his neck.' But the tide is flowing towards dissolution.A few more Sumner tragedies, a few moreKansas murders and conflagrations, will show thepeople the utter worthlessness of our so-called Union. Our Legislature meets the coming winter. Wouldit not be advisable to hold one of your hundred Conventionsat Lancing, so that the members of it canhear the words of truth and soberness from those 'perfectJeremiahs,' 'who are turning the world upsidedown' by their fanatical, traitorous and strange doctrine,'No union with slaveholders'? L.L.R. 

 To-day is the twenty-second anniversary of the abolitionof British West India Slavery—an event whichhas had no parallel in the transition of any people frombondage to liberty, and which, viewed in all its circumstances,the manner in which it was achieved and thegood thereby secured, furnishes cause for profoundestgratitude and universal thanksgiving. It will be dulycommemorated at Abington, Hopedale, Cummington,and other places in this State, and in various parts ofthe country. Alas! that, in our own lead, four millionsof slaves are yet held in galling chains, in spiteof the Declaration of Independence And the Gospel ofChrist! When will the day of jubilee come to them?'How long, O Lord! how long?' O, the unequalledguilt of America!    A song of jubileeComes swelling o'er the seaFrom Indian isles;Each heart beau quiet; and strong—Just rights to all belong—Each face, in all the throng.Is wreathed in smiles.       We celebrate the dayWhen Freedom found her wayTo that fair land: With them that do rejoiceWe join, with heart and voice: Through weal or we our choiceWith right to stand.       But, while we join the songWhich gladdens now the throngOf hearts made free:Upon the Southern galeThere comes a stifled wail:— How does the cheek tare paleThe sight to see!       Millions of hearts are crashed:Yea, every voice is hushedBy mortal fear! Prostrate and mute they lie, Appointed there to die—Though speechless, yet they cry,'Send Freedom here!'       They shall act cry in vain! Be sundered every chain,Let all decree! Christ's love commands the deed—And though with aim we blood, No UNION will we heedTill all are free!      NION  

 Notwithstanding the depressing influences underwhich the colored people of this city have laboredfor many years, their progress has been decided,and gratifying to the friends of humanity. Thestatistics are before us, showing that they have advancedmorally, mentally, materially—or as regardsthe possession of the means of wealth. Benevolentindividuals, and the institutions they haveendowed, have greatly aided in this advancement,but something must also be conceded to the self-reliance,energy, determination and industry ofthe people themselves. There are in this communityseveral colored men who spent all theiryounger life deprived of any facilities for improvement,or pushing their fortunes, who have,by dint of business energy and tact, achievedrespectable positions and independence. Schoolswere established for the instruction of colored youthlong before the State had made any arrangementsfor the accommodation of the children of her owncitizens. Even now, when taxation is imposedupon all for educational purposes, no less thaneleven charity schools are sustained, having accommodationsfor nine hundred pupils. The Stateschools for colored children will secure tuition forover a thousand more. There are also some privateand reformatory schools, thus completingmeans for the benefit of two thousand three hundredand twenty one colored youth. There are 19Sunday schools with 1882 scholars, and 6 missionschools with 395 scholars. The number ofchurches is more than proportioned to the population.Libraries and debating societies are numerous,and among the members of the latter aremen of acuteness of intellect and information. The number of colored persons over twenty-oneyears of age in this city is 9001. Of this total,3371 were born in slave States of free parents—atleast such are their representations. Twelve hundred and twelve slave-born claim tohave been manumitted—leaving but four thousandfour hundred and eighteen, over twenty-one yearsof age, who were born in free territory. It is estimatedthat there are about four thousand threehundred and twenty-one colored children, most ofwhom are free-born Philadelphians. The totalcolored population is thirteen thousand three hundredand twenty two, or about one fifty-fifth of thewhole number of inhabitants of the city. In regard to trades and occupations, supposingthat all who are above twenty years of age workfor their living, we find some statistics which aredoubtless as perfect as they can be made. Thetotal classified is sixteen hundred and ninety-six,leaving seven thousand three hundred and fivewhose avocations are not specified. There are 248harbors; 118 boot and shoe-makers; blacksmiths,22; carpenters, 49; brick-makers, 53; dress-makers,embroiderers, shirt-makers-tailoresses, etc.,808; artists, 5; clerks, 6; musicians, music teachers,15; physicians, 6; school teachers, 16; weavers,19; sail-makers, 13. Then are 41 tradesrepresented, in many of which there are but one,while in others from two to ten. It also appears that the colored population ofPhiladelphia possess $2,685,693 real and personalestate, and that during the year 1855, they paid$9766 42 for taxes, and $396,782 27 for house, water,and ground rents. They had among them108 mutual beneficial societies, 8762 members,with an annual income of $20,600, and a permanentinvested fund of $28,356. During a singleyear, these societies assisted 1385 families, by expendingthe amount of $10,292 38. These statistics are chiefly obtained from a carefullyprepared report made by Mr. Benjamin C.Bacon, on behalf of the Board of Education of the'Pennsylvania Society for promoting the Abolitionof Slavery':—an organization dating book to theRevolutionary war, and which has never interferedwith constitutional rights, but noiselessly and unceasinglydirected its sympathies toward the guidanceand improvement of the colored race. Tothe assiduity, benevolence and perseverance inwell-doing of the members of this association, areto be ascribed many of the improvements in theeducation and social condition of the colored peopleamong us. 

 ☞We are happy to announce that Rev. M.D. CONWAY,the fearless preacher of Washington City, will attendthe celebration of Emancipation at the AbingtonGrove, this day (Friday, August 1st.) ONWAY ☞To Correspondents. T. Whitson's letter to S.M., Jr., received. 

 The Colored Population of Cincinnati, as welearn from the press of that city, number 5,000 ofboth sexes, and the Sun says, 'they are, as a generalthing, sober, thrifty, and industrious.' Oftheir occupation and wealth it is stated—there arefive physicians, one of whom has a very large practiceamong both whites and blacks; twelve grocers;thirty music and school teachers; five daguerreotypists;one patent roofer; five bricklayers andstonemasons; two trunkmakers; twelve dealers inmarket; five or six boot and shoemakers; and numberof excellent tailors, blacksmiths and carpenters;and one hundred milliners, dressmakers,shirtmakers and tailoresses. Among them is HenryBoyd, one of the largest and best cabinet manufacturersin the city, who is worth at least $40,000;J.P. Ball, R.G. Ball, and J.C. Ball, who take asfine daguerreotypes as are taken in the world, andwho are worth $30,000 at least. Sun The names of thirteen of these colored peopleare given, whose property is valued at $10,000;three $6,000; five $5,000; one $4,000; one$3,000; one $9,000; one $8,000; one $12,000;one $14,000; six $16,000; four $20,000; five$30,000; two $40,000. The names of twenty-fiveothers are given, and it is stated that these andmany others, whose names are not mentioned, haveproperty ranging in value from three of twentythousand dollars. When we consider the oppressions and mightyobstacles to progress which these colored peoplemust encounter—the fact that they are, as far aspossible, excluded from 'equal rights to equalchance' (our whilome Citizen Farrell's motto) intrades and profession, this accumulation of wealthis astonishing. And these are the people of whomwe, their oppressors, are accustomed to speak as'a worthless, vicious class, incapable of takingcare of themselves.'—[Vide Colonization Reportsand pro-slavery arguments in all its iterations.] 

 MR. EDITOR: R. DITOR The discussion which occurred between Mr. Burleighand Rev. Mr. Kimball, at the recent meeting at Framingham,though brief, was quite interesting and suggestive,and I had hoped to see the subject more particularlyalluded to in THE LIBERATOR. A doubt as tothe correctness of Mr. Burleigh's position occurred tome, which perhaps will need only to be presented to beremoved. With your permission, I will present it. HE IBERATOR. Mr. Kimball gave it as his opinion, that the enevcite of the selective franchise was one proper channel for anti-slavery action. Mr. Burleigh dissented, for thereason that in voting, the man acts not merely as anindividual giving expression to his opinions in politicalaffairs, but as a sovereign, participating in andsustaining the government; and If the government isguilty of any crime or wickedness, he is guilty to theextent of his participancy. Therefore, voting underthe American government, which upholds the greatcrime of slavery, is wrong. Granting the argument to be sound, does it notheld good as to say government which tolerates anyevil, small or great? And as no immsoulate governmentis likely to arise at present, how can a conscientiousman act as a citizen under andy circumstances?Human government, for same purpose, is admitted tobe necessary; shall we leave it to be conducted whollyby men not troubled with a conscience? Is the no-governmenttheory a cardinal doctrine with Garrisonians? Again, Mr. Burleigh is reported as saying, that; bythe act of suffrage, a virtual promise is given that obedienceshall be rendered to all the acts which the representativeshall help to enact.' Perhaps act, if werecognize that 'higher law which is above the Constitution.'So far as the enactments are right and proper,we agree to obey; but if they are morally wrong,we are bound by a higher covenant to disobey. I would like to suggest another thing, quite distinctfrom the above. In arguing the question of anti-slavery,I am sometimes met with this reply: 'Yes, slaveryis wrong; I agree with all you say against it;but there are greater evils than slavery; war is agreater evil; '—and a vivid imagination may picturethe horrors of war so that one is almost persuaded thatit is so. I would like to see the question considered inyour columns, whether slavery or war is the greaterevil; and if war is the greater, and a dissolution ofthe Union, or an attempt to abolish slavery, is likelyor certain, so for as human foresight can determine,to result in war—in which course lies the path of duty? B. EMARKS. 1. We think Mr. Burleigh was unquestionably correctin his statement, that the voter at the polls 'actsnot merely as an individual giving expression to hisopinions in political affairs, but as a sovereign, participatingin and sustaining the government,' accordingto its organic character; and to this extent be is to beheld responsible for whatever of criminality or sin isinvolved in any of its requirements. The interrogationof the apostle (Rom. vi. 16) is exactly to the point:'Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servantsto obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey;whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?'Every voter virtually inscribes upon hisballot the Constitution of the United States—he votesfor a candidate whom he empowers and expects to takethe oath of allegiance to that Constitution, in all fidelity,and without any mental reservation whatever—and, consequently, he is to be held answerable for allthat is embodied in that instrument, even though hemay not only dislike some of its provisions, but may beendeavoring to effect a modification of it, so as to makeit conform to his ideas of moral rectitude; for heagrees to sustain it as it is, in spits of his objections,until it be amended by a constitutional process, and soconsents to wrong-doing for the time-being, rather thanto lose his vote. opinions the Constitution of the United States 2. It does not follow, nor did Mr. Burleigh mean toaffirm, that' If the government is guilty of any crimeor wickedness,' the voter is to be held responsible forit; because it may be an act of sheer 'border ruffian'usurpation, as in the case of Pres. Pierce, in his nefarioustreatment of Kansas. But if there be any 'crimeor wickedness' in the organic nature of the government—in its principles or measures—in any of itsstipulations or exactions—then to vote to uphold it, orto elect another to take an oath to see all its provisionsfaithfully executed, is to be a participator in the guiltthereof—all metaphysical shuffling to the contrary notwithstanding. any 3. It follows logically, and as a matter of sound morality,that if 'the American government [constitutionally]upholds the great crime of slavery,' voting underit is wrong; and it is for this among other reasons—knowing the pro-slavery compromises contained in theConstitution—we refuse to touch the ballot, stained asit is with the blood of four millions of slaves. 4. But our correspondent inquires,' Granting theargument to be sound, does it not hold good as to anygovernment which tolerates any evil, small or great?'As we are talking about crime and sin, we understandhim to mean any moral evil, and therefore answer hisquestion in the affirmative. 5. But, says our correspondent, 'as no immaculategovernment [i.e., none that is not organically unjust]is likely to arise at present, how can a conscientiousman act as a citizen under any circumstances?' We,too, ask the MM question, and should like to be shownhow he can so act, and keep his conscience clean. Wethink he cannot. 6. What, then, is to be done? 'Human government,for some purposes.' says 'B.,' 'Is admitted to be necessary.'But, rarely, a wicked government is not necessary;and when any one is inherently so, it forfeitsits right to exist even for an hour. Indeed, properlyspeaking, there is but one government,—and that isnot human, but divine; there is but one law,—andthat is 'the higher law'; there is but one ruler, and,he is God, 'in whom we live, and move, and have ourbeing.' What is called human government is usurpation,imposture, demagogueism, peculation. swindlingand tyranny, more or less, according to circumstances,and to the intellectual and moral condition of the people.Unquestionably, every existing government onearth is to be overthrown by the growth of mind and amoral regeneration of the masses. Absolutism—limitedmonarchy—democracy—all are sustained by thesword—all are baaed upon the doctrine that 'mightmakes right'—all are intrinsically inhuman, selfish,clannish, and opposed to a recognition of the brotherhoodof man. They are to liberty what whiskey, brandyand gin are to temperance. They belong to 'the kingdoms of this world,' and are in due time to be utterlydestroyed by the brightness of the coming of Him'wheat right it is to reign,' and by the erection of akingdom which cannot be shaken. They are not forthe people, but make the people their prey; they arehostile to all progress; they resist to the utmost allradical changes. All history shows that Liberty, Humanity,Justice and Right have ever been in conflictwith existing governments, no matter what their theoryor form. wicked 7. But, 'shall we leave government to be conductedwholly by men not troubled with a conscience?' Thisis only to ask, 'shall! we leave the dead to bury theirdead?" Or, in another form,—'may we not do evilthat good may come?'—'will not the end sanctify themeans?' Is it not still true, that 'wherever thecarcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together'?Is is not paradoxical to talk of a man who is 'troubledwith a conscience,' swearing to be loyal to a governmentwhich he sees and admire to be essentially unrighteous?What else can be do but to 'come out, andbe separate, and not touch the unclean thing'? Hiskingdom is within. His 8. Is the no-government theory a cordial doctrinewith Garrisonisms?'—Answer—the term 'Garrisonismis applied to those who agree with us a our viewsof slavery and the pro-slavery character of the Constitution.Those are not agreed on the question of government,per as, but entertain different views in regardto it. They are generally united in the sentiment of'no union with slaveholders,' and therefore advocate adissolution of the existing Union, as uncompromisingand consistent abolitionists. Again we reply—the term'no-government' is a nickname, a misnomer, a misrepresentation,an blunder, a caricature, resorted to bytheone mire of peace. We neither use it, nor advocate it,not believer in it; but exactly the reverse. Our 'theory'is, that what is popularly called government is eithera chain of iron or a rope of sand,— either despotic orlicentious, or both,—and house, must ultimately perish;and that men are to be guided, act by brute forceor penal law, but be the spirit of love, justice, mercy,and good will to the whole human race, 'without partiallyand without hypocrisy.' We believe in the sacrednessof human life, human happiness, humanliberty, and in 'ceasing from men, whose breath isin his nostrils,' and relying for safety and protectionon an infinite arm. At the same time, weare far from discarding those arrangements and regulationsprinciples we have laid down, and which, in the natureof things, are necessary to the welfare and comfortof every community. per as 9. Politically speaking, whoever swears to maintainthe U.S. Constitution is precluded from making any appealto the 'higher law,' to the subversion or nullificationof any portion of that instrument. His oathpresupposes that he has scrupulously analyzed the Constitution,and, finding nothing in it which he regardsas in violet km of right and justice, be consequently,with a clean conscience, agrees to uphold it. If, however,at any time, he believes it to be, in whole or inpart, contrary to the moral law, his duty is plain—torefuse to lake the oath of allegiance, and, appealing tothe 'higher law,' decline to hold office in the government.But while he consents to it, and occupies anystation is virtue of it, the Constitution is to be 'theparamount law' of his conscience, as well as of theland which adopts it. 10. It is not the question whether War or Slaverybe the greater evil. They use both the scourges of thehuman race, and for ever to be repudiated. Slavery isa state of war continually, and the nursery of civil andservile revolts. Its abolition is essential to the peaceand repose of the land. So long as the North gives toit religions fellowship and governmental cooperation,so long will the war spirit continue to abound and increase.Her duty is peaceably to withdraw from theUnion, leaving the South to assume all the responsibilitiesof her bloody slave system, and never doubting that a glorious result will follow. LIBERTY OR SLAVERY THE ONLY QUESTION. 'Suchis the title of as Oration delivered July 4th, 1856, atJamestown, Chautaque County, New York, by Rev.SAMUEL J. MAY, of Syracuse. It is an earnest andglowing production, showing the rise and growth of theSlave Power, its nature and designs, its outrages on allconstitutional rights in Kansas and at Washington, andthe incompatibility of Freedom making any alliancewith it. We are greatly surprised to find, however,that our early coadjutor and beloved friend endorses theRepublican party, and advocates a sealous support atthe polls of Fremont and Dayton; because we had supposedthat, inasmuch as he is a radical peace advocate, and the Constitution provides for war—as be holds to nocompromise with slavery, and that instrument is saturatedwith it—he must feel himself morally precludedfrom touching the blood-stained ballot. Ws shall makesome extracts from his address in another number, andmay then offer a few critical remarks. IBERTY OR LAVERY THE ONLY UESTION. AMUEL AY ☞Crosby, Nichols k Co., 111 Washington Street,Boston, have just published, in a neat pamphlet, 'THEPILGRIMS OF PLYMOUTH: A Poem delivered before theNew England Society, in the City of New York, at theirSemi-Centennial Anniversary, Dec. 22, 1855, by JOHNPIERPONT.' It is a highly descriptive and vigorousproduction, well adapted to the occasion and the times,and will help the cause of freedom along. HE ILGRIMS OF YMOUTH OHN IERPONT. 'THE KANSAS WAR; or, The Conquests of Chivalryin the Crusades of the Nineteenth Century—A HeroicPoem'—is the title of a handsome pamphlet of 164 pages,just from the press of Mason Brothers, New York.A rapid glance is all we have yet been able to take ofit. It is written in the Hudibrastic vein and measure— is witty, caustic, and highly effective in its delineationsof Border Ruffianism and its conquests in Kansas.We think it will prove a successful effort, and obtain awide circulation. Who its author is, we know not. Weshall take some extracts from it hereafter. HE ANSAS AR THE HAIR. We refer our readers to the advertisementof Madame CARTEAUX, Hair Doctrese, 365 WashingtonStreet, in this city, and assure them that shestands pre-eminent in her profession, and never fails togive entire satisfaction to her customers—who, by theway, are not confined to Boston and its immediate vicinity,many securing her services in various parts ofthe State, in Rhode Island, and elsewhere. Her knowledgeof the diseases incidental to the Hair and Scalpenables her to be remarkably successful in her treatmentof them. Whoever wishes to have the head thoroughlychampooed, or to obtain a hair restorative thatmay be relied upon to the extent of its promise, will dowell to give her a call. These who go once, never failto repeat the visit. Her patronage and professionalreputation are constantly increasing. This is a voluntarytribute, and not a more puff. HE AIR. ARTEAUX 'CAMPION EDITION.' Messrs. John P. Jewell &Co.have published a very neat and attractive 'Republican'electioneering pamphlet, containing the RepublicanPlatform, the Lives of Fremont and Dayton, withsteel portraits of each, and their letters of acceptance.Also, the Declaration of Independence, and the Constitution of the United States. AMPION DITION. A TERRIFIC BLOW FOR LIBERTY. In Cecil county,Md., near the head of Sassafras river, two men patrollingto prevent the escape of slaves, met a negro, whomthey stopped and were questioning, when, by a powerfulback-handed blow with a knife, he struck one of themen, and cut his head completely off. The other wastoo much horrified to pursue, and the negro escaped. ERRIFIC LOW FOR IBERTY. ☞For some rich specimens of political duplicityand mendacity, pertaining to 'our glorious Union,'and the dangers which threaten its stability, see 'Refugeof Oppression.' SENATOR SUMNER. The Advertiser's Washington correspondentsays that late intelligences from Mr. Sumnershows that he does act recover from his debility. Hehas left Cape May for the mountains. ENATOR UMNER. Advertiser's ☞We are indebted to Senators Sumner, Wilsonand Durkee for sundry valuable Congressional documents.Also, to Hon. C.L. Knapp, of the House ofRepresentatives, for similar fetors. A VOICE FROM ENGLAND. At a meeting held in theTown Hall, Bridgwater, England, the Rev. S.A. Steinthalin the chair, it was OICE FROM NGLAND. Resolved, That this meeting having read with sorrowand indignation of the assault made upon the sacredright of freedom of speech, when the fitting representativeof South Caroline chivalry, Preston S.Brooks, struck down, upon the flour of the SenateChamber, the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,Mr. Sumner, it would hereby express its deep sympathywith Mr. Sumner. and, through him, with all the noblemen who are combatting against slavery in the UnitedStates, thereby earning for themselves names that shallbe blessed through all ages by freedom of every land;and, while sympathizing thus deeply with the wrongsinflicted on the friends of freedom, would urge teem tocontinue their efforts, even under their present trials,until the United States are freed from the curse of slavery. S.A. STEINTHAL, Chairman. Chairman. Bridgwater, June 26, 1856. 

 C. Jordan, Esq. gives the Cleveland Herald thefollowing incidents of the terrible casualty: Cleveland Herald Among the lady passengers by the Northern Indians,was Miss Jennings, of Waverly, Ill., ayoung lady who had been attending school in Philadelphia,and was returning homeward unattended.She was among the lost. When the Mississippicame near, a young woman was seen hanging bythe ropes over the bow, nearly reaching the water.While so clinging, to save her life, a man wasseen to descend by the same rope, and soon struckthe young woman's hands, loosening her hold.—She sunk into the water, and rose no more. Itwas not known whether the man who was the causeof this result, was aware that another unfortunatewas clinging for life to the same rope. An Irish woman named Bridget Glynn, with herfour children, was on board the burning boat. Shethrew her children, the youngest of whom was anursing infant, into the water, and then followedthem. She maintained the most admirable presenceof mind, and while sustaining herself fromsinking, she preserved all four of her little onesfrom drowning, instructing them how to keep up,and raining them as often as they sank. One wasdrawn under and passed over by a small boat fromthe Mississippi. The mother, as soon as the boatpassed by, caught sight of a head, and graspingat the hair, drew up the child, her eldest. Themother and four children are among those saved.They were on their way to join husband and fatherat Chicago. Mrs. Akroyd, a lady emigrating to the West, recentlyfrom England, was saved, and was the onlysurvivor of her party, which included her father,mother, husband, and two children. None of theproperty and money belonging to the family wassaved, the father and husband having their fundsin gold secured in a belt around their persons.=Mrs. A., we are informed, was so overcome by hersituation, and the loss of her friends, that she becameinsane. Dr. Nims and wife, of Tully, Onondaga county,were saved, but lost their only child, a boy of fiveyears. He broke off a piece of oak from the fendersof the boat, and threw it into the water, tellinghis wife that when he had jumped down and gothold of the stick, she should throw to him the boy.On grasping the float, he found that it would notsustain him, on account of its density, and hecould not manage it. His wife threw her littleson overboard, telling him to trust to his father forsafety. The lad clung to his father's neck withso strong a clasp that it nearly strangled him, andboth went under. Feeling he must loosen the hold of his child, orboth perish, he unclasped the arms of the boy, andgave him a push, intending to turn at once, andhold him in safety. But the unfortunate child atonce went down, and was drowned. The fatherand mother were saved, and lament in most affectinggrief the loss of their darling and only child.Another physician was saved, with his wife, butlost his only son. Mr. Joseph F. Pressley, of Frankfort, Indians,was among the drowned. He had on a life-preserver,but was ill and dying with consumption, andcould not help himself. He was a man much respectedat home—a lawyer and editor. Others who were drowned had life-preservers uponthem. Incidents partaking of the humorous, occurredeven in the midst of this awful scene. One mancame upon deck with his hands full of money, andhis watch hanging by his guard-chain upon hisarm. He was in great distress to know what heshould do with these things. 'Do tell,' he cried,'what I shall do with my money?' He was toldthat he must not think of having his hands burdenedwith his gold, or he would be lost. He wasstill bewildered by the excitement of the time.—Finally he threw his watch overboard, and put hisgold in his pocket. A young lad who was strippedto jump in, saw the watch flying, sprang after it,catching it on his arm before it reached the waterHe hung it around his neck, and being a goodswimmer, kept afloat until taken up. He was rewardedby the owner, who was saved, with $10. Just previous to the breaking out of the fire, andbefore any thought of such a disaster had beenstarted, one of the passengers who had in his stateroom a sum of money—some $3000—went andtook from the package about half the amount, andput it in his pocket. When the alarm of fire wasgiven, he found it impossible to reach his stateroom,and the balance was lost. He could not explainto himself why he took a portion of the money,or why he should have taken any of it at thetime he did. It was a suggestion of his mindwhich came involuntarily and without apparentcause—one of those incomprehensible things forwhich there is no explanation. The Detroit Tribune of Friday, relates the followingincidents: The Detroit Tribune There was on the ill-fated steamer Northern Indians,a lone mother with four children. Satisfyingherself that the destruction of the boat wasinevitable, and that the wide waters of the lakewas the derer and almost hopeless resort, the noblewoman coolly cast her eyes about her for thebest security for her four little ones an herself.—Looking over the side of the vessel, she saw a tablefloating near by. Quickly she calculated thechances. Then, binding three of her children toherself, she gently lifted the fourth over the side ofthe vessel, and dropped him into the lake, directinghim to 'keep still, and float on the water.' Havingdone this, she next jumped into the water herselfwith her three little once. In a few momentsshe seized the floating table, placed her three littleonce upon it, then sought and secured her fourthchild, and getting them all upon it, she clung toit herself until all were finally rescued by theboats, and placed upon the steamer Mississippi,where the noble woman was heartily cheered andcongratulated by the passengers on the steamer,who had been anxiously watching all her movements,and who manifested their regard for her with warm hearts and unstrung p.—Such a woman deserves to be a mother. derer    About one half of these saved last ,are nearly destitute, some entirely so. One manand his wife and $2,000, their all, with which theywere going West to purchase a farm. They lostall, and had hardly clothing enough to cover themleft. Another man going West with his familyand $500, all his savings for years, and all lost.—A poor woman with four children, the eldest abouteight years old, lost everything, but saved theirlives. Another woman with two children, one ather breast, was saved with her little ones, but nothingelse.  

 The calendar, the organ of the Episcopal Churchis Connecticut, in giving and account of the late Diocesan Convention of that State, says:— calendar 'St. Luke's Church, New Haven, a parish composedof colored people, was admitted into union with theConvention several years sines, and has been entitledto the same representation in the Annual Conventionwhich pertains to the other parishes. The clergymanof the parish has generally been a whose man, butit gave us much pleasure to meet him and the declarehim at the altar, not after all others had departed,but in the midst of many brethren. It reminded us ofthe early days of the Church, when a Cyprian and anAugustine stood at the head of the Church's Doctorsin various part of Africa. A contrary practice, whichhas prevailed in other discusses, has often been productiveof unpleasant feelings at home, and more unpleasantcomment abroad. In this respect, we think someof the Church institutions have made a mistake, whenthey declined receiving the colored candidate and brotherto the College, Seminary, or Convention. Whatevermay be our opinion of the relationship existingbetween the races in a civil point of view, there shouldbe no difference in the Church. There brethren moston an equality, as truly as they will be as the meanof rest in the kingdom of our father.' This is, to be sure, a very encouraging sign of thetimes, and suggestive of that yet better day to come,when 'churches composed entirely of colored people'will be consigned to the grave of oblivion; when allChristian brethren, without reference to such distinction,will unite in the earthly tabernacles as is theirprofessed belief of associating when they reach those'mansions of rest in the kingdom of our Father.' But though, by dint of faithful anti-slavery preceptand example, colorphobia does not now exhibit its haggard and defiant front all day long and on everyoccasion yet, true to its evil instincts, ways and meansare not lacking by which to remind colored Americathat on the side of the oppressor there is both the powerand disposition to annoy and insult those whom ithates because it has injured. A recent manifestationof this 'peculiar institution' was put forth when weMrs. Webb, the dramatic reader, applied for a passageto Liverpool in the steamer from this port last June.She was refused, and told that the berths were all engaged—a statement which subsequent inquiry provedto be incorrect. Mrs. Webb engaged passage in one ofTrain's packet ships, and neither herself nor husbandhad any fault to find with the accommodations. Herrefection from the steamer will but augment the success confidently predicted of her tour in the Old World,she being furnished with numerous testimonials fromselect circles here to distinguished individuals there. A colored passenger did, however, obtained cabin farein the steamer Canada, which reached Boston July 3d.But whether John Bull had no prejudices to conquer,or what other causes may have operated, suffice it tosay, the colored American met with no repulse, andthroughout the entire passage was treated as a manamongst men. The Poet's corner of THE LIBERATIOR has been severaltimes graced with contributions from the muse of a young colored indy, Miss Charlotte L. Forten, who hasjust graduated from the Normal School at Salem. TheRegister, of that city, in summing up the exercises,awards her the following merited tribute. The poem'so skillfully written and gracefully delivered was theproduction of one of that ofttimes proscribed race,"guilty of a skin not colored like our own. " She presented, in her own mental endowments, and propriety ofdemeanor, an honorable vindication of the claims ofher race to the rights of mental culture and the privileges of humanity. HE IBERATIOR Register As a confirmation of the above, Miss Forten hasreceived and appointment as assistant teacher in a publicschool in that city. Truly, a heart-cheering token tothe friend of progress. Central College, at McGrawville, has had three colored professors, but this is thefirst instance in Massachusetts where as colored teacherhas held such a position, except in an exclusive coloredschool. The Equal School Rights Reform is indeedwinning golden triumphs, even at this early day. Among the colored pupils who received diplomas atthe recent examination of the Boston public schoolswere the following:— Phillips School—Ira Nell Gray Wells School—Ad Howard, Elizabeth Norton Smith. Bowdoin School—Mary F. Carney. Brimmer School—Charles Johnson. May these pupils and their companions persevere inthe path so successfully trod, and next year afford usthe gratification of recording some of their namesamong the Medal Scholars! Massachusetts enjoys the enviable reputation of extending equally of educational facilities to all childrenwithin her borders; and well may Boston , 'the Athensof America,' be proud of her present position in thisrespect. A few days since, we questioned a coloredyoung man with regard to the books he was reading,when he showed me a volume obtained from a publicliterary institution of which he and several others of hiscomplexion are members. A few years since, and hispresence in their midst would have been the signal foran outburst of colorphobia. Times have changed. Thewould yet moves. The rights of man will yet beestablished. Labor on, friends of equally! Hope on, hopeever! W.C.N. Boston, July, 1856. 

 UNMERCIFUL BEATING OF ANIMALS. A correspondentof the New England Former calls attention tothe unmerciful beating of horses, as seen in ourstreets. He truly says: NMERCIFUL EATING OF NIMALS. New England Former 'It is a singular fact, that some men never havean animal which is not, every time he is exercised,guilty of some misdemeanor, in their opinion, andwhich calls for harsh treatment. This rash wayof dealing with the brutes may gratify a savageor peevish disposition, but it is anything but economicalas a remedial agent; as in nine cases outof ten, it aggravates the fault charged upon the animal,and originates others, for which, of course,he must in due time be corrected. He will be aptto partake largely of the fractious nature of hiskeeper, or become shy and apprehensive, wheneverhe approaches him, and avoid him if he can. Hisobedience and general service will be that whichfear renders in a reluctant manner; and not thatwhich he renders with cheerfulness. It represents,too, the man engaged in it as possessed of anythingbut a noble and manly frame of mind. He certainlycannot, in the heat of passion, be in a state ofmind to do justice to the animal, and will be ingreat danger of injuring him, as his better judgmentwill have but little to do with the matter, orwith him, at such a time.' fear The editor of the Former adds the followingsensible remark:— Former 'There is scarcely a week but we witness in Bostonexamples of man's inhumanity' to his best servant,the noble horse. The first is the constant andtantalizing use of the abominable cheek-rein,which causes more anguish to the horse, ten timesover, than all the beatings he gets, and the secondin overloading and then scourging him because itis out of his power to back or draw the load.We wish there were a city ordinance preventingany teamster from carrying a whip which shouldweigh more than two ounces. 

 A quarterly meeting of this Society was held atBrookfield, in the Unitarian meeting house, constitutingon Saturday evening, July 16th. In the absence of the President, SAMUEL MAY Jr.,took the chair, and announced the objects of the meetinginviting a free participation in the discussions. AMUEL AY CHARLES C. BURLEIGH addressed the audience in asound and eloquent speech, in which be forcibly arguedthat, had it not been for the faithful and perseveringlabors of the early abolitionists, slavery would undoubtedlyhave spread far more rapidly, and secured conquestsfar more easily than it has done,— while theNorthern spirit would have been much more passive andobject than it now is. HARLES URLEIGH Rev. Mr. HUNTING, pastor of the Society, gave notice that the meetings, on Sunday, would be held inconnexion with those of the Society to which he ministered. UNTING Accordingly, on Sunday morning SAMUEL MAY Jr.delivered an anti-slavery discourse to a congregationrespectable in character and numbers, and in the afternoon, Rev. ANDREW T FOSS also delivered ananti-slavery discourse. Both of the speakers spoke over anhour; yet a very patient and close attention was givento their remarks, which dealt very plainly with themonster crime of our nation, and with the compromisingspirit by which it had been fostered from the first.The Dissolution of our Union with the slaveholdingStates was shown to be the only practicable, safe, andrighteous remedy for the evils in which we are involved. AMUEL AY NDREW OSS At a third meeting. CHARLES C. Burleigh againspoke, searching out and exposing with great clearnessthe various influences under which slavery has flourishedand grown strong in the land. HARLES In a distant part of the town, another meeting washeld, simultaneously with the last named, which wasaddressed by Rev. A.T. FOSS. OSS. Rev. Mr. HUNTING gave much aid to the speakers byhis own manly position, by his constant presence andparticipation in the meetings, and by many acts ofgood-will and hospitality. The anti-slavery cause willbe on the eve of its perfect triumph, when every professed Christian minister is as true and brave, and asready to open his heart and pulpit to the freest discussionof it, as Mr. H. Members and friends of the Society were presentfrom North and West Brookfield, and from Warren. ☞The Letter of Gov. Robinson of Kansas, writtenwhile yet he remains in cruel captivity with his companions, (which we have printed in another column,)is enough to stir a fever in the blood of age.' 

 THE HORRORS OF THE OREGON WAR are of a piecein cruelty with the worst conduct which the whitemen of America have exhibited in their shamefulrelations with the aboriginal races. Recent eventsin Oregon quite out do in savage atrocity all thatit recorded of the doings in King Phillips's warand the days of Captain Church. One of Gen.Wool's statements is, that Major Lupton killed 25men, women, and children, one of whom was asquaw carrying a child, which was taken by theheels and dashed against a tree. Concerned inthese murders was a Hanks Brown, of whom hesays: 'An Indian boy about 12 years of age, whocould speak a few words of English, ran to himand said, 'I have done you no harm; my heart isgood towards you; you will not kill me.' Brownreplied,' Damn your Indian heart,' and seized himby the hair, and with his bowie knife severed hishead from his body.' HE ORRORS OF THE REGON AR Another of his statements concerning the murderof a Spencer family is corroborated by an Oregonpaper, the Argue, which says: 'The family of Spencer, a chief who resides atVancouver, was made up of his father, an old grayhaired Indian, his (Spencer's) wife and four children,a daughter nearly grown, and three youngersons, one of whom was a sucking babe. The Indianshad been up to Dulles, in the service of theUnited States Government, and were on their wayback to Vancouver, under the charge of JosephMeek, and having regular passes about their persons.In making the portage of the Cascades, itseems that they were overtaken by seven men, (ifsuch they might be called,) and forcibly taken fromCol. Meek, and one after the other was murderedby means of a strong cord, which was tied aroundthe neck, and twisted with a stick until life wasextinct. 

 I am induced to address the voters of the FourthCongressional District, through the columns the SouthCarolinian, because it is a paper having an extensivecirculation in my district, and because of the shortnessof the time that will elapse before the election to supplythe vacancy created by my resignation, which Ihave observed is on the 28th inst. South When I accepted, fellow-citizens, the commission torepresent you, I felt that you had committed your honorto my care, together with your interests. Upon theinstant of my first election, the responsibilities of mynew position weighed heavily upon me. I found relief,however, the reflection, that, although a beneficentCreator had vouchsafed great intellectual endowmentsto comparatively but few of his creatures, yet that hehad constituted every man of common sense with powerto be just, loyal, and true; and I silently vowed, thatthough nature should deny me the privilege of addingeven an humble intellectual flower to the chaplet ofSouth Carolina, I would be a sentinel to her honor, andguard the glories with which better and abler men hadgraced her brow. On the 19th and 20th of May last past, a Senatorfrom the Commonwealth of Massachusetts falsified herhistory and deformed her character. I remembered myresolve, and performed my vow. For this act, withwhich you are familiar, the House of Representativesendeavored to expel me form that body. The vote onthe resolution to expel was 121 yeas and 95 nays—lessthan two thirds, which is the number required by theConstitution to expel a member. There were circumstances ofgratification attending this vote; but therewere also circumstances of displeasure. Every memberfrom the slave-owning States voted to sustain me buttwo, and they were Know-Nothings—the one man fromMaryland (Mr. Hoffman), and the other from Delaware(Mr. Cullen.) Thirteen gentlemen from the freeStates also voted against the resolution to expel. But a majority of the House has pronounced me, becauseof my act, unworthy of a seat in the AmericanCongress. I could not, as the representative of a higher and gallant constituency, rest with this imputation uponyou and myself. I resigned my seat, and,kicking the black dust of a Black Republican majorityfrom my feet, I left the Hall in indignation and disgust. My appeal is to you. If I have represented youfaithfully, then re- elect me with an unanimity whichwill thunder into the ears of fanaticism the terrors ofthe storm that is coming upon them. If in aught Ihave failed to represent you as you are, them in God'sname send some man whose blood is more sluggish than It was my purpose to have made my appeal to you inperson, but there are circumstances not necessary nowto mention, which have induced me, under the adviceof discreet friends, to remain 'on the ground.' Fornearly two months, I have been in daily receipt ofmany letters, threatening my life, whether in the Capitol,in the streets, or in my chamber. Thought seeminglyundisturbed during the time, now that the crisisis past, I realize that I have been in a condition of continuous excitement, and that I need repose. I could bebut one week in the State, even if I were to return,and of necessity could see but a few of my constituents. While I am here, I can and will, as a private gentleman,defend the honor of our good old State from assaults proceedingfrom any and every quarter. I herewith couple an extract from the Journal ofCommerce, which is published in New York city, togetherwith the comments upon it by the New YorkDaily Times:— Journal of 'P.S. BROOKS. We are gland in see that the firstimpluse of approbation expressed by some of the Southernpapers [of Book's attack upon Sumner] haspassed away, and that nearly the whole South, in common with thewhole North, now condemn the assaultas unjustifiable and brutal.'—Journal of Commerce. ROOKS. Journal of Commerce. 'We shall soon have an opportunity of testing thetruth of these assurances Mr. Brooks has gone hometo appeal to his constituents. If it be true, as theJournal of Commerce and other papers of the samestamp assert, that was conduct is condemned by 'thewhole South,' or by any considerable portion of it, as'unjustifiable and brutal,' they will manifest that displeasureby refusing to re elect him. Under the circumstancesof the case, his re-election would be thestrongest possible endorsement of his conduct. And ifhis constituents are desirous of having it understoodthat they do not approve of it, they have a very simpleway of making it manifest. This will be the only issuepresented in his case. Upon all other subjects, othermore readily be found who will be quite as acceptablerepresentatives as he. If is re-nominated and reelected,it will be solely and exclusively because his constituentsdesire thus to endorse and applaud his assaultupon Mr. Sumner. 'Now, does the Journal of Commerce believe theywill re elect him, or not? If it does, it can hardlypretend also to believe that they condemn his conductas 'unjustifiable and brutal.' Journal of Commerce The issue involved is distinctly set forth in the aboveextracts, and it is for you to say which of these editors is the Daniel in judgement. I have the honor to have been your servant, andrespectfully your fellow-citizen, P.S. BROOKS. Washington City, July 18. 

 WM. WELLS BROWN. We were not wholly unpreparedto listen to an interesting narration, when Mr.Brown was introduced to us as the gentleman advertisedto lecture on slavery before a Vergennes audience.He spoke to a crowded house on Monday night last,and we must be permitted to say, that very seldomhave we listened to a lecture by a while man surpassingit in interest, eloquence and feeling. Mr. Brown'sappearance as a lecturer is rather prepossessing, althoughyou feel better prepared to listen to a narrativethan a lecture, and it is not until he warms up withthe theme that you lose sight of the speaker, and flashesof wit and sparkling gems of thought, scattered withrapidity and force, convince you that no ordinary manis swaying the feelings of a deeply interested andbreathless auditory. M. ELLS ROWN. On Tuesday evening, Mr. Brown read his Drama,written by himself. The scene is laid in a Boston parsonage,the pastor it a Northern man with Southernpartialities. The author takes him south on a pleasuretour, and by a strange turn of events, the pastor is soldinto slavery, and undergoes the frightful 'breaking in'process applied by planters to refractory slaves. Heis kept there long enough to convince him that hisviews of slavery were taken from a wrong stand-point,and he is brought back by his friends with opinionsthoroughly changed on the subject. The Drama closesby introducing to the pastor a fugitive slave seekingaid to escape to Canada. There are many vivid, graphicand thrilling passages in the course of the reading,and they are brought out by Mr. B. with telling power.It was no matter of surprise to us, that in the last act,when the trembling fugitive burst forth into a peroration,towering and noble in language and sentiment,in favor of freedom as it should be, scarcely a dry eyewas to be seen in the room. No man of ordinary abilitycould originate so truthful a picture, and few, veryfew, have the capacity requisite to do justice to thesubject before an appreciative audience.—Vergennes(Vt.) Citizen. Vergennes(Vt.) Citizen. MR. WM. WELLS BROWN'S DISCOURSE last evening,in the Town Hall, was uncommonly interesting, bothfor its matter, and for the manner of its delivery. Thefew personal incidents of his own life which he recountedwith equal modesty and vivacity, wage made tobear on his main point, viz., that the evil of slavery inour country is a deep-seated one—that its power in thenation has been steadily on the increase for a long period—that it works to the injury of the white man noless than of the black man—that it aims to extendover the free States the power which it exerts in theslave States: and that this can be prevented if, in thefree States, men will be as true to freedom as, in theslave States, the slaveholders are true to slavery.—and in no other way. Mr. Brown's address as a publicspeaker is uncommonly pleasing.—Burlington Press. R. M. ELLS ROWN'S ISCOURSE Burlington Press. 

 The New York Evening Post has a poem entitled'Brooks's Canada Song.' We copy the verses as pleasantreading for a very hot day:— Evening Post To Canada Brooks was asked to go,To waste of powder a pound or so,He sighed as he answered. No, no, no,They might take my life on the way, you know.    Those Jersey railroads I can't abide,'Tis a dangerous thing in the trains to ride:Each brakeman carries a knife by his side—They'd cut my throat, and they'd cut it wide.    There are savages haunting New York Bay,To murder strangers that pass that way;The Quaker Garrison keeps them in pay,And they kill at least a score a day.    Beyond New York, in every car,They keep s supply of feathers and tar;They daub it on with an iron bar,And I should be smothered ere I got far.    Those dreadful Yankees talk through the nose;The sound is terrible, goodness knows;And, when I hear it, a shiver goesFrom the crown of my head to the tips of my toes.    So, dearest Mr. Burlingame,I'll stay at home, if 'tis all the same.And I'll tell the world it's a burning shameThat we did not fight, and you're to blame.    

 PRAYERS NOT IN THE PRAYER-BOOK. On a recentSabbath, when the news of the brutal and cowardly attackupon Mr. Sumner was fresh in the public mind,Rev. Dr. Hatfield, pastor of the North PresbyterianChurch in this city, took occasion in offering prayer toutter the fallowing words: RAYERS NOT IN THE RAYER OOK. 'O Lord, bring slavery to an end, and hasten thetime when the Spirit of the Lord shall guide our legislatorsin all wisdom and judgment—when our earsshall no more hear the alarm of blood and violence inour Senate-chamber, and when tyranny and despotismshall give place to the power of love, that men mayknow God and reverence His holy name—that His glorymay be made known throughout the nations and theworld.' At the first subsequent church-meeting, a pew-holderstopped up and settled his account for pew-rent, declaredhis pew vacant, carried away the cushions, andin explanation of his conduct, presented in writing thefollowing concise statement—'I am an Abolitionist?' I am an Abolitionist? A clergyman in a neighboring city, a few weeks ago,in the course of a prayer in church, said: 'O Lord,we beseech Thee, convert the heart of Franklin Pierce,and make him a changed and better man!' We didnot learn, however, that these words inspired any pew-holderto a sudden settlement of his rent, a removal ofhis cushions, or a declaration in writing. Yet, if theyhad been uttered in the pulpit of Dr. Sunderland'schurch in Washington, there is no telling who wouldhave got up and gone out.—N.Y. Independent. N.Y. Independent. 

 WASHINGTON, July 25. ASHINGTON Mr. Burlingame, in answer to a warrant, appearedbefore Justice Hollings head this morning, in companywith Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, and the two entered intoa joint bond of five thousand dollars that Mr. Burlingameshall not engage in a duel in the District of Columbia,or leave it for such a purpose. The jury in the Herbert case, after retiring for threequarters of an hour, returned a verdict of acquittal.The announcement was received with manifestations ofjoy and delight, and Mr. Herbert was immediately surroundedby his friends, who accompanied him toKirkwood House. About six o'clock, Mr. Preston, for the prosecution,wished to reply to Mr. Walker's strictures, which wasobjected to by the other counsel for Mr. Herbert. Ex-MayorLenox, who was standing, was overheard byMr. Ratcliffe to observe that that was 'unfair,' or 'unjust.'Mr. Ratcliffe sharply said in reply, 'they wantedno outside interference here,' and in the course ofthe hurried colloquy that ensued, Mr. Lenox called Mr.Ratcliffe a liar. Mr. Ratcliffe immediately dashed atMr. Lenox, but Mr. Bradley quickly interposed andprevented a collision. Such is the version of the affair.Subsequently. Deputy Marshal Phillips made acomplaint before Justice Thompson, who was on thepremises, that he had reason to believe Mr. Ratcliffehad sent, and Mr. Lenox had received, a challenge.Mr. Ratcliffe was forthwith arrested, and held to bailin three thousand dollars not to fight a duel. A warrantwas served on Mr. Lenox, who has failed to appear. WASHINGTON, July 26. ASHINGTON Much indignation and excitement exist among theIrish portion or the population here, at the acquittal ofMr. Herbert, who left Washington early this morning.His two trials cost the Government eighteen hundreddollars. Ex-Mayor Lenox has been arrested and held to bailnot to fight a duel with Mr. Ratcliffe. Several other personal difficulties, growing out ofthe Herbert affair, remain unsettled. GIDDINGS AND EDMUNDSON. The Washington correspondof the New York Post relates the followinganecdote: IDDINGS AND DMUNDSON. New York Post Mr. Edmundson, during the present session, interruptedGiddings in one of his speeches by approaching,and with a meaning air challenging him to 'saythat again!' The Shaksperean report of the sturdyveteran was admirable telling. Shaking his white headwith excitement, stretching forth his arms with indignantdefiance, the brave old giant exclaimed: 'Go, show your slaves how choleric you are,And make your bondmen tremble, but don't come here!' Whereupon, Mr. Edmondsonreturn to his sent. 

 METHODISM AND SLAVERY. The General Associationof Michigan, at its annual meeting, at Jackson, borestrong testimony against slavery, deprecated the assaulton Mr. Sumner, and expressed sympathy with thestruggling freemen in Kansas. The last resolution ofthe series reads— ETHODISM AND LAVERY. That we pledge ourselves to oppose, in every way, inour view consistent with Christian principle and truepatriotism, not only the future aggressions of slavery,but its continued existence in any portion of our land,or the world. ☞Mr. Sumner is now at Cape May, at the cottageof a friend, in the hope that his system will be restoredto vigor by the bracing sea air. It seems that onhis way thither, the popular enthusiasm in his behalfbroke out in certain demonstrations very galling tothe bludgeon and murder party, of which we find aproof in the following article in the Daily Pennsylvanian,Mr. Buchanan's put organ:— Pennsylvanian Who is responsible?—The steamer General McDonald,for Cape May, was extensively decorated withflags, as she would have been upon a national holiday,upon the occasion of Mr. Senator Sumner taking passagein her recently for that watering place. If thatboat is in the abolition interest, the fact should be generallyknown. Some one is responsible for this—who? Who is responsible? QUERY. UERY. THE ISSUE. Thomas Butler King, of Georgia, (amember, as he said, of the late Whig party,) assuredthe Buchanan ratificators in New York that the Southwould be with them throughout the glorious contest.He also added, 'Any man who does not go with theSouth in this contest will be set down as desiring thedissolution of the Union.' This, then, is a war wagedfor the South. Who said 'sectional parties'? HE SSUE. Any man who does not go with theSouth in this contest will be set down as desiring thedissolution of the Union. ANOTHER PRANK OF THE AMERICAN TRACT SOCIETY.—The Rev. W.W. Patton, of Hartford, Conn, addresseda letter to the Rev. Dr. Hallock, Secretary of theTract Society, offering, in behalf of his church, a premiumof $100 for the best tract on Slavery. Dr. H. doctrines,in behalf of the Tract Society, to be the mediumof offering the premium, but advices Mr. Patton'schurch to offer its own premium, and premises that thetract shall receive the careful and candid considerationof the tract publishing committee. Mr. Patton is notsatisfied with this decision, but it is very evident thatthe American Tract Society, as at present constituted,is not likely to withdraw the negative support is givesto slavery by its refusal to number it among the sins atwhich it aims its paper pellets.—Tribune. NOTHER RANK OF THE MERICAN RACT OCIETY. Tribune. A CORPSE DRIVING A SPAN OF HORSES. The Janesville(Wis.) Free Press, of the 19th inst., states that,as Dr. Evans, of Evansville, was returning home fromthat city on Thursday last, he met a span of horsesattached to a wagon loaded with produce, and theowner, William Smith, a corpse, although sitting erectand holding the reins. The doctor stopped the team,and had Mr. Smith immediately carried to a house, butlife was extinct. It seems he had been sick for sometime with dyspepsia, and probably died of disease of theheart. He leaves a family to lament his sudden death. ORPSE RIVING A PAN OF ORSES. Free Press A SINGUALR BURIAL. Mr. George Hails, son of thelate Hon. Levi Haile, Chief Justice of the SupremeCourt of this State, died in Swansey, at the old homestead,last week, and was buried, by his particular request,under the following circumstances. He wishedto be dressed for the grave in his best suit of clothes,and to wear a new pair of gaiter boots that he had recentlypurchased. His pocket-book, which containedseveral dollars, he requested to have placed in thepocket, where he was accustomed to keep it, and thecontents of his vest pocket, even to the insignificanttooth-picker, he asked to have deposited with him inthe grave; a bunch of cigars, to the number of adozen, to be placed by his side. In conformity withhis request, his wish was complied with in every respect.—Providence Transcript. INGUALR URIAL. Providence Transcript. HORRIBLE ACCIDENT BY CAMPHENE. A most deplorablecasualty occurred in one of the negro quarterson the farm of Dr. Anthony G. Boykin, near Smithfield,in Isle of Wight county, on Sunday night last,by which two women and two children were burned todeath, and three children so badly burned, that theyare not expected to recover. This sad catastrophe warcaused by one of the women attempting to pour camphenefrom a jug into a lamp, the wick of which waslighted. The women were exceedingly valuable, andDr. Boykin would have refused $1000 each for themThey were the mothers of the children who sufferedwith them. One was in bed at the time with a newly-borninfant. Mother and babe both fell a sacrifice tothe flames! ORRIBLE CCIDENT BY AMPHENE. ☞The St. Louis Democrat gives the particulars ofa violent tornado which destroyed 185 houses in thetown of Chateaugay, Mo. The scene baffles description;stores, churches, dwellings, barns, out-housesand sheds presented a sad spectacle—they were shatteredand broken up into fragments. It extended from30 to 40 miles, and in its course destroyed more than400 buildings. Democrat SURPRISING MARINE LOSS. Within the last sixmonths, about three hundred and thirty vessels, of allkinds, have either been lost or damaged at sea, and insuredin the New York Marine offices! Of this number,seventy-nine have never been heard from, theirfate being known to Him who rules the universe. Sixteen million dollars have been paid for those losses ofdamages—an amount unprecedented in the commercialhistory of New York. URPRISING ARINE OSS. SHARP SHOT. Senator Jones, of Tennessee, callshimself 'a heaven-descended Whig.' The St. LouisJournal says—'The devil was heaven-descended. Hewas kicked out of that place, and his descent was a tremendousone.' HARP HOT. Journal LONGEVITY. A colored woman named Sarah Longdied in Toronto, C.W., on the 16th ult., aged 120years. She was a native of New Jersey, but had residedin Canada for the last twenty years. In Charleston,S.C., on Sunday, Nelly Scrivens, a free coloredwoman, died at the age of 120 years, having been infull possession of her faculties up to two months beforeher death. ONGEVITY. HOBSON'S CHOICE. Mr. F. Plummer Hobson wasmarried in Richmond, Va., on the 9th ult., to a daughterof Gov. Wise of that State. OBSON'S HOICE. ☞Upwards of thirty steamboats have been destroyedby fire, fifteen demolished by the ice, and twelve rendereduseless by boiler explosions thus far during thepresent year on the Western rivers. Sixteen have beenburned at Algiers, Louisiana, and St. Louis, Missouri. ☞A cargo of 750 negroes was landed at and distributedfrom the bay of Cabanas, ten days since.The landing was effected without discovery, by anAmerican clipper ship, built down east, and fitted outin New York, says a letter in the Journal of Commercefrom Havana, July 10. Journal of Commerce ☞Col. E.J. Young, who laid a wager of $500 thathe could row a boat from Philadelphia to Cape Mayand back within four days, accomplished the distance(200 miles) in 1 hour 45 minutes less than the requiredtime. ☞Samuel Gurney, who died recently and was buriedat the little village of Barking, in Surry, England,was a brother of the late John Joseph Gurney and ofMrs. Elizabeth Fry. That he was like-minded withthem is evident from what is stated as a fact, that forsome time past, he has expended one hundred thousanddollars a year in works of benevolence andmercy. ☞In the 'Life of Wilberforce' is the following entryin his diary:—'Went to hear Mr. Foster. Feltmuch devotion, and wondered at a man who fell asleepduring the psalm. During the sermon, went to sleepmyself.' went to sleepmyself. ☞The Poole murder will, it is estimated, cost NewYork city something like $100,000. The cost of summoningextra jurors, on the attempt to bring on thesecond trial, was $2000. ☞Mr. S. Hooper, driving a team at McKissac'sGrove, Iowa, was attacked by bees, which killed one ofhis horses, and injured him and Mr. Slusher, owner ofthe bees, beyond recovery. ☞The king of the Sandwich Islands has announcedto the house of nobles that he intends to marryEmma, daughter of Dr. T.C.B. Brooks. She will bethe first white queen of Hawaii. ☞Twelve years ago, the number of travellers betweenParis and the Belgian frontier amounted, perhaps,to 360,000 or 400,000 annually. In 1850, theNorthern Railroad conveyed altogether three and a halfmillion of travellers, while in the past year, the numberrose to no less than five and a half millions, whichis equivalent to the sixth part of the whole population. SOUTH CAROLINIANS FOR KANSAS. The steamer Moderator,Captain O'Neal, brought up a company of 26South Carolinians from Paducah to St. Louis. Theycame down the Cumberland, are young men, and, asthe saying goes, are 'all armed to the teeth.'—St.Louis Democrat. OUTH AROLINIANS FOR ANSAS. St.Louis Democrat. MORTALITY OF FOUR CITIES. There were, for thesix months ending on the first ult., 5348 deaths inPhiladelphia, 9463 in New York, 2529 in Baltimore,1803 in Boston. ORTALITY OF OUR ITIES. ☞We are indebted to slavery for a good many newdefinitions. To annex territory to the Union for thepurpose of increasing slavery is to extend the area offreedom; to force slavery at the point of the bayonetupon a people who resist it to the extent of their power,is to carry out the doctrine of popular sovereignty. Toattack an unarmed man, by surprise, with a murderousweapon, is chivalry. To stand by while the assailantbeats his victim after he is down, and to prevent anyone from interfering, is seeing fair play. ☞The New York Sun says that Mr. Buchanan is a'ripe statesmen.' He is a good deal too ripe—so ripeas to be thoroughly rotten.—Washington Organ. Washington Organ. ☞There are 1,000 men employed in building themonster steamer Leviathan, near London. It will costhalf a million of dollars to launch her. 

 At Albany, a petition is being numerously signed,praying Congress to remove the Capital to a more centrallocation on free sell—where the laws will protestmen from the assaults of such Democratic Congressmenas Herbert, RUSX, BROOKS &Co. The Chicago Tribuneshas come out in favor of removing the Capital,There is no reform more needed than this removal. Ithas got to such a pitch that Washington magistratesdiscriminate in favor of Southern Democratic bulliesand murderers. For instance, look at the paltry bailrequired of Brooks, for his brutal assault upon the greatSenator from Massachusetts—look at Herbert, walkingabout Washington, boasting of his murderous deed,under the enormous bail of FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS![Ay! more—look at his acquittal!] USX ROOKS Tribunes Then, again, look at the case of Rusk being dismissedby a Washington Justices, on the ground thatthere was no cause for action. These events are onlyhurrying the time, sooner of later, when the Capitalshall be removed to a more civilized, as well as morecentral position. The Capital must come North of themountains, info a Free State. The laws of Ohio willyield protection to citizens from all actions of the country,when tarrying upon her soil. What says the greatNorth West to the removal of the Capital? What saysdeeply outraged New England?—Cleveland Leader. Cleveland Leader. 

 JULES MAUEL, Esq., the well-known performer, of ChestnutStreet Philadelphia, whose choice products are found at almost says,—  "I am happy to say of your CATHARTIC PILLS, that I have foundthem a better family medicine for common use than any otherwithin my knowledge. Many of my friends have realize markedbenefits from them, and coincide with me in believing that theypossess extraordinary virtues for driving out diseases and curingthe sick. They are not only effectual, but safe and pleasant to betaken—qualities which must make them valued by the publicwhen they are known." ATHARTIC ILLS The venerable Chancellor WARDLAW, writes from Baltimore,15th April, 1854,— "Dr. J.C. AYER. Sir: I have taken your Pills with greatbenefit, for the , languor, loss of appetite, and Biliousheadache, which has of late years overtaken me in the spring.A few doses of your Pills cured me. I have used your CherryPectoral many years in my family for coughs and colds with un- success. You make medicines which cure, and I feel it apleasure to commend you for the good you have done and aredoing." YER.   JOHN F. BRATTY, Esq., Sec. of the Penn. Railroad Co., says, Pa. R.R. Office, Philadelphia, Dec.13, 1853.  Pa. R.R. Office, Philadelphia, Dec. "SIR: I take pleasure in adding my testimony to the efficacyof your medicines, having derived very material benefit from theuse of both your Pectoral and Cathartic Pills. I am never withoutthem in my family, nor shall I ever consent to be, while mymeans will procure them." IR The widely renowned S.S. STEVENS, M.D., of Wentworth,N.H., writes,— "Having used your CATHARTIC PILLS in my practice, I certifyfrom experience, that they are an invaluable purgative. In casesof disordered functions of the liver, causing headache, indigestion,costiveness, and the great variety of diseases that follow,they are a surer remedy than any other. In all cases where apurgative remedy is required. I confidently recommend thesePills to the public, as superior to any other I have ever found.They are sure in their operation, and perfectly safe qualitieswhich make them an invaluable article for public use. I havefor many years known your Cherry Pectoral as the best Coughmedicine in the world, and these Pills are in no wise inferior tothat admirable preparation for the treatment of diseases." ATHARTIC ILLS Cherry Pectoral "Acton, Me., Nov. 25, 1853. Acton, Me., Nov. "Dr. J.C. AYER. Dear Sir: I have been afflicted from my birthwith  in its worst form and now after twenty years' trial,and an untold amount of suffering, have been completely curedin a few weeks by your Pills. With what feelings of rejoicing Iwrite, can only be imagined when you realize what I have sufferedand how long. YER.  "Never until now have I been free from this loathsome diseasein some shape. At times it attacked my eyes, and made me almostblind, besides the unendurable pain; at others it settled inthe scalp of my head and destroyed my hair, and has kept mepartly bald all my days; sometimes it come out in my face, andkept it for months a raw sore. "About nine weeks ago I commenced taking your CatharticPills, and now am entirely free from the complaint. My eyes arewell, my skin is fair, and my hair has commenced a healthygrowth; all of which makes me feel already a new person. "Hoping this statement may be the means of conveying informationthat shall do good to others. I am, with every sentimentof gratitude, Yours, &., MARIA RICKER. "I have known the above-named Maria Kicker from her childhood,and her statement is strictly true. ANDREW J. MESERVE, Overseer of the Portsmouth Manufacturing Co." CAPT. JOEL PRATT, of the ship Marion, writes from Boston,20th April, 1854.— APT. "Your Pills have cured me from a billion attack which arosefrom derangement of the Liver, which had become very serious.I had failed of any relief by my Physician, and from everyremedy I could try; but a few doses of your Pills have completelyrestored me to health. I have given them to my children forworms, with the best effects. They were promptly cured. Irecommended them to a friend for costiveness, which had troubledhim for months; he told me in a few days they had cured him.You make the best medicine in the world, and I am free tosay so." Read this from the distinguished Solicitor of the Supreme Courtwhose brilliant abilities have made him well known, not onlyin this but the neighboring States. "New Orleans, 5th April, 1854. New Orleans April "SIR: I have great satisfaction in assuring you that myselfand family have been very much benefited by your medicines.My wife was cured, two years since, of a severe and dangerouscough, by your CHERRY PECTORAL, and since then has enjoyedperfect health. My children have several times been cured fromattacks of the Influenza and Croup by it. It is an invaluableremedy for these complaints. Your CATHARTIC PILLS have entirelycured me from a dyspepsia and costiveness which havegrown upon me for some years; indeed, this cure a much more important,from the fact that I had failed to get relief from the bestPhysicians which this section of the country affords, and fromany of the numerous remedies I had take. IR HERRY ECTORAL ATHARTIC ILLS "You seem to us, Doctor, like a providential blessing to ourfamily, and you may well suppose we are not unmindful of it. Yours respectfully, LEAVITT THAXTER." "Senate Chamber, Ohio, April 5th, 1854. Senate Chamber, Ohio, April "Dr. J.C. AYER. Honored Sir: I have means a thorough trialof the CATHARTIC PILLS left me by your agent and have beencured by them of the dreadful Rheumatism under which hefound me suffering. The first dose relieved me, and a few subsoquentdoses have entirely removed the disease. I feel in betterhealth now than for some years before, which I attribute entirelyto the effects by your CATHARTIC PILLS. YER. ATHARTIC ILLS ATHARTIC ILLS. Yours with great respect, LUCIUS B. METCALF.' The above are all from persons who are publicly known wherethey reside, and who would not make these statements withoutthorough conviction that they were true. Unprincipled dealers may attempt to put you off with otherpills, on which they make more profit. Be not imposed upon byany such counsellors. Practical and Analytical Chemist, Lowell, Mass. Sold by THEODORE METCALF &CO., BREWER, STEVENS &CUSHING, Boston, BROWN &PRICE, Salem; Salem H.H. HAY, Portland; Portland J.N. MORTON &CO., Concord, N.H., Concord, N.H. And by all Druggists and Dealers in Medicine everywhere.   

 NERVOUS DEBILITY, PALPITATIONChronic, Liver and Kidney Diseases,MERCURIAL ULCERS,Rheumatism, Pulmonary AffectionSPITTING BLOOD,SLUGGISH CIRCULATION,PIMPLES AND ERUPTIONS ON THE FACE,—AND—HUMORS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.A Complete Purifier of the BloodPREPARED BYFRANKLIN PUTNAM,456 WASHINGTON ST., 'Liberty Tree Block,' BOSTON. Liberty Tree Block BOSTON. M16 3m 

 MADAME CARTEAUX having, by a long courseof study and practical investigation, made herself acquainted with the various disease incidental tothe Hair and Scalp, would now inform the public ofBoston and vicinity, that the trusts she is preparedgive entire satisfaction to all who may favor her withtheir patronage, and warrant a cure in nine cases outof ten. Having recently removed from 284 to 365 Washingtonstreet, where she has a superior suit of rooms, shenow advertises a separate room for Hair Dying, also animprovement in that branch, and Champaign. separate room Madame C. keeps constantly on hand, her celebratedHair Restorative and Oils, which will not only preventthe hair from falling off, but cause new hair to grow,They are held in the highest estimation by all who haveused them. Madame C. reference are from the first people in thisand neighboring cities, by whom she has been liberalpatronized since the offer of her services to the public. April 4 tf 

 To which is added a brief survey of the Condition ofProspects of colored Americans. To which is added a brief survey of the Condition ofProspects of colored Americans. BY WM.C. NELL. Y WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY H.B. STOWE. Just published, and for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office,21 Cornhill Price, $1.25. 

 Counsellor at Law—Land and Collecting Agency Counsellor at Law—Land and Collecting Agency EARLVILLE, Lasalle County, Illinois. ARLVILLE REFERS TO Cornelius Bramhall, 186 Fulton st., O.R. Potter &Co., 169 Broadway, cor. Courtland st., Rushmore, Cone &Co., 12 and 14 Warren st., New York. New York. Hunt &Lane, Congress street, Abuer Curtis, Pearl street, Boston. Boston. N.B. Particular attention paid to collecting forEastern Merchants, looking up titles to Lands, payingTaxes, buying and selling Lands, &. &. Earlville, Ill., July 2 3m 

