 ☞A remarkably intelligent, discriminating andluminous criticism upon the distinction existing between'Anti-Slavery' alias Republicanism and 'Abolition,'from the Honesdale (Pa.) Democrat, may befound on our first page. 'A Daniel come to judgement;yes, a Daniel!' No doubt that leviatha canbe drawn out with such a hook! We shall see. 

 Henry C. Wright convicted of being a Water-CureDoctor, an Abolition Lecturer, a writer of postulantBooks, and guilty of shocking heresies and blasphemies. Henry C. Wright convicted of being a Water-CureDoctor, an Abolition Lecturer, a writer of postulantBooks, and guilty of shocking heresies and blasphemies. BUFFALO, April 20,1857. UFFALO DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON I lectured in the city twice yesterday. The CommercialAdvertiser of to-day, the loading Fillmorepaper of this State, gives a report of my lectures, andits own comments on them. It is a firm supporterof the Fugitive Slave Law, of Brigham Young asGovernor of Utah, and advises peaceful submission tothe Dred Scott decision. Read the following, and seewhat blasphemy, sacrilege and immorality are, in theview of that paper. The same has been denouncedas blasphemy, by priests and politicians, and by churchand state, the past twenty-five years. I give you thereport substantially as made by the editor. CommercialAdvertiser The morning address commenced by laying downthis as an eternal truth—that institutions are formen, and not men for institution, and that man isnever to be enslaved or killed to save an institution;that man, alone, was sacred, and should never be sacrificedto the perpetuity of an institution. As an instance,he [the lecturer] mentioned the institution ofslavery, and the Union of these States as its chief support.If, said he, the Union cannot exist without slavery,then down with it, in the name of God and humanity!I wish all would shout 'Glory' to such asentiment. The speaker continued: 'I have no morereverence for the Constitution and Union than for thispiece of blank paper. I have no more reverence forthe Bible then for any other book. I reverence manonly.' [Constitution, Unions, and Bibles are for man,not man for them; and they have no value, except asthey administer to man's welfare.] Turning then to religious institutions, he spoke ofJudaism, Mohammedanism, and Hindooism, as markedby human bloodshed and the butchery of millionsthroughout their history. As to Christianity, howmany millions, for 2000 years, have been butcheredand enslaved to sustain its institutions? Whereverthe Bible has gone, millions have been imprisoned,tortured, enslaved and slaughtered, to sustain its doctrines,and vindicate its authority. [In one century,over 100,000 poor, old and friendless men and womenwere murdered, and twenty were hung and pressedto death in Salem, because the Bible said, 'Suffer nota witch to live.' They were murdered to sustain thesanctity and authority of a book. Four millions aredeprived of all the endearments and saving influencesof marriage and parentage, and of home, and consignedto concubinage and prostitution, ignorance andheathenism, are turned into beasts and chattels, solelyto sustain the sanctity and authority of the Bible, andof the Union and Constitution. The man is sacrificedto the incidents—the body to the coat—the headto the has—the substance to the shadow!] Man!man! vindicate the sanctity and dignity of your ownnature, and cease this eternal talk about holy books! The Sabbath was next considered. He (Mr. Wright)said his ears had often beam boxed, when a child,for whistling on Sunday. Even when it whistled itself,if it was Sunday, my ears bad to receive the penalty.My ears were desecrated and raged to vindicatethe sanctity of the Sabbath. [Even as a child,I thought my earn were as holy as the Sabbath, andI could not understand how my father could desecrateand outrage his child's ears to sustain the sanctity ofa day.]  People build houses, dedicate them to God, callthem God's houses, then call them red and holyhouses, and require us to respect them. I have noreverence for houses; I have as much reverence forthe stables in which you keep your horses, as far thosehouses of God. [I reverence the men, women andchildren that are in them, and for whom they arebuild, not the houses. These who give millions tobuild houses for God, would not give a cent to builda house for a poor, houseless, homeless fugitive slave.Around the foundations of those holy houses, consecratedto God, are thousands of God's children, withouta house without a home, without food and clothing,and literally perishing of went, and those whomost reverence Bibles, Constitutions, Sabbaths, andholy temples, are so lous to vindicate the sanctityof a book, a Union, a day, and a house, will not helpthem. They care not for them. They pass them by,and go on their way to pay their hoage to holydays, holy houses, holy books, and holly Unions!]I wish to destroy all reprence for institutions, as such;For Bibles, for governments, for constitutions andUnions, for churches and priesthoods; and  menand women to reverence themselves and one another.Only consecrate your selves to all that is pure, justAnd good, and step this talk of holy books holyUnions holy churches, holy days, and holy places. red  holy     He then said that he was once at a Water-cure establishment.A priest  him if he would  aman if the Bible required it. He said, I would not.What would you do? asked the priest. Hang theBible, and let the man live, said I. The priest thenasked—would you hang or enclave a man or womanif God commanded it? I would not, said I. Whatwould you do? asked the priest. Hang or sell allsuch gods, and let the man live or go free. I wouldnot kill or enslave a man or woman because what mencall God required it; for all such gods, that requireus to hang or enslave one another for their glory, arebut phantoms or fends! I would say—'Get th behindme, Satan—then art an offence unto me'.   such   The Catechism asks, 'What is the chief end ofMan?' and answers, 'To glorify God,, and enjoy himforever.' I would answer—To exalt, to glorify andperfect his own nature, and to enjoy that perfectednature to all eternity. In thus glorifying and enjoyinghis own ennobled and perfected nature, man mosttruly glorifies and enjoys the true God. Any godthat can be glorified by slavery or war, and the degradationand ruin of man, is a end, and to be spokenof, despaired and defied as such.  Mr. Wright made a blasphemous comparison betweenW. Lloyd Garrison and the Deity, on thiswise: Mr. Garrison has a young daughter. Supposehe were worth millions. He consigns his daughter tome, to be trained to purity and heaven, and makesover his wealth to me to be used for her elevation andhappiness. I think the chief end of my being is toglorify the father. So, to honor the father, I build asplendid temple, with gorgeous decorations, and a towerreaching to heaven. I call the priests together, andconsecrate it to the father, and to the worship of thefather. I then write a book in honor of the father,recounting and lauding his exploits and his power, andvindicating his superiority over all other fathers. Icall it THE HOLY SCRIPTCRS—THE HOLY BOOK. Ithen write hymns in honor of the father, and train aset of men and women to sing those hymns on Sunday,a day which I consecrate to the worship of thefather. I then hire a men to preach up and extol theglory of the father, and to pray to him, and tell himwhat a great and glorious and mighty being he is.Thus I originate and carry on a great system to worshipand glorify the father.  HE OLY CRIPTCRS HE OLY OOK. In due time the father returns, come straight tome, and asks—'Where is my daughter?' come withme, I say, and see what I have done for your glory.I take him to the temple I have built to his glory—show him its pulpit, pews, steeple, bell, and all the ornaments.He looks at them all with indifference, andturns to me and asks—Where is my daughter? Come,I Say, and see what a gorgeous system of worship Ihave established to promote your glory among men?I take him to that temple on Sunday. He listens tothe singers and the preacher, as they sing and shouthis praises in hyme, and smon, and prayers.Hark to all this ringing and shouting of your praises—I say to him—see all this bright array of beautyand elegance—consider all these sacred rites and ceremonies.They are all for your glory. Have I notmade it the chief end of ay being to glorify you, thefather? With a cold and stern indifference he turnsfrom it all, and says—where is my daughter? I wantmy daughter.   What shall I say? I must tell him—'Your daughteris a slave, toiling as a beast on the plartions ofthe South—or in some slaveholder's harem—a victimto his brutal lusts—or exposed to the licentious gazeof slave-traders on the auction-block with cattle—ora poor, hunted fugitive slave—or a victim of prostitutionat the Five Points. I thought my great businesswas to glorify the father, and to consecrate him, andnot to glorify and consecrate the daughter.' The fathersays—'Inasmuch a ye did it not to this my daughter,ye did it not to me. Depart, accursed, ye deludedand faithless servant! Your temples, your singing,your preaching and praying, and your worship, arean abomination unto me—my soul loathes them. Giveme back my daughter.' Such is the God-worship ofChristendom. In proportion as it honors and glorifieswhat it calls God, it neglects, despises and outragesmen and women. lave  [Soon was the 'Blasphemous comparison' betweenWm. Lloyd Garrison and the Deity. This nation, inChurch and State, worships and glorifies its god byenslaving, murdering, and imbruting men, women andchildren.] its In the afternoon, the subject was, 'The Mission ofMan to Woman, and of Woman to Man.' He beganby expressing his want of faith in all governmentsand churches, a means of elevating and perfectingthe human type. They had been useful, perhaps,but they were but mere transient incidents of humanity,and, a such, must all sooner a later be destroyed.He looked to the family circle alone a the meansof elevating humanity, and to the harmonious relationsbetween men and women. The seekers after truth,and the friends of humanity, of non-resistance, of anti-slavery,of woman's rights, of teetotalism, and thosewho seek the abolition of war, of licensed and unlicensedprostitution, of polygamy, by whatever namecalled—were driven from houses dedicated to God, tomeet in halls and town-houses dedicated to Humanity.Those houses of God were devoted to the worshipof systems, of institutions, of Bibles, Constitutions,Unions, of times and places. Human beingswould ere long Hock to the places where Humanityfound sympathy and protection. Town-home Humanitywould dethrone the meetings-houses, slave-holdingand war-making gods!! licensed unlicensed  The bulk of the discourse was on the relations ofThe sexes. He spoke of the relations of men and women,as friends, and a husbands and wives. He saidthat marriage was a deep, concentrated, exclusives lovebetween one man and one woman—that nature abhorredpolygamy, by whatever name called, or by whomsoeversanctioned, and that only in marriage, based onan exclusive love relation, could men and women becomeparents without sin. He said that most peopleregarded marriage a the means of mere sensual indulgence,and that men viewed women, often, fromthe stand-point of mere sensualism, both in and out oflegal marriage, [and that the greatest crime a mancould perpetrate against woman and her child was toinflict on her maternity when her own nature not onlydid not call for it, but repelled it with horror and disgust.What must the child be, born of such a maternity?It fights its way into life against the spiritof murder in the heart of its mother. It is no wonderthe world is fun of violence and blood, when it is consideredunder what suspices children are oftenbrought into being. If any man ought to be hung,be ought to be hung who urges upon woman the officeof maternity when her own soul and body shrink fromthe suffering and the responsibility.] exclusives  The speaker proceeded to the defense of free loveand marriage, in their true sense. He repudiated freelove as defined by the Church and clergy, and aspracticed by Abraham, Jacob, David and Solomon,—i.e., as meaning free passion, free sensualism, or livingwith two a more women a wives. He called legalmarriage sensualism and prostitution, unless it was amarriage of two souls, as well as of two bodies.He advocated the isolated home and family, formedon the basis of spontaneous, exclusive love betweenone men and one woman. In these natural relationsbetween man and woman—as husbands and wives,fathers and daughters, mothers and sons, brothers andsisters, and as friends, are men and woman to findtheir only true, pure, and noble development—theironly true eternal rest. Man to find his true growth,his true life, his salvation, in the love, sympathy andherois devotion to pure and true-hearted woman;women to find hers in the meanly love and sympathyof pure and noble man. [Man will worship God, asmanifested in the holy woman in the relation of wifemother, sister and friend; and woman will worshipGod, as manifested in the holy ma, in the true, harmoniousrelation of husband, father, brother, friend—and not in holy constitutions and Bibles, nor seen inholy Sabbaths churches, and priesthoods.] In closing, he said to-day is Sunday. All Christiansin its churches, has been pointing to themartyr-hare of calvary—the gentle Jesus—as the wayof salvation. Long ago, I ceased to do that. Jesuswas true to his light, and taught the world aself-forgetting love, of forgiveness, of entire conseerstionto the elevation and happiness of down-troddenhumanity—which his professed followers have been,and are, generally, the very last to attempt to follow.But Jesus, pure, loving and true though he was, hasfar less to do with our organization, development,character and destiny, than those who are related tous in the endearments and intimacies of husbandsand wives, parents and children, brothers and sisters.These relations are ever with us, and their influence isover present and over potent. God designed woman to be man's natural and over present saviour; andman, womens's I would therefore point the world tothis salvation that comes to man through his trueand harmonious relations to women, and to womanthrough her true and natural relations to man. Such is the report in substance, and mostly inWords, given of my lectures in the pro-slavery paper. the various functions of a preacher, a water-cure ,an abolition and Ferment lecturer, a writer of pestilantbooks on marriage relations, and apostle of thedoctrine of non-resistance, and finally, turned upthat sink of all isms, a "Spiritualist Conventicler"—(the American Hall, I which I lectured, is occupied by spiritualists, and they invited me to lecture, andwished me to speak with perfect freedom all I had tosay to them,)—the Editor then goes on to give hisown opinion of my words and contiments as he notedand printed them, and as I have transcribed them insubstance and for the most part literally, in theabove. I have only added, by way of explanation,what the Editor himself, and all present will admitI said in connation with what he has put into mymonth.  Ferment lecturer isms He calls the above words and sentiments 'blasphemies,' 'cunning sophistries,' 'shocking heresies,''sacrilegious,' 'foul ideas to which young girls listenedWithout a blush,' 'the destruction of all governmentsand religion,' 'ignoring the Bible, and scoffing atChristianity,' 'the overthrow of the marriage relation,''a setting up of a disguised sensualism,' 'the natural result of a strange mixture of fanaticism and credulity'.This pious, pro-slavery editor is greatly shockedthat 'the audience o far as he could judge, was satisfiedwith and relished these blasphemies, which,' ashe says, 'we have reluctantly placed on record.'If Idid not earn and deserve these epithets, from everypro-slavery editor, priest and politician, I should deem myself derelict to God and Humanity. we have reluctantly placed on record. Mark! Such are the sentiments, as I have said, thathave been denounced for twenty-five years, by thepro-slavery pre and pulpit, and platform of this nation.I had rather be an anti-war, anti-slavery,and just and humane Infidel, Atheist, and blasphemer,than a pro-war, pro-slavery, unjust and inhumanbeliever in a war-making, slave-holding God and religion.Better no God at all (were is possible) than a God that sanctions slavery and war. I had rathergo to an Anti-Slavery, Peace-loving Hell, than to goto a slave-holding, war-making Heaven. This advocate and apologist of the Fugitive SlaveLaw, and of slavery where it is, is greatly shocked (and justly so) at Free Love, as he and the priests andchurches understand it; i.e., as polygamy or prostitution,under another name. They are shocked, and justly so, that a man should live as a husband withtwo or more women. But the apologists of slavery,in Church and State, show extraordinary impudencewhen they affect to be shocked at Free Love, thus understood!They themselves are the very men whohold every sixth woman in the nation—over two millions—that their Southern allies in the Union maysubject their persons to outrage. Was Abraham a Free-Lovite—as they understandit? He had his own sister for a wife, and several concubines, and had children by them all. Was JacobFreo-Lovite? He had two sisters as wives, and concubines besides. Were David and Solemon Free-Lovites? One of them had seven hundred wives andthree hundred concubines, and the other several—allgiven them to gratify their sensualism. Yet theseaffected enemies of Free-Love or Free-Sensualismtell us Abraham was a man of God, David, a manof God's own heart, and Solomon, the wisest man thatever lived. These are the men who are held up tothe children of this age by those who affect to be soshocked at Free-Love, as they understand it, and asDavid and Solomon practiced it, as model men andSaints! The impudence of such man is chronic. But,believers in the divinity of polygamy are not the menand women to teach the world lessons of moralpurity. Yours fraternally,HENRY C. WRIGHT. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per ,, in advance.   ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TEN, if payment be made in advance.  ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements making less than one square invertedthree times for 75 cents—one square for $1 00. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societyare authorized to receive subscriptions for TTHELIBERATOR. THE IBERATOR. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of the of the paper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLISGRAY LORING, EDMUND QULNCY, SAMUEL, PHILBRICK,and WENDELL, PHILLIPS.  RANCIS ACKSON LLIS RAY ORING DMUND ULNCY AMUEL HILBRICK ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 ☞A special ovation was publicly given on Thursdayof last week—ostensibly without distinction ofparty—by the citizens of Newburyport, to that line in the councils of the nation, and most unprincipledof aspiring self-seekers, 'Hon.' Calab Cushing,late Attorney General of the United States, on his return fromWashington. See what a reliable 'looker-on'says of it, in another column.  

 The United States Constitution is ' with   ☞'The free States are the guardians and supports of slavery. We are the jailors and constablesof the institution. There is some excusefor communities, when, under a generous impulse,they pose the cause of the oppressed in other States,and by force restore their rights; but they are without in aiding other State in  on . On this subject, OUR FATHERS, INFRAMING THE CONSTITUTION, WVED FROM THERNT. We their children, at the end of half a century,see the path of duty more clearly than they,and must walk in it. To this point the public mindhas long been tending, and the time has come for lookingat it fully, dispionality, and with manly andChristian resolution. . . No blessing of the Unioncan be a compensation for taking part in the enslavingof our fellow-creatures; nor ought this bond to beperpetuated, if experience shall demonstrate that itcan only continue through our participation in wrongdoing. To this conviction the free States are tending.'—WILLIAM ELLERY CHANNING.   they are without in aiding other State in  on .     ONSTITUTION    must walk in it.  ILLIAM LLERY HANNING. 

 FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON You have seen by the papers of the day an accountof the grand reception, tremendous excitement, andthe universal turn-out of our citizens on the return ofCaleb Cushing to our city. I was an eye-witness tosome of the proceedings, and can come to no otherconclusion than this, that the authors, reporters, editorsor whoever got up this excitement on paper,were paid to lie about this affair. This community hasbeen perfectly indifferent in this matter of the receptionfrom the first. The custom-house officials, thepostmaster, and a few personal friends tried hard toget the public interested in this affair; but it was nogo; they could not galvanize into active life the indifferenceof the people; and if the editor of theHorald had not come to the'r assistance, the wholething would scarcely have been remembered by thepeople. He is a good-hearted jolly fellow—ispleased to see the people happy, and is famous forusing every opportunity to get them out to look ateach other. When it was found that there was nointerested in the community on this subject, he urgedthe people to come out, as Gilmore's celebrated bandwas to be here, and if they wanted to be refreshedwith heavenly music, to come out to the reception.Why, my dear sir, the music in the New Jerusalemwas not to be compared to the melodious strains thatmight be expected from the drums and trumpets ofthis celebrated band, (and it was fine.) A great effortwas made to get up a grand show of marshals,and every man who was an owner of a horse was announcedas a marshal of the day. Among the numberwere some of our most radical abolitionists, whosenames were brought before the public without theirknowledge or consent, the only qualification being, hened a horse! The chief marshal of the day is avery public spirited gentleman, who is ever ready forevery pubic word and work, very conspicuous for hispiety, ever ready to talk to our superintendent of SabbathSchools, and to take the lead in a prayer-meetingfor the conversion of the heathen; and no man can inbetter shape warn sinners to flee from the wrath tocome, and to act as chief marshal on the Fourth ofJuly, or on any other high day. No man in thisSection of country can do these things so gracefullyand easily as he can. As I looked at him on his noblesteed, with the broad sash over his shoulder, andthe beautiful saddle-cloth glittering in the sun, andthe prancing of his mettlesome animal, I was remindedof a remark which I heard a good brother make in aprayer-meeting, a few years since. One of the brethredread a chapter in Revelation, describing the armyon white horses at the marriage supper of the Lamb.When he had finished reading and taken his seat, ahouse jockey, who had been recently converted, jumpedup, and, clapping his hands, said, 'Glory to God!Brethren and sisters, I love to ride white horses.' Ithought our chief marshal felt about as well thatday on his horse as this brother did in anticipation ofhis heavenly trot. In the escort were the CushingGuard, (about fifty guns,) and the veteran ArtilleryAssociation, (eighty swords.) Among them were veteranmilitary men, and a number of veterans of thecross, men who stand high in the Church, and areever ready to 'fight to win the day'; Mr. Cushing,in a carriage with two or three gentlemen, six carriagescontaining four each, the cavalcade of marshals, andnot one man, woman or chill was there besides. Men,women and children were on the sidewalk, followingon to hear the music; no hearty cheers, no hearty'God-bless-you' from the people. He was escortedto his house, and the trainers and troopers all marchedoff to their homes. In the evening, there was a grandlevee at City Hall. A goodly number was present.Among the crowd were some of our eminent divines;but I am told they did not join in the dance, and werenoted for devoted piety, which is somewhat remarkable,as it is laid down in Scripture that 'there is a timeto dance,' as well as a time to refrain from dancing. Horald thing  white horses.' they did not join in the dance, The parade is over, Gilmore's Band has gone home,and all is quiet. The good cause is progressing here,and the time will come when 'Liberty for all, and NoUnion with Slaveholders,' will be the battle-cry of allthe friends of liberty in our land, Yours, truly, A LOOKER-ON. Newburyport, April 20, 1857. 

 From the Honesdale Democrat. ABOLITION AND ANTI-SLAVERY. Wendell Phillips, in a speech delivered on the15th inst, at the Disunion Convention held in Worcester,Mass., said that 'the dissolution of the Unionis primarily an anti-slavery measure.' We do notknow whether Mr. Phillip intended to use thename 'anti-slavery,' and whether he did or notmakes no particular difference with the articlewhich we are about to write, for it is the broad as which we wish to deny, and the differencebetween an Abolitionist and an Anti-slaveryitewhich we wish to explain. And the more so fromthe fact that the same assertion in substance wasmade many hundred times by the Buchanier oratorslast fall, in their stump speeches throughout thecountry.  Now, we contend that Disunion is primarily ameasure of the Abolition party, and not of the Anti-Slavery.We also contend that the Abolition andthe Anti-slavery are two separate and distinct parties—that the difference between the two are vast,and that this very measure of Disunion builds upa constitutes one of the greatest of those differenceThere are thousands, yes, millions of freemenat the North who are in favor of staying the devastatingtide of slavery, but not by the dissolution ofthe Union of these States, and who are in favor ofthe abolishment of that infernal institution, but notby a fratricidal war. And of such are the Anti-Slaveryslavery party composed. On the other hand, wehave among us those who seek without hesitation toaccomplish those ends by these means—those whosezeal having outrun their better judgments, deemthat these are only means whereby the greatobject can be accomplished, and who blindly thinkthat all others are and will be futile. Of this latterclass are the Abolition party; both have the samegreat object and end in view—the staying and ultimateabolishment of slavery—but differ totally as tothe means of accomplishment. In other words,they are identical in principle, but widely sunderedin policy. The motto of the Anti-slavery party is,'Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and inseparable,'while, on the contrary, the motto of theAbolition party is, 'Liberty first, and Union afterwards.' The Abolitionist, spell-bound by his wild fanaticism,stands, and in imagination gases down throughthe vista of time 'on the broken and dismemberedfragments of a once-glorious Union; on States dissevered,discordant, belligerent; on a land rent withcivil-feuds, or drenched with fraternal blood.' Theanti-slaveryite, well-taught in the school of patrioticwisdom, in thus gazing would 'rather beholdthe gorgeous ensign of the republic, now known andhonored throughout the earth, still full high advanced,its arms and trophies streaming in theiroriginal lustre, not a stripe erased or polluted, nora single star obscured, as they float over the sea andover the land, and in every wind under the wholeheavens.' An Abolitionist is an over-grown Anti-slaveryite.He is nature run to rankness—a tree untrimmed.'Anti-slaveyite is nature's healthy growth—thetree trimmed and beautified by the hand of patrioticwisdom. Apropos to the above, we would further remarkthat our country is beset by two dangerous politicalparties—the extremes occupying mainly its geographicalextremities—the Abolition of the far Northand the Fire-eating of the far South. But betweenthose two, exist two other and the great conservationparties, the Anti-slavery of the North and theEmancipation of the South, who, by their moremoderate policy, serve to withstand the severe actionof the extremes, and thus preserve the balance of thecountry. By slow and sure degrees, through mutualconcessions of preconceived opinions, they aregraduating to a common understanding of principleand policy. When that shall be consummated, thefree institutions of the land will be placed on thatare foundation—the rock of eternal justice, andthe others abandoned to the shifting sands of destruction. 

 LOWELL, April 20, 1857. OWELL MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON DEAR SIR— As the advice of Gov. Gardner to theMassachusetts clergy, with regard to their preachingon Fast Day, was so largely commented on by thepress and discussed by the people, it may not be uninterestingto you to know how it was regarded bythe Orthodox clergyman of this place. EAR IR It was arranged for the fire Churches and Societiesto assemble in the forenoon at half-past 10 o'clock, tohear a sermon from the Rev. Amos Blanchard, at hischurch on Kirk street, and in the afternoon at Rev.E.B. Foster's for a prayer meeting. I have beenunable to learn the subject of the discourse, not eventhe text, though it is said he took two or three, andpreached an hour and a quarter; but it was characterizedby some one in the next day's Citizen andNews, under the head of 'Smoothness'; and youknow he is one of those who preached three or foursermons in defense of the Fugitive Slave Law, or,rather, enforcing obedience to it. Citizen andNews, 'Smoothness'; At such a time as this, I desist from any commentsupon such base subserviency on the part of those who'have sworn solemnly in the face of God and man todeal sincerely with souls; for, as the poet says, sincerely 'I should strive in vain to set his evil forth;The words that should sufficiently accurseAnd execrate such' faithlessness 'had needCome glowing from the lips of eldest hell.'    Yours, &., S. CLAY. P.S. It seems to me that this extraordinary dodgingwas the more inexcusable, as each of these churcheswas, on the previous; Sabbath, favored with the assistanceof two or three Methodist clergymen, whowere attending their Annual Conference convened inthe city. S.C. 

 From the Richmond South, April 11th. From the peculiarity of its situation, two of itssides being coterminous with free States, it is naturalthat Missouri should be selected as the theatre ofthe first experiment of anti-slavery agitation in theSouth. Accordingly, for several years past, an anti-slaveryparty has exhibited itself in the politicalcontests in Missouri, now in one shape and now inanother, first with this name and afterward withsome more significant watchword. Emboldened by an abolition demonstration on thewestern flank of the State and the co-operation ofallies in the territory of Kansas, the emancipationistsin Missouri, as they now call themselves, havethrown away the mark, renounced their timid andinactive policy, and defiantly challenged the slave-holdersto the defense of their property. They beganoffensive operations during the recent session ofthe legislature; but the prompt and bold resistanceoffered by the Southern party, at the suggestion ofMr. Carr, a native of Virginia, disconcerted theirplans and defeated their movement. From the adverse vote of the legislature, the anti-slaveryparty in Missouri have taken an appeal to thepeople. In the recent municipal election in St.Louis, emancipation was the issue which determinedbe extent, and the result is the success of the antifree soil party by a plurality vote of fifteen hundred! Now, some stupid individual will say, 'all thismeans nothing. It is a joke, a hoax,' this abolitiontriumph in the capital of a first-class slave State.There may be certain people in the South to whomso significant an event is a matter of no interest orconcern—an arousing little incident over which theyan enjoy a quiet chuckle. It is not so regardedamong the abolitionists of the North. Equal importance will be attached to this anti-alveryslavery triumph by all reflecting men in the Sooth.They are how it will strengthen the hands of thefree soil party in Kansas; and what a prodigiousimpulse it will impart to the aggressive movementsof the abolitionists in the North. It is a victorywithout parallel for them—it is a deplorable defeatfor us. Heretofore abolitionism has been content torestrict the expansion of slavery, and the South hashad to lament only some negative repulse. This isthe first instance in which abolitionism has achievedan incontestible triumph on a distinct issue in theheart of a Southern State. This is the first time slaveryhas been routed in one of its own strongholds. Thinkyou so extraordinary an event will be without consequence?Is it nothing for the abolitionists todiscover that they can invade the soil of a SouthernState with impunity, and may even reckon upon thesuccess of Southern people? Is it nothing for BlackRepublicanism to plant its banner on one of ourown citadels? Is it nothing for slavery to lose thespell of invincibility, and the South to be beardedand ballied on Southern soil? Is there no significancein this indication of an ebbing tide—this firstbackward step in the march of Southern power?Will the example provoke no mote audacious aggression,and invite no imitation? Here and there one may find a dull, indifferent; orinterested observer, who will answer all these inquiriesin a spirit of unrolled satisfaction—who willaffirm that the defeat of Fremont settled the slaverycontroversy, quieted agitation, and rescued the Southfrom the danger of future attack! Is that the replyof sensible and honest men—quick to discern andprompt to repel the approach of the enemy? 

 AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION. To-day thepeople the Commonwealth are to vote on threeprepositions to amend the Constitution—first, to prohibitany person who cannot read the Constitution inthe English language, and write his name, from votingor holding office, except those prevented by a physicaldisability, those who now have the right to vote, andthose sixty years of age; second, to reduce the numberof members of the House of Representatives, andprovide for the choice thereof in Representative districts;third, to provide for the choice of Senators inforty equal Senatorial districts. MENDMENTS ONSTITUTION. We do not believe that the proposed amendmentrespecting the reading and writing qualifications ofvoters will be accepted by the people. 

 We would call attention to the following, from theSumter Watchman of March 25th. Our readers willdoubtless remember having read of the appearanceof 'Mrs. EMERSON, the strong-minded woman,'in various localities in our State, delivering lectures,and conducting herself in a manner entirely unbecomingone of the gentler sex. We suspected fromthe beginning, when we first saw her name announced,that time would reveal one of two things,or both, viz.: that she was either some poor crazyfanatic of a woman, who had escaped from the guardianshipof her friends, or, an emissary of the Abolitionists.We inclined to the last-named opinion,and the developments and discoveries made by ourfriends in Sumter confirm its correctness. Her masculinedeportment affords just ground for suspectingthat Mrs. EMERSON is not all, but a great deal morethan she appears to be. If she will only pay us avisit in Columbia, we promise she shall be treatedwith all the honors due to her real sex and designs;and we trust that this 'strong-minded woman' maynot take her final departure from our State beforethis is done. Watchman MERSON herself gentler she Mrs. MERSON she she all the honors From the Sumter Watchman. TO THE INTENDANT AND COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OFSUMTER.  GENTLEMEN:—As Secretary of a Committee, forinvestigating the character and designs of a certainMrs. Emerson, who lectured in this place Wednesdayevening last, and was regarded with suspicion,by some of our most worthy and respectable citizens,having bean appointed to make a report of theproceedings of said Committee to your body, so that you might act in regard to the saidMrs. Emerson as should seem proper to you underthe circumstances, I beg leave most respectfully toact in accordance with my instructions. ENTLEMEN  The Committee, as soon as the lecture, or rathertirade of abuse against Southern ladies had been concluded,and the after performance of examiningheads commenced, informed Mrs. Emerson of theinjurious reports in circulation concerning her, anddemanded, as an act of justice, both to herself (ifinnocent) and our quiet community, that she shouldstate and prove her reasons for coming among us,and acting in such an anomalous manner. Theysaid, that in the opinion of many respectable citizens,there were good grounds for suspicion in hercase. She came from a portion of the Union, hostileto our section and institutions—openly advocateddoctrines totally repugnant to the Southernmind and feelings, and her unwomanly mode ofacting, worthy of the most abandoned of her sex,showed herself no unfit instrument for the accomplishmentof the nefarious scheme or mission entrustedto her. Moreover, she came in a strangemanner, no one with her, by private conveyance,carrying with her a lantern and side-saddle. In conclusionthe Committee, in a respectful manner,asked that she would allow them to search her baggage,remarking that if she were really guilty, thecommunity ought to know it; but if, on the otherhand, she were innocent, it was important that barinnocence should be made apparent. tirade of abuse against Southern ladies lantern and side-saddle. Upon her hesitating, and urging the great amountof trouble she would be exposed to, in overhaulingall of her baggage, the Committee offered to recompenseher for the inconvenience she was put to,provided, upon a thorough search, the suspicions andcharges alleged against her should appear entirelywithout foundation. provided, thorough Finding there was no way in which she couldavoid an investigation, she at length consented to asearch. Accordingly the Committee followed herto her hotel, where, upon an examination of hereffects, they found matter which fully corroboratedtheir worst suspicions. Upon inspection of bar papers,they came to the conclusion that she was aphilanthropist of the Madame Beecher Stowe order;and that her mission among us, if for no worse purpose,was to collect material for a work similar toUncle Tom's Cabin. A list of correspondents was discovered, whichembraced residents of almost every State north ofMason &Dixon's Line—most of them, indeed, appearedto live in Ohio—the very hot-bed of abolitionism,and she, herself, was proved to be fromCincinnati, after having said in the early part of theevening that she was from Virginia!!! Among extracts cut from various papers and foundin her possession, were accounts of negroes beingburned—insurrections—effects of negro preaching—advertisements of an individual wishing to purchasea likely young negro woman, &. One of the Committeecertified that he saw her extract a letter froman envelope and secrete it. She bitterly deniedthe truth of this assertion, but at any rate, theenvelope was found empty, addressed to some one inMassachusetts. The Committee (wet and wearied, having beencaught in a shower, while going from the lectureroom to the hotel) convinced of her guilt from thepartial examination they had made, did not think itnecessary to go through all bar baggage. Before the Committee was discharged, a motionwas made to sell her conveyance and other thingsbelonging to her—give her the proceeds, and sendher and her remaining effects back to the North, bypublic conveyance, as speedily as possible; but themore moderate counsels prevailed, and it was resolvedto report the proceedings and discoveries ofthe Committee to the town council, which, afterdue deliberation, might act as seemed most becoming,and also, that there should be a publication ofthe transaction in the Sumter Watchman, so thatthe people of the district, State and country at large,might be put upon their guard. Sumter Watchman, The Committee beg leave to state, that they actedas gently and respectfully as they possibly couldunder the circumstances. But though a woman, shehas put herself outside of the pale of woman's privileges,and deserves no respectful consideration. The abolitionists, afraid of receiving the punishmentdue their rascality, and yet desirous of carryingon their nefarious schemes, are trying to carryout their plans and screen themselves from punishmentby the aid and instrumentality of their women.Relying upon Southern gallantry and generosity,they pick up abandoned characters who will do anythingfor money, and send them down here to corruptour slaves and belie our institutions, thinkingbecause they are women, they will be safe fromSouthern violence and reproach. The above is atrue statement of facts, and each and every memberof the Committee call upon yon to act decisively,and for the common good and welfare of our country. In behalf of the Committee, CHARLES WESLEY WOLFE, Sec. HARLES ESLEY OLFE 

 THE KANSAS RESOLVES. Hon. Henry Wilson, ina letter in the Daily Advertiser, denying the imputationthat he has been plotting for the defeat of theKansas Resolves, appropriating $100,000 as a contingentfund, says, "Had I the opportunity. I shouldvote for the resolves." In this he is in agreementwith Mr. Sumner. HE ANSAS ESOLVES. Daily Advertiser, 

 South Carolina has had yet another grief heapedupon her head before her tears for the loss of Brooks,the worthiest of her sons, are dry upon her cheeks.The terrors of the arm of her champion, while yetin the flesh, were not enough to save her from themachinations of her distant foes, and, now that herests from his labors, they come prowling, likewolves, into the very heart of her guarded fold.—The territory of that Empire has been insulted bythe footsteps of the invader, and the chivalry anloudly summoned to rally to the deliverance of thesacred soil. We find the particulars of this alarminginroad in the Report of a Committee, raised forthe purpose, to the authorities of the town of Sumter,copied with prefatory remarks by The ColumbiaTimes. It seems that an individual, wearing thedress of a woman, and hearing the name of Mrs.Emerson, has been delivering lectures on phrenologyand physiology, as we infer from the context, whohas given strong ground of suspicion that she hadulterior designs against the majesty of the Empireand the safety of Southern institutions generally.The nature of these causes of suspicion is not statedfurther than that her lectures contained 'a tiradeof abuse of Southern ladies'—disguised, probably,in the form of advice against their indolentand slatternly habits—but they were enough to inspirethe flower of the Sumter chivalry with thecourage to form themselves into a forlorn hope, andto rush, regardless of consequences, on this new andformidable shape of danger. ColumbiaTimes. These adventurous spirits marched directly up tothe very face of the enemy, and in spite of a braveresistance on her part, succeeded in possessing themselvesof her military chest. It is the more creditableto their personal courage that they did this inspite of a suspicion, which the Columbia journaldevelops at large, that it was a man in disguise, andnot a woman, with whom they had to do. The articlesamong her baggage which seem to have beenregarded by the victors as the strongest confirmationof her treasonable intent—as we infer from theirbeing mentioned with all the emphases of Italics—were a lantern and a side-saddle! It is not paidwhether the lantern wan a dark one or not. If as,it was certainly a reasonable occasion to suspect herof being an emissary of the Know Nothings, andwould justify any necessary precautions against hermalicious designs on the little common sense thatthey have left. But we confess that we an puzzledto imagine wherein the guilt of the side-saddle lay.Had it been a saddle of the masculine gender, wecan see that it would naturally give poignancy tothe suspicion that Mrs. Emerson, like Iago, 'wasnot what she seemed.' But why a side-saddle shouldstrike terror into the soul of South Carolina, anymore than any other article of feminine use oradornment, we must own passes oar limited skill indivination. We entreat our Southern cotemporariesto condescend to our darkened estate, and expoundunto us the necessary connection betweenSide-saddle and Sedition. man side-saddle But the lantern and the side-saddle, though thechief, were by no means the only alarming discoveriesmade in the repositories of Emerson the Epiceneby the victorious chevaliers. Among otherthings fraught with horror 'were extracts cut fromvarious papers' (Southern papers, of course,) containing'accounts of negroes being burnt, insurrections,effects of negro preaching, advertisements ofan individual wishing to purchase a likely youngnegro woman,' &. A list of her correspondentswas also discovered, 'which embraced residents ofalmost every State north of Mason and Dixon's line—most of them in Ohio, the very hot-bed of Abolitionism.'And an envelope was found actually addressedto some one in Massachusetts! The Committeecame to the conclusion that she was 'a philanthropistof the Madam Beecher Stowe order, andthat her mission, if for no worse purpose, was tocollect materials for a work similar to Uncle Tom'sCabin.' If for no worse purpose? What could beworse, we should like to Know? If our Southernbrethren really thought that Mrs. Emerson wasanother Mrs. Stowe, spying out the nakedness ofthe land for the purpose of writing a second UncleTom, we could not wonder at any severities of suppressionto which they might resort. The Committee, 'wet and wearied,' as they pathetically and parenthetically tell us, 'having beencaught in a shower, while going from the lecture-roomto the hotel,' (thus vicariously receiving themselvesthe docking which was the due only of theirfoe,) abandoned the search before they had gonethrough all Mrs. Emerson's baggage, thinking thatthe discoveries they had already made put her guiltbeyond all question. It was moved, before they adjourned,that her elects, including the dangerouslantern—for any instrument for diffusing light theymust have looked upon as a deadly weapon—andthe seditions side-saddle should be sold, the proceedsgiven to her, and she be sent by public conveyanceout of the State with all convenient speed. Butthey determined at last to 'report their discoveries'to the Town Council, and leave the matter in theirmagisterial hands, publishing it in The Watchman,to put the Empire at large on its guard againstthis intestine foe. The Columbia Times evidentlythinks that she was lot off too easily (if, indeed, shewere let off—for we have not heard what action theSumter magistrates took in the premises,) and invitesher to pay a visit to the capital of the PalmettoState, where it promises 'she shall be treatedwith all the honors due to her real sex and designs;'and trusts 'that this 'strong-minded woman' maynot take her final departure from the State beforethis is done.' We have not heard whether or notMrs. Emerson has availed herself of this proffer ofthe hospitalities of the central chivalry of Carolina. The Watchman, The Columbia Times The Committee stats the fact as one beyond dispute,that the Northern Abolitionists, afraid ofmeeting the consequences of their crimes themselves,carry on their nefarious purposes by the aid and instrumentalityof their women. 'Relying uponSouthern gallantry and generosity, they pick upabandoned characters, who will do anything formoney, and send them down here to corrupt ourslaves and libel our institutions, thinking, becausethey are women, they will be safe from Southernviolence and reproach.' We think that if thosemiscreants have ever indulged in any such illusions,they will have been effectually awakened from theirdream by the strenuous virtue of the patriotic Sumterites.We cannot wonder that the Committeeshould wind up their Report, 'each and every memberof it,' by calling on the Town Authorities 'toact decisively, and for the common good and welfareof our country.' If, indeed, the Abolitionists havereally made the whole Southern country to rustlewith' the petticoats of their fair myrmidons wethink it is time that the Town Council, not of Sumtermerely, but of every other place, should unite torepel the A invasion. But the matter becomesyet more serious and more complicated, if,instead of sending their woman, they go down themselves,clad in full panoply of hoops and ,to destroy the South by debauching the slaves andbelying the masters. Great is the mystery thusraised by this latest discovery! And great most bethe perplexity of our Southern brethren wheneverthey  themselves in the dangerous neighborhood! As great as that which vexedthe last age as to the half of mankind to which theChevalier d'Eon belonged. We are not competentto suggest a remedy for this bewilderment. But wewill merely hint that, as Coroner Connery is likelysoon to be relieved from his duties in this city,we could safely recommend him to the authorities ofthe South as an officer well qualified by nature andexperience to conduct the most delicate investigations.     But what a handle will these transactions give tothose 'lose scouts,' the Abolitionists, when theyread of them? Will they not say—a pretty stateof society which can thus be disturbed by the lectureof a woman on physiology or what you please?Are these chivalrous people afraid to have people tellwhat they see them doing? Are they frightenedout of their wits by the sight of extracts from theirown papers and copies of their own advertisements?Can lanterns and side-saddles and lists of correspondentsfrighten the chivalry of South Carolinaout of their wits? And, if so, can that be a soundbasis on which such a society rests? We are notafraid of any quantity of such rubbish brought intoour towns by man or woman from the South.—And when they see Mrs. Emerson driven out ofSouth Carolina because its gallant sons are afraid ofher, will they not exclaim, in the words of theScripture, 'The wicked free when no man pursuethThem'? We 

 ☞Frederick Emerson, a well known instructorand author, died at this residence in Boston, on Sunday,at the age of 65 years. The deceased was theauthor of "Emerson's Arithmetic," a work widelyused in American schools. He was also the patenteeof a system of ventilation which has received hisname. 

 The Richmond Enquirer breaks into this exclamationof virtuous horror: Enquirer 'Mormonism is repulsive enough, but abolition-amalgamationismmakes the soul shudder with a sickening sense of indescribable disgust; and thatthe tendency of anti-slavery fanaticism is to ultimateamalgamation, it is idle to deny.' We infer from its Italics that the Richmond printhas no objection to the amalgamation so commonand almost universal at the South, or any other,except that exceeding ran and almost unknownspecies which it has particularly specified. Thepeople of this country very well know that there isten times as much amalgamation under slavery as inthe free-States. Every body who has traveledthrough the Southern States has seen the evidenceof this in the bleached and constantly-whiteningcomplexions of the laboring people. More ever ifwe look at the advertisements for runaway slaves inthe Southern papers, we often see them described aslight-haired, blue-eyed, and able, successfully, withoutclose inspection, to pass themselves for whitemen and women. What else could be expectedfrom a system which reduces the poor woman to theabsolute dominion of the worst master, young orold, and then excludes her oath or complaint fromevery court of justice. Here in the free States, thesanctity of the humblest family is made inviolableby equal laws, and the oath of the poorest womanis heard and regarded against the violence of theproudest and most brutal man who may plot herinjury. advertisements Amalgamation is one of the most common, legitimateand repulsive results of slavery. It has becomea system at the South, and the institution ofconcubinage has grown up out of it—an institutionnot less demoralizing and repulsive to us than thepolygamy of the Mormons. Only a few years ago,the South presented us with a Vice-President whohad given as a life-long example of this concubinage.Nor should this be a matter of surprise.Was be not a proper representative man of a largeportion of the Southern chivalry? This concubinageof the South is fast undermining the institutionof marriage, with all its hallowed and harmonizinginfluences, and is seen alike in the bleachingof the slaves, and in the frightful increase of celibacy,and of the number of unmarried ladies in thatpart of our country. Then is reason to believe thatthe virtue of chastity among men is there exceedinglyrare, and are not surprised that Southernladies of intelligence should, on this account, asthey notoriously do, prefer Northern man for husbands,and that prudent mother there should desireto send their sons to Northern schools, because,as they often say, their domestic habits are here somuch better guarded than they can be on the plantationsat home. Shame to the slaveholder who,while constantly practicing, has the effrontery tocharge upon others the offence of amalgamation! 

 ☞AKNOWLEDGMENT. Four Dollars have been received"for the Anti-Slavery Cause," from Mr. JohnChristie and other friends in Portsmouth, N.H. KNOWLEDGMENT. S.M., Jr. 

 [Boston Correspondence of the Anti-Slavery Standard.] Let me see, what have we been doing since I wrotelast? O, yes, I remember! I went up one day sincethen to assist at a Tea Party, of an Anti-Slaverybrand, at Concord. Besides myself, there were Mr.Garrison, Mr. Phillips, and your late correspondingeditor, of whose company I am so fond that I seldomtravel unless I can persuade him to accompany me.The Tea Party was held in the Town Hall, a largeand handsome room, capable of accommodating alarge number of guests. Tables were laid the wholelength of the hall, and all the places seemed to befilled up. The entertainment was abundant andelegant, and was discussed with apparent satisfaction.The only improvement I could have suggestedwould have been in the selection of a presiding officer.Passing over many citizens, native and adopted, ofthe tower, your late corresponding editor was invitedto take the hand of the table—a distinction towhich, I must say, I do not read his title clear. Idare say he did his best, but truth compels me todeclare that, in my opinion, he made a very poorhand of it. (I had written f, but substitute handas more elegant.) In fact, I flatter myself that Icould have presided just as well as he. But, still, ifthe gives, of the feast ware satisfied, it is not for meto find fruit. f, At the proper time, Mr. Phillips was called upon,and made a speech which seemed to content his audience.Of course, it was of the common type of thediscourses of these disorganizers, and was full of theusual things at our glorious Union, and at our wise,judicious and prudent ministers and churches. Mr.Garrison also made a speech in the same strain,Which, I lament to say, seemed to find a responsefrom the numerous and, apparently, respectable auditory.Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson, who, all theworld knows, lives at Concord, was dexterouslyndwiched in by the chairman as a relish betweenthese thick slices of treason and infidelity. He gavea variety to the flavor undoubtedly, but I amafraid that the substance of his contribution wasnot really of a more wholesome quality than theirs,and quite as lily to disagree with the body politic.I rather think New York Observer was in theright when it included him with this class of personsin the list of lecturers whom Lyceum Committeeswould do well to avoid. It is a painful circumstancethat the common people, on whose supportthem institutions depend, should insist on havingsuch dangerous man as these as their lecturers, whenthey might be furnished with discourses by divinesof unequestionable of theological doctrine.I have actually known institutions of this kindutterly dissolved and abrogated, as these traitorswould have done by our glorious Union, simply bythe attempt to remedy this crying evil. I am afraidit is now past cure. Mr. Robinson, one of the editorsof the Telegraph, concluded the evening with aspeech of a more encouraging and heartening character then those that had occupied the chief of thetime. The whole affair, with all the drawbacks Ihave hinted at, seemed to give great contentmentto all concerned.   Observer Telegraph, Whatever we may think of the opinions and conductof the Concord people as to matters of a publiccharacter, it cannot well be denied that they possessthe virtue of hospitality, as all of us who assisted onthis occasion found to our heart's content. I wasthe fortunate guest of Mr. Emerson, together withMr. Phillips and your late corresponding editor. Adistinguished lady, who has recently occupied muchattention in your city, and whose genius has causedher to be saluted as one of the goodly company ofthe poets, was one of the party, and shared with usthe charming hospitalities of our philosophic host.I cannot, after the manner of too many correspondents,remove the roof of that elegant home, and tellyou all about it, and all about what was said anddone there, although it would probably give methe best chance I could hit on for being read inthe good time coming. It is enough to say that,however it may be at other times, at this particularone it was true, as the poet Lowell says, that 'Concordwas not dumb'; and, further, that we notmerely had 'Words for the Hour,' but words for agood many consecutive hours. Of course, we keptearly hours. Sir Toby Belch would have vouchedfor us that we went to bed betimes, if he had beencognizant of all the facts. And I hope you will notcensure us as Lacking diligence in business if we consentedfor once to leave our important affairs to takecare of themselves the next day, and to stay until atrain which came by a good deal past noon. Formy own part, I considered that if it wore a virtuein me that I came op to that meeting, it was one ofthe kind that is its own reward; so I determined todemand no recompense for it hereafter. 

 In the Senate, last week, Mr. Clark, of Suffolk,From the joint special committee on the petition ofLevi Baker, for an appropriation to test the searchlaws of Virginia, made a report, which was laid onthe table, and ordered to be printed. 'The committee state that the case under considerationis one of a large class of measures resorted to bythe slaveholding States as retaliation upon the non slaveholdingStates for the, discussion of the questionof slavery. These measures are leveled both at theproperty and citizens of the free States—at the property,as in the case of Captain Baker, and at the citizens,as in aha case of colored sailors, who are seized,imprisoned, and sometimes sold. The committeequote from the seizure law of Virginia, (passed March17, 1856) the section requiring the inspection of vesselsbelonging to other States, which are bound northof the cape of Virginia, imposing a penalty of $500for violation of the law, and appropriating the fines tothe enforcement of the fugitive slave law. The case of Capt. Baker, master of the schooner N.C. Hall, which was seized on the 4th of Sept., for violationof the law on a previous visit, is set forth. Thevessel was condemned, and sold for $570, her valuebeing $3000. To show the weight of the tribute exactedunder this law, it is stated that the little townof Wellfleet alone pays $2080 per year; and the wholeamount paid in this manner by Northern vessels is estimatedat $137,000 per annum. The committee showthe great injustice and unconstitutionality of the Actof Virginia, citing several authorities for their opinion,and unanimously recommend the passage of aresolve appropriating $25,000 to enable Levi Baker, ofYarmouth, to test before the Supreme Court of theUnited States, the constitutionality of an Act of theLegislature of Virginia, passed March 17, 1866, entitled"An Act providing additional protection for slaveproperty of citizens."' These search laws of Virginia may be constitutional;but we know that they are intolerable nuisances, andthere is no more justice in them than there would beto force every man born in Virginia, to be searchedand pay five dollars for it, before we allowed him toeat his dinner in Massachusetts. The better way totest the matter would be for some vessel suited to thetask, to throw the inspectors overboard, and let thecruising boat fire a gun in resentment if she had ataste for that business. We should then know at onceand forever whether American vessels, under the Americanflag, could sail in American waters, or seek shelterin stress of weather. It is true that the law injuresVirginia more than it does any other State, since vesselsdecline freights there, when they can be obtainedelsewhere, because they not only have the tax to payand the degradation of search to suffer, but they areoften impeded in their passages. The law requiressearch before sunset. A little while ago, a vessel fromthis port came down from Richmond, about dark, witha fair wind and a fresh breeze, and was obliged to losethe run of the whole night to wait the operation ofthis monstrous fraud upon American commerce. We had another case of a vessel from here, withintwo weeks. This law is for the protection of slaveproperty, and the search is to see if runaway negroesare on hoard the vessels, each vessel having to payfive dollars to keep Virginia negroes from runningto freedom. The vessel we speak of was driven bystress of weather to anchor in Hampton Roads, whereshe laid over night. At sunrise the captain was againon his course, sailing under the very shadow of anAmerican frigate, with her ensign emblazoned withthirty-one stars, indicating the equal protection givento thirty-one States, at her peak. Away in the distance,in a fleet of vessels moving onwards under a clearsky, was a rakish-looking schooner having a flag witha black ball in the centre, hut none to indicate her nationality,and in her foretopsail—plainly to he readthrough the glass, in bold letters—'Relief, Norfolk.'Our Yankee friend innocently took it, that as the cityof Norfolk had received large contributions from othercities, in the time of her distress and sorrow, when thedestroying angel passed over her, shaking death uponthe doomed inhabitants, who were borne to the grave,more rapidly than mourners could congregate, and atlast were left to rot unburied, she had now in the severityof the winter, wishing to repay their kindness,sent abroad this craft that she might relieve their shipwreckedand perishing sons, and from that mission ofmercy to the unfortunate, she was returning then. Beforethe character of the craft could be certainly madeout, however, she had come up with full flowing sails,and with the insolence of a pirate, hailed and demandedthe Yankee captain to heave to. In American waters,with the flag of his country over him, and havingan idea that history named such a day as July 4th,1776, the Massachusetts man kept on his course, seeingno reason to notice a craft giving no evidence of authorityfor such doings. As a more rapid sailor, however,the 'Relief came up with him again, and for hisedification, displayed a large gun mounted amidships,pointing directly at him, which had the desired effectof slackening his speed, so that a boat could board.The Yankee asked—'What is your authority for suchProceedings?' The Virginian replied, 'Have you notheard of the law for the inspection of vessels in theports of Virginia?' The pay was continued—theYankee not supposing the law to apply to vessels simplyseeking safety from danger; and the Virginiantelling him of his liability to a fine of $500, if he failedto obey it and return, and to the confiscation of hisvessel for the dues. The five dollars were paid—paidfor nothing but a worthless piece of paper signed by aVirginia official.  Now what can be more preposterous than such usageas that? Yet here is the concentrated wisdom of OldVirginia, and her crazy governor, and her crazy headedlegislature, all of whom would run themselves todeath for one 'nigger man,' and find their greatestglory in trouncing a 'nigger' wench. Rome in thegarb of a harlot does not disgrace herself more thanVirginia as a nigger driver. 

 Dr. Brisbane, the able and faithful clerk of theSenate, sends us the following communication. Aswe have received many communications condemningin unqualified terms the action of the Legislaturehere referred to, it is but fair to give the Doctor'simpressions. We think personal feeling and mistakenviews of duty are the explanation of thecourse of senators, and they will live to regret, asmuch as others that they had not acted differently. ARENA, Wis., April 9th, 1857. FRIEND BOOTH:—I feel troubled in spirit. Itsaddens me to think that you have to bear, not as arepresentative of the State, but as a mere individual,the burden of the slaveholders' and slave-catchers'infamous prosecution. It seems to me it would havebeen more to the honor of the Republicans in theLegislature to have sacrificed all their political hopesby causing the State to assume this burden, at whateverpecuniary cost, than thus suffer the ignominyof having one of her citizens, no matter who he maybe, to be sacrificed to the insatiate malignity of thatusurping power which tramples in the dust the escutcheonof the sovereign State, and rides roughshodover. Constitutions and every thing else, to extendand to perpetuate the accursed and the accursingsystem of human chattelism. Oh, when arethe people going to be aroused to a full sense of thedegraded condition of the so-called Free States,under the tyrannical rule of the Lords of the Lash? one  How is it that any Wisconsin an can endure theidea for a moment, that the citizens of his State areon the statute book Slave-Catchers for any mean,Southern task-master who might send a U.S. Marshalto order them on the chase? I am a nativeCarolinian, and however I hate her system of humanbondage, that fastens with stronger fetters than thoseof iron her proudest citizens as well as her humblestslaves, I am proud that I can pledge my wordfor her, that she would never so sink her State sovereigntyas to allow a master even from the Stateof Georgia to have the Fugitive Slave enactmentof the Federal Government to be executed withinher borders. No, never. When Barnwell Rhett,of South Carolina, in the United States Senate, denouncedthat enactment as unconstitutional and ablow at State sovereignty, he indicated what wouldbe the action of South Carolina, should any suchenactment as that ever be made practically applicablewithin her limits. If the Georgia master getshis runaway from South Carolina, it will be becauseher own laws allow it, and not because of thefederal enactment of 1850. And ret, NorthernStates, aye, and even the State of Wisconsin, willallow the slaveholder's crouching minion to seize theproperty of our fellow-citizens, to feed the rapaciousmaw of the infernal monster, and not furnish him themeans to maintain his rights against the usurpingauthority. task-master her own laws But, my friend, you stand in a proud attitude.The honor of self-sacrifice in such a cause is worthmore than gold. What if you should be made poor?What if you should have to go to prison? What ifyou die there? Your suffering, your poverty, yourimprisonment, your death, may be necessary for thesalvation of your State. Then let it be. But God grant that our next Wisconsin Legislaturemay, for the honor of the State, acknowledgeits indebtedness, and foot the account! I will not, I do not blame those Republicans whovoted against the bill for year relief, because I knowthe man, and know they felt they were doing thebest they could at that time, to promote the bestinterests of the State, and to sustain the cause onaccount of which the Republican party had beenplaced in power. But they thought their constituencywere scarcely prepared to approve the measure.But I most sincerely hope that after the next election,they will have the full assurance that thepeople are fully prepared for every measure necessaryto sustain the honor of the sovereignty of theState, Yours truly, WH. HENRY Brisbane. H. ENRY 

 THE SEARCH LAW OF VIRGINIA. The Senate ofMassachusetts has passed a resolve, on the petition ofLevi Baker and others, to test the constitutionality ofthe law of Virginia which requires that no vessel ownedwholly, or in part, without that State, and boundto any port North of the Capes of Virginia, shall departwithout undergoing an inspection, and receivinga certificate to that effect. The object of the law is,to provide additional protection for the slave propertyof Virginia citizens. Capt. Baker, who has pursuedthe occupation of a coaster for the last twenty-fiveyears, left Norfolk on the 1st of last August, in disregardof the law, but ignorant, as is alleged, that anylaw had been violated. On his return, the vessel wasseized. He declined to pay the penalty demanded ofhim as the condition of releasing the vessel, and offeredto give a satisfactory bond for any sum which mightbe required, in order to relieve his vessel from arrest,so that he might try his rights by making his defensein the Court, hut found that his vessel could not bebonded until the sitting of the Court, then next to beheld after the lapse of two and a half months. It isto aid in the prosecution of this suit, that the sum of$2,500 was appropriated by a resolve of the Senate. HE EARCH AW IRGINIA. 

 We have before us a long letter from Hon. D.W.Kilbourne of Keokuk, Iowa, to Warren Lincoln,Esq., of Raynham, acknowledging the receipt ofsome funds from the latter, to aid in purchasing thefreedom of the family of Charlotte Piles, who, itwill be recollected, was in this town last spring, solicitingmoney from the benevolent for that purpose.She succeeded in raising a sufficient amount, chieflyin this State, to purchase her two sons-in-law, whosewives and children had previously been emancipatedby a kind-hearted elderly lady, (Miss Frances Gordon,)who it will be seen incurred the great displeasureof her brother, a clergyman, (to whose church Charlottebelonged,) for the manumission of Charlotte'sdaughters, together with their children, at such asacrifice to him? In the event of the death of hissister, Miss Gordon, they would have become hisslaves, had she not given them their freedom! It appears that on the return of Charlotte to Kentucky,the owner of one slave had risen $300 on theprice stipulated for his freedom. This proved a discouragementto her. She hopes this spring to assureher son's liberty. Mr. Kilbourne, who haskindly assisted Charlotte in providing the papersand other means to aid her noble object, is Mayorof the city of Keokuk. In his letter to Mr. Lincoln,he states some fasts for the information ofthose who contributed to the benevolent object inthis vicinity. This took place last summer. Hewrote that Charlotte arrived there safe with hersons-in-law. The families, wives and children of Charlotte'stwo sons-in-law, were among those emancipated byMiss Gordon. One of them has five children, andthe other three. Hence Charlotte's desire to purobasetheir husbands first, so that they could supporttheir families, and perhaps contribute somethingtowards purchasing her son, who has no family. She paid for one of them $1300, and for the other$1000; she expected to emancipate them for$1000 each, but the owner of Walker advanced$300. He told Charlotte that he did not wish topart with him at all, and when Walker left, he toldhim if he would return and sell himself to him, hewould give him $1,500. They are noble looking men, and appear well andremarkably intelligent. I venture to say that Charlotteand these men and their families wan yesterdaythe happiest people in all the land. The menwere overjoyed. They came to my office soon afterthey arrived with Charlotte and their wives andchildren, and their expressions of gratitude for thekind Providence which had secured their freedomand restored them to their families, was interestingand affecting. Charlotte is a wonderful woman for one in herposition. What a work she has done! She is remarkablefor her energy, good judgment, businessqualifications, and above all, ardent piety. She hasa remarkable memory. She can give the nameand place of residence of almost every person shecalled upon in the East, and her heart overflowswith expressions of gratitude to them all. It war anoble charity that provided her with the means toaccomplish this noble work. There seems now to remain but one thing to maketheir happiness complete, and that is the freedomfrom bondage of Charlotte's own son. The largeprice demanded for him, and the $300 advance onWalker, will for a time at least delay his emancipation.Charlotte has some six or seven hundreddollars for this object. I hope she may raise theremainder. Charlotte says she was very kindly treated by allher old friends in Kentucky, except her old mistress'Brother Massa Joel. He (a minister of the Gospel?)Charged Charlotte with influencing his sisterto emancipate her slaves, and thereby rob him of atleast $20,000, as he would have come into possessionof them if his sister, who he said was no batter thana robber, had remained and died than. Charlottesaid she told him that her old mistress was honest,and would have a high seat in Heaven, bat that shefeared for him—she had called to see him, but not toquarrel—she wanted to come and go in peace—wassorry that he entertained such feelings—that hebaptized her, and that they had belonged to thesame church, and communed at the same table ofthe Lord for forty years; and now she told him,'You covet my liberty, my children, my labor!—Oh, Massa Joel, remember that yon and I will soonstand at the bar of God, to render an account of allour doings on earth.' So she says she left him. So far as you find it convenient, will you pleaseinform Charlotte's friends in the East of her success. 

 ☞The New York Tribune has detected an importantand singular emasculation of Gen. Cushing'sspeech at Newburyport, as published in theBoston Courier. In the following passage, the partof a sentence and the whole sentence, printed in italics,were omitted by the Courier;— Tribune Courier. Courier; 'At the present time, when human wit is at themaximum of creative and productive action—whenthe steamship, the railway, and the electric telegraph,marvels though they be, are but faint signs of the progressaround us—when earth and sky, air and sea, andall which therein is, animate or inanimate, partake ofthe great movement, and are instinct with its spirit—at such a time the public mind of Massachusettsstands still, and grows passionate over the questionwhether certain black men are citizens of the UnitedStates or not. We know that by law they are not; weknow that Massachusetts cannot make them such; weknow that, however that may be, whether according toour conviction or to the opposite one of others, matters notin the consideration of any practical end. And we forgetthat, while we sit by the way side, angrily discussingthese nuge not difficiles of hours of idleness, theworld is rushing silently by, leaving us in the lurch.' whether certain black men are citizens of the UnitedStates or not. We know that by law they are not; weknow that Massachusetts cannot make them such; weknow that, however that may be, whether according toour conviction or to the opposite one of others, matters notin the consideration of any practical end. nuge difficiles The first sentence in the Courier close—' growspassionate over scene minor question,' and then skipsover to—'And we forget,' &. The same emasculationoccurs in the speech as published in the Pest.The extract above is from the speech in the Travellor,which published it from a copy furnished by Mr.Cushing himself through the Post. Mr. Cushing'sfriends seem to have been more prudent and daintythan he was; and to have undertaken to revise hisspeech before giving it to the public eye.—BostonTraveler. Courier Pest. Travellor, BostonTraveler. 

 In the New York Legislature, April 8th, the JointCommittee of the Senate sad Assembly, appointed toconsider and report whet measures, if any, the Legislatureof New York ought to adopt to protect the constitutionalrights of her citizens system the serious andalarming doctrines of the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates in the decision of the once of Dred Scott, madean elaborate and able report, which, after stating thevarious points assumed in that decision, concludes asfollows:— The proposition which the majority of the Courtlaid down in deciding the question legitimately beforethem—viz., that no man of the African race,descended however remotely from a slave, is a citizenof the United States though born a freeman,and his ancestors for many generations before himalso freeman, and though ninety-nine parts out ofone hundred of the blood which runs in his veins isAnglo-Saxon, and his skin whiter, his heart purer,and his hand clearer than those of the judge whooutlaws him, and though his father may have fallenin the battle of New Orleans, on the glorious eighthof January, at the call of oar Jackson, or his grandfatherserved with honor, or died in battle under ourWashington, is a violation of the sacred principlesannounced in our Declaration of Independence, hostileto the spirit of our institutions and the age inwhich we live, a departure from the liberal doctrinesof the common law, and opposed to the weight ofjudicial authority in this country and England. Your Committee have no hesitation in expressing,the opinion that this decision is erroneous and oughtto be overruled; that they believe it will be overruledas soon as the free States have their just representationon the beach of that Court. The attention of your Committee was arrested bya proposition, stated by Chief Justice Taney in theopinion he delivered, as the organ of a majority ofthe Court, in the following words: 'They (thecolored race) had no rights which men worebound to respect.' Your Committee cannot forbearto characterize this proposition as inhuman, unchristian,atrocious—disgraceful to the judge whouttered it, and to the tribunal which sanctioned it. 'They had no rights which men worebound to respect.' inhuman, unchristian,atrocious The most censurable part of the conduct of thesefive pro-slavery judges yet remains to be stated, andit is this: The five constitutional questions abovestated, which were not involved in the point beforethe Court for decision, and upon which, in violationof judicial decorum and established precedents, theyvolunteered opinions, have, within the last twoyears, become political and party questions, havedivided the two great political parties of the country;and that division, unfortunately, has assumeda sectional character. These five judges are all locatedin the pro-slavery section, and identified withthe pro-slavery party. Under such circumstances,if true manly delicacy did not, a decent respect forshe feelings and opinions of the friends of free institutionsshould have restrained them from utteringa single word, not necessary to the decision of thequestion before them. Yet how widely different wastheir conduct! They volunteered, against decorumand precedent, to identify themselves and our greatNational Court with a sectional party, and to bringdown the high tribunal from the lofty place it hashitherto filled in the reverential respect of the nations,to the arena of party and sectional strife.They have destroyed the confidence of the people inthe Court, by stamping upon it a black mark ofsectional partizanship. They have, moreover, placedthemselves and the Court they control, in the fronttank of pro-slavery propagandism, and offensiveaggression upon the rights of the free States.  Your Committee cannot omit to notice, in thisconnection, the time selected by these five judges fortaking ground officially with the pro-slavery partyof the country. That time was strikingly propitionsto protect them from impeachment, and accomplishtheir purpose. A now pro-slavery, sectionalAdministration was just being inaugurated, andconsequently had the whole patronage of the FederalGovernment to aid in screening these partisanjudges from merited punishment, and produce acquiencencein their ultra pro-slavery, unconstitutionaldoctrines. The fate of Kansas, too, was then impending,and these doctrines, if carried out, wouldconsign her to the deadly embrace of slavery. YourCommittee reluctantly admit the thought that thenational ermine was used to cover and effect such anunhallowed purpose; but they have seen too manyevidences of the desperate acts to which pro-slaveryfanaticism leads men subject to its influence to layaside the fearful apprehension that our NationalCourt has been brought under its dominion. time The Supreme Court of the United States was establishedby our forefathers to secure a fair andenlightened exposition of the Constitution! and anindependent and impartial adjudication of constitutionalquestions, and thereby preserve the rights ofthe several States and the citizens thereof. The influenceand power of the Court having now beenmarshalled on the side of pro-slavery propagandism,and against the rights of the citizens of the freeStates, it no longer accomplishes the purposes of theinstitution. The safety and peace of the nation requireits reorganization, so as to admit into it a fairand equal representation from the free States, accordingto the ratio of population between the freeand slave States, which can and ought promptlyto be done by act of Congress. Until this measureis accomplished, it is manifestly the duty of thisState to take and maintain a firm stand against theencroachments of slavery, and keep this direful evilout of her borders. To this end, your Committee announce and recommendthe adoption of the proposition that slaveryshall never pollute the free soil of the Empire State,let the consequences be what they may; and in makingthis declaration, we place the Empire State onthe Republican doctrines of 1798, known as the'Virginia Resolutions,' which were acquiesced in bythe great Republican party of that day, and are inthe following words:— Resolved, That this Assembly doth explicitly andperemptorily declare that it views the powers of theFederal Government as resulting from the compact, towhich the States are parties, as limited by the plainsense and intention of us instrument constituting thatcompact; as no further valid than they are authorizedby the grants enumerated in that compact; and thatin case of a deliberate, palpable and dangerous exerciseof other powers, not granted by the said compact,the States, who are the parties thereto, have the right,and are in duty bound, to interpose for arresting theprogress of the evil, and for maintaining within theirrespective limits the authorities, rights and libertiesappertaining to them. To carry into effect this proposition, your Committeerecommend the adoption of the resolutionshere with presented, and the passage of an act entitled'An act to secure freedom to all persons withinthis State,' herewith also presented. SAMUEL A. FOOT, EDWARD M. MADDEN,M. LINDLEY LEE, JOHN T. HODGEBOOM,JOHN H. WOOSTER, HENRY W. BECKWITH. AMUEL OOT DWARD ADDEN INDLEY EE OHN ODGEBOOM OHN OOSTER ENRY ECKWITH. Albany, April 9, 1857. Resolved, That this State will not allow slaverywithin its borders, in any form, or under any pretence,for any time, however short, LET THE CONSEQUENCESBE WHAT THEY MAY. Resolved Resolved, That the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates, by reason of the decision of a majority of itsJudges, having identified itself with a sectional andaggressive party, has lost the confidence and respectof the people of this States. Resolved Resolved, That the Governor of this State be, and ishereby, respectfully requested to transmit a copy ofthese resolutions to the respective Governors of theStates of this Union. Resolved [These resolutions were adopted as reported, strikeoutthe declaration printed in capitals, by a vote of 17to 10 in the Senate, and of 42 to 26 in the House.] The bill provides in section 1, that no descent, nearor remote, from an African, whether slave or free, ofany soler, shall prevent any person from becoming acitizen of this State, nor deprive him of the rights ofcitizenship. Section 2 provides that every slave brought intothis State involuntarily or by consent of the owners,shall be free. Section 3 makes it felony to hold, as a slave underany circumstances or for any time, in this State, anyperson mentioned in the 2d section, and punishes thesame by imprisonment for net loss than two years,nor more than ten. 

 IS IT FREE OR SLAVE?—The Cheraw (S.C.) Gazettemoots a single question. J.P. Smith arrived atCheraw a few weeks ago, from Scotland, with Africantwins, of whom some little talk has been made. Duringher stay in Scotland, their mother gave birth toanother child, whom she brought home with her,Now the question arises, if that child, born in Scotland,is bond or free? If born free, how can it beheld in slavery hare? And was not its introductionin this country a violation of the law prohibiting theforeign slave trade? The mother became free whenshe entered Scotland, but returning here, she returnsto her owners. The remaining question is, can sheenslave her child by her own return to servitude? S REE LAVE Gazette 

 If we, as a church and a nation, break justice, ifwe sacrifice to selfishness the African race at home,this is fatal to our pretended generosity in carryingthem the Gospel abroad. God will accept no suchsacrifice; it is just robbing Peter to pay Paul. Itis trading on stolen capital. We do good to thoseafar off, but thrust those near at hand down to perdition;compound for sins we have a mind to, bydamning those we are not inclined to; condemninhumanity to the Chinese and the Coolies, butrivet the chains upon the slaves, and proclaim theAfrican race at our own doors nothing out chattelsand legitimate property. Priest and Levite athome, between Jericho and Jerusalem, Washingtonand New York, look askance upon the wounded,robbed, bleeding stranger, and pass by on theother side. Now, in Malachi, as well as Deuteronomy, inthe Omega of divine revelation as well as the Alpha,in the Old and the New Testament, God'sfiercest wrath is denounced against such heartlessness,cruelty, and injustice. 'He shall have judgmentwithout mercy that hath showed no mercy.'In the last prediction of a coming Gospel, and ofthe Savior as a refining fire, God says, 'I will comenear to you to judgment, and I will be a swift witnessagainst those that oppress the hireling in hiswages, the widow and the fatherless, and that turnaside the stranger from his right, not fearing me,smith the Lord of hosts.' 'Cursed be he that perverteththe judgment of the stranger.' 'I was astranger, and ye took me not in; and inasmuchas ye did it not to the least of these, ye dad it notto me.'  Thus the batteries of God's word are closing inupon us. They have bean masked batteries, toour stupidity, but our sins develop them, uncoverthem, and one after another they break forth inan anger of devouring fire, where we thought, forsooth,it was a dead, harmless wall, and proceededleisurely to build up our fortresses of iniquity, infull range of the guns, inviting their storm, andourselves putting the match to them. And nowwe begin to learn why so much is said in the wordof God concerning the treatment of strangers.For many years we have been oppressing and torturinga race of strangers among us, worse thanever Jews were treated, till, even under soon crucifixionsand cruelties, they have grown to be millions;and now, at this last culminating decisionof judicial cruelty and corruption against them,suddenly the great glaring reality of our guiltburns out in the word of God, and the live lightningseems leaping upon it. It was drawn before,as in sympathetic ink, invisible; nobody saw thelikeness; suddenly it is brought to the new beatand flame of our transgressions, and the damningdemonstration burns out in every page. The cursesfor the unjust treatment of the stranger come hissingupon us, now that at length all these generationsand forms of hitherto undefended oppression areshielded by the Supreme Court of Justice, andpronounced sacred I the constitution, and allthese ingenuities of torture, these theories of cruelty,and principles of robbery and spoil, are codified,all these inflicted disabilities, persecutions,syrannies, exactions, consumptions, deaths, areavowed, boosted, justified, taken up into law, nationalizedas the perpetual policy of the country,on the ground that the African race, whom wethus torture, were made of God to be tortured byus, and have no rights that white men anywhereare bound to respect. This is the bottomless pitof oppression re-opened, and Satan unchained;and this monstrous wickedness gives a tongue of to texts that the world till now didhardly know the meaning or the use of. But God know;and we, on whom the enlightened ends of theworld have come, have just placed ourselves inthe fo of this convengency of his denunciations;and if we do not speedily put away the evil thatattracts the flame, or reverse the decision that defiesthe justice of the Almighty, must compel himto let it loose upon us, tad shall suddenly be destroyed,and that without remedy. the treatment of strangers.       With a combined Jesuitism, yet narrowness ofreasoning, and facility of unscrupulous assumption,and entire absence of moral sense, and exclusionof every consideration of equity, and boldness andwickedness, yet puerility of sophistry, such as onewould have thought none but the Man of Sin andSon of Perdition ever could have taught his followers,the judge has set a whole race of human beingsunder the ban of a proscribed color, out of thepale of our sympathy and benevolence, as being arace of strangers, of the African stock, strangers,aliens, negroes, asserted never to have been contemplatedin the constitution under any other qualitybut that of merchandise, but just merely asstuff for cruelty sod oppression, stuff to trampleon, prolific, self-propagating stuff to make slave-propertyout of. The decision puts them in thecatalogue of strangers, and sets us, on that account,at liberty to maltreat them, to disregard alltheir rights, to make chattels of them, under thatcategory of negroce, to oppress, defraud, steal, buyand sell them; and forbids to them even the possibilityof bringing any accusation, much leas action,against us for such injuries, on the allegedground that they are not, and cannot be, citizens,but aliens, strangers of another race, and thereforethe legitimate subjects of oar avarice and cruelty,without any status in a court of justice, or anyright to justice which any white man is bound torespect. them us status Now this line of argument may overreach man,this tissue lies may pass current with those whodesire to support the iniquity, but it cannot overreachGod. And unwittingly it drags this wickednessinto a clear demonstration, in the verypresence of God's wrath. For the fact of beingstrangers of a down-trodden race, puts the negroesespecially under God's protection, and brings outinto view and fastens upon us, in regard to them,his explicit commands to treat them justly, kindly,and to love them as ourselves. So that the veryassumption which this judge sets forth as the groundof his decision, that negroes can have no rights,but shall be deprived of citizenship, and denied thepossibility of it, and regarded only as property, isthe very quality, that, namely, of a helpless, downtrodden,and strange race, with which God setsthem forth as claiming every right, and on theground of which he commands us to treat themwith especial benevolence. The obligation of lovingthe stranger as thyself, doing good to him, sympathizingwith him in distress, defending hisrights, and protecting him from oppression, was anobligation even of the Levitical law, and eventoward pagans, and was re-affirmed and insisted onby the prophets and apostles. And the disregard ofthe obligation, and the violation of these preceptsof mercy and of love toward the stranger, were onegreat cause of God's retributive wrath upon theHebrews themselves, and are so set forth in theindictment of their guilt, and the sentence of theirpunishment. 'In the midst of thee have theydealt by oppression with the stranger. The peopleof the land have used oppression and exercisedrobbery, and have vexed the poor and needy; yea,they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully.And I sought for a man among them that shouldmake up the hedge, and stand in the gap before mefor the land, that I should not destroy it, but I foundnone. Therefore have I poured out mine indignationupon them; I have consumed them with thefire of my wrath; their own way have I recompensedon their heads, saith the Lord God.' every especial benevolence. Now there is not a creature under these heavensthat can deny, there Is not a man in all our countrythat doss not know, that to treat the negroes inthis country, the descendants of the African race,as the Judges of the Supreme Court affirm theyare to be treated by law, is to oppress the strongerwrongfully. To deprive them of their rights,and treat them as property, is to commit a crimeimmeasurably greater than that oppression of thestranger for which the whole Hebrew nation wereconsumed from the land by the fire of God's anger.For whereas they were under the law, which had forthem its special separations from all other nations,we are under the Gospel, which brings all nationsinto one brotherhood, breaks down every wall ofseparation and of pride that existed, every prejudiceof caste and color, and binds us in kindness andlove to one race as to another, and to all other racesas to ourselves, in Christ Jesus. The obligations ofthe Gospel are upon us, where there is neitherGreek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision.Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free, but Christ alland in all. We were ourselves strangers, foreigners,aliens, but we, who were afar off, have been broughtnigh by the blood of Christ, and his mercy to usbrings us under obligations ten thousand fold greaterthan ever rested on the Jews by the law alone, toexercise the spirit and perform the duties of thisGospel of love to other strangers. But if, on thevery ground of their being strangers to us, and adown-trodden race, we tyrannies over them, expelthem, disfranchise them, refuse and deny them therights of citizens, what treatment must we ourselvesexpect from God? We do absolutely compelthe fire of his retributive justice to devour us. Theparable of the foreign servant taking his fellow-servantby the throat, saying, 'Pay me that thouowest,' sad in default of payment throwing himinto prison, and the punishment awarded for suchwickedness, come into view. If God will proceedthus with those who harshly and oppressively exacteven a just debt, what must be his dealings withthose who deliberately oppress and defraud millions,and so publicly, and in so heaven-defying a manner,assert the right to do this, and willfully pervert andmisinterpret the laws and constitution of theircountry, for the very purpose of such villany?Cursed be he that perverteth the judgment of thestranger! is to oppress the strongerwrongfully. they we [REV. GEORGE B. CEEVER.] EV. EORGE EEVER.  

 Some of our citizens have bean called upon recentlyin behalf of this Society. We feel that justice tothem, and to a good cause, demands that we shouldgive the following letter contained in the NorthernIndependent, of Tuesday. The letter is from well,known philanthropists and anti-slavery men in Syracuse,who are officially connected with an associationformed more than a year since, and which has aidedmore than two hundred fugitives: Independent, To the Editor of the Northern Independent. Editor of the Northern Independent. SIR:—We have tent seen in your paper of the 26th,a commendation of an 'African Aid Society,' recentlyformed in Syracuse. The article implies that saidsociety is the first and only organizations of the kindin the city. Such an impression, we are informed,has been made upon many persona, in different places,by Mr. William Brown. Permit us, therefore, to lay before your readers astatement of facts in relation to this whole affair: For the last eight or ten years, a number of individualsin Syracuse, without publicity, co-operated witheach other in giving shelter to fugitives from slavery,and aiding those who were afraid to abide here, intothe dominions of the British Queen. After the enactmentof the 'Fugitive Slave Law,' the number ofthose who sought our assistance was greatly increased.We were obliged to ask of our neighbors for large contributions—and to make more systematic arrangementwith friends in Albany, New York, and Philadelphia.At the commencement of the year 1856, it becameevident that we must perfect our organization, andenlarge our sphere of operations. Accordingly, inthe month of February, an association was formed;Samuel J. May was chosen President, James Fuller,Secretary, William E. Abbot, Treasurer, Ira H. Cobb,Lyman Kingsly and Jarmin W. Loguen, ExecutiveCommittee. Soon after a circular letter was published, and sentthrough this county, and some parts of the adjoiningcounties, asking for contributions of money and clothing.In the course of the year 1856, nearly two hundredfugitives were assisted by the committee, or byindividual members of this Association, and we areconfident that no fugitives from slavery were aided byany other persons in Syracuse. Mr. William Brown for a number of months actedunder a certificate from the President, as an agent ofthis Association. But as his appointment was not confirmedby the Executive Board, and his agency wasvirtually withdrawn, he took offence, and has sinceorganized the African Aid Society, and has gone aboutthe country, making such representations of the needof such a society in this place, as it would seem hehas made in Auburn, and he has collected funds there-from.What he has done with the money and clothingcollected by him, it is for him to show. We havenot heard of a single individual who has received assistancein Syracuse from him, or from any of theofficials of the African Aid Society; whereas, sincethe beginning of this current year, our Association hasgiven aid to more than twenty. Not only for our own sakes, but on account of thebenevolent enterprise in which we are engaged, weare constrained thereby to caution the public, everywhere, against Mr. Wm. Brown. SAMUEL J. MAY, Pres't.JAMES FULLER, Sac'y.WM. E. ABBOTT, Treas.SAMUEL SALBBURY,Pastor M.W. Church. AMUEL AY AMES ULLER M. BBOTT AMUEL ALBBURY We also learn from a clergyman, who recently visitedSyracuse, the place of Mr. Brown's residence, andmade inquiries in regard to his character, that the ParkChurch Session utterly refused to receive him as amember. The information was received from theofficers of the Park Church. By the subjoined acknowledgment of Mr. Brown,which was handed into our office with his signature,it seems that he has secured over $107 in this city.Our benevolent friends who sympathize with the escapedbondsman, must judge from these facts whetherthis African Aid Society, which Brown uses, is thebest channel through which to bestow their charities.We are sufficiently satisfied in the premises: The 'African Aid Society' hereby acknowledge thereceipt of one hundred and six dollars seventy-fivecents from the citizens of Auburn—$90 of which isacknowledge in our semi-annual report under date ofApril 1st, 1857. WILLIAM BROWN, Agent. ILLIAM ROWN AUBURN, April 10th, 1857. UBURN 

 One of the gravest accusations recently broughtagainst us, is that of failing to evince due respectfor the Supreme Court of the United States, and toreceive its recent dicta in the Dred Scott case as law.Those who bring this charge seem to forget that thejudgment of courts is oftener overruled by the peoplethan that the people is by the verdicts of courts.But the following extract from an opinion giventwenty years ago in the highest tribunal of our ownState, better expresses our views on the general subject.It was given by Justice Platt in our court forthe Correction of Errors, in the case of Yatesagainst Lansing, and is printed in 9 Johnson's Reports.Mr. Platt said:— 'The decisions of courts are not law—they are onlyevidence of the law. And this evidence is stronger orweaker according to the number sad uniformity ofadjudications, the union or dissension of the Judges,the solidity of the reasons on which the decisions arefounded, and the perspicuity and precision, with whichthose reasons are expressed. The weight sad authorityof judicial decisions depend also on the characterand temper of the times in which they are pronounced.An adjudication at a moment when turbulent passionsor revolutionary frenzies prevail, deserves much lessrespect than if it were made at s season propitious toimpartial inquiry and calm deliberation.'—Tribune. evidence union dissension characterand temper of the times Tribune. 

 ☞Our Southern friends have a hard time of it intheir attempts to keep all the objectionable works intheir index expurgatorious out of their territory. Dowhat they will, now and then an abolition missile willfind its way among them. A great excitement wasrecently caused in Pedee, S.C., by a bookseller, whosold a volume entitled Lives of Eminent MethodistMinisters, but which proved, on examination, to containthe biographies of Henry Ward Beecher, FrederickDouglass, and William Lloyd Garrison. The consternationand indignation which the discovery createdmay very easily be imagined. index expurgatorious Lives of Eminent MethodistMinisters, The publishers of the deceitful book were a firmin Auburn, in this State, who have sent a letter tothe South Carolinian Times, explaining the causeof the strange discrepancy between the title and thecontents of the book. It seems that the covers wereput upon the wrong books, and thus those fearfulAbolition agitators—Beecher, Douglass, and Garrison—were smuggled into the very heart of South Carolinaas eminent Methodist Ministers. We do not wonderthat the people of Pedee thought that this wasadding injury to insult. The only safety for the Southis to exclude all printed matter that comes to themfrom anywhere north of the Potomac.—N.Y. Times. Times, Times. 

 Commenting upon the recent perfidious decision ofthe U.S. Supreme court, in the case of Dred Scott,the New York Evening post forcibly says:— Evening post We feel, in reading the opinions of them men,that local political prejudices have gained the masteryof that bench, and tainted beyond recovery theminds of the majority of the judges. The constitutionwhich they now profess to administer, is notthe constitution under which this country has livedfor seventy years; it is not the constitution whichWashington, Franklin and Jefferson, and the ablejurists who filled the seats of justice in the calmerdays of our republic, recognized; this is not theconstitution to which we have so long looked upwith reverence sad admiration; It is a new constitution,of which we never heard till it was inventedby Mr. Calhoun, and which we cannot see adoptedby the judges of our federal courts without shameand indignation. Hereafter, if this decision shall stand for law,slavery, instead of being what the people of theslave states have hitherto called it, their peculiarinstitution, is a federal institution, the common patrimonyand shame of all the states those which fountwith the title of free, as well as those which acceptthe stigma of being the Land of Bondage; hereafter,whatever our jurisdiction extends it carrieswith it the chain and the scourge—wherever ourflag floats, it is the flag of slavery. If so, that flagshould have the light of the stars and the streaks ofrunning red exceed from it; it should be dyed black,and its devise should be the whip and the fetter. 

 ☞The New Orleans Courier says that the Mormonsin Utah—those unsaintly saints—are all fromthe free States, and none from the South. Probablythe Courier man has been round among the Mormons,and inquired of each particular one where hecame from. The Courier further frees its mind uponthe subject as follows:— Courier Courier Courier 'We would congratulate our fellow-citizens of theNorthern States upon being rid of so many of theirfanatics by emigration to Utah, did we not know thatfor every one that has left, there are hundreds morewhose superstition and bigotry are equal in degree, ifdifferent in form. Mormonism, Communism, Maine-Liquor-Law-ism,Agrarianism, Millerism, Spiritualism,Woman's-Rights-ism and Abolitionism, are allob voluores of the same plumage, none of whichare made less odious by any mutual hatred that mayexist among them.' ob voluores  

 The Twenty-Fourth Annual Meeting of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society will commence in the CITYASSEMBLY ROOMS, (446 Broadway, betweenHoward and Grand streets, in the City of New York,on TUESDAY, May 12, at 10 o'clock, A.M. WM.LLOYD GARRISON, T.W. HICEISON, PARKER PILLSBURYand WENDRLL PHILLIPS are expected to speakat the first session, A collection in aid of the causewill be taken. M. LOYD ARRISON ICEISON ARKER ILLSBURY ENDRLL HILLIPS The Society will meet at the same place on TUESDAYEVENING, at 7 1/2 o'clock, admittance 10 cts.,and again on WEDNESDAY, at 10 A.M. and 3 P.M.admittance free. The arrangements for public speakingat these sessions are not yet completed, but amongthose who have been invited to speak are Rev. G.B.CHREVER, Rev. I.R.W. SLOAN, Rev. W.H. FURNESS,Rev. THODO PARKER, WENDELL PHILLIPS,LUCY STONE, Rev. O.B. FROTHINGHAM, ROBERT PURVIS,and C.L. REMOND. HREVER LOAN  URNESS HODO   ARKER ENDELL HILLIPS UCY TONE ROTHINGHAM OBERT URVIS EMOND. It is much to be desired that the friends of the Societyshould come together in large numbers, fromall parts of the country, to confer upon the great interestsof the cause at this eventful period. We reiterate our format declaration, that the objectof the Society is not surely to make 'Liberty nationaland Slavery sectional'—nor to prevent the acquisitionof Cuba—nor to restore the Missouri Compromise—norto repeal the Fugitive Slave Bill—nor tomake Kansas a free State—nor to resist the admissionof any new slave State into the Union—nor to terminateSlavery in the District of Columbia and in theNational Territories—but it to, primarily, comprehensively,and uncompromisingly, to effect the immediate,total and eternal overthrow of slavery, whereverit exists on American soil and to oppose and confrontwhatever party or  seeks to purchase peace or successat the expense of human liberty. Living or dying,our motto is, 'NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS, LIGIOUSLYOR POLITICALLY!' surely  O NION LAVEHOLDERS  WM. LLOYD GARRISON, President. President. WENDELL PHILLIPS,S.H. GAY, ENDELL HILLIPS AY Secretaries. Secretaries. 

 —The St. Louis Evening News, in speaking of theaddress of the Mayor and the response of the Presidentof the Board of Aldermen, at the inaugurationof a Freesoil municipal government in St. Louis, says: Evening News, That Mayor Wimer, an avowed Emancipationist,should deliver a panegyric on 'free labor,' the 'dignityof white labor,' the 'toiling masses who upholdthe framework of society,' &., fee, is nothing morethan was to have been expected; but that the Presidentof the Board of Aldermen, George R. Taylor,Esq., a Virginian by birth, in manner and habits, andthe toughest kind of a National Democrat, shoulddeliberately, in cold blood, and with malice propence,echo the hyperborean utterances of the Mayor is amost surprising circumstance. Mr. Taylor is a Southern gentleman, an eminentcitizen, and a man of wealth—facts which, it was supposed,clinched him to anti-Bentonism forever. Judgeof the astonishment and anguish of his old friends,then, at seeing him give a hearty response to the sentimentsof the Mayor, and declare that Kansas will bea free State, that Missouri is bound to follow, as herclimate and economy are not adapted to slave labor! 

 The Annual NEW ENGLAND ANTI-SLAVERY CONVENTIONwill be held in Boston on WEDNESDAY andTHURSDAY, May 27 and 28, at the MELODEON, commencingon Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, A.M. EW NGLAND NTI LAVERY ONVENTION EDNESDAY HURSDAY In a time like the present—with all the safeguardsof liberty overthrown, and the rule of a slaveholdingoligarchy absolute over the country—with the highestmotives and the strongest inducements for personalself-sacrifice and individual action—the true friends offreedom can need no importunity to secure, on theirpart, a thronged attendance at this anniversary, whichhas uniformly been distinguished for the interest andspirit of its proceedings, and which, in view of thestartling events that have transpired since its last celebration,cannot fail to be marked by an increasingearnestness and devotion. Among the speakers at this Convention may beexpected WM. LLOYD GARRISON, WENDELL PHILLIPS,THEODORE PARKER, (should his health be sufficientlyrestored,) EDMOND QUINCY, PARKER PILLSBURY, T.W. HIGGISON, CHARLE L. REMOND, CHARLES C.BURLEIGH, STEPHEN S. FOSTER, ABBY KELLEY FOSTER,SUSAN B. ATHONY, ANDREW T. FOSS, AARONM. POWELL, and many others. M. LOYD ARRISON ENDELL HILLIPS HEODORE ARKER DMOND UINCY ARKER ILLSBURY IGGISON HARLE EMOND HARLES URLEIGH TEPHEN OSTER BBY ELLEY OSTER USAN THONY NDREW OSS ARON OWELL In behalf of the Board of Managers of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery society, the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery society FRANCIS JACKSON, president. president. ROBERT F. WALLCUT, Rec. Sec. ALLCUT 

 JUDGE SMITH'S LETTER.—We hope every man whoreads the Tribune, will read the noble, bold and patrioticletter at Judge Smith, of Wisconsin, in reply toa letter of invitation to a banquet tendered him bymany of the leading citizens of N.Y. City. JudgeSmith pronounced the accursed Fugitive Slave Lawunconstitutional and the people of that liberty-lovingState fully and generally sustain him in the decision.Wisconsin has 'thrown the tea overboard.'—ChangeTribune. UDGE MITH'S ETTER. Tribune, ChangeTribune. 

 The Anti-slavery struggle was commenced primarilyand exclusively with reference to the emancipationof the enslaved descendants of the African racein our land: in it are now seen to be included therights and liberties of all classes of the people, withoutregard to complexion. What is the Constitutionof the United States, in its present judicial interpretationand enforcement? The triumph of the SlavePower. What is the American government? Theuniversal supremacy of the Slave Power. What arethe President and his Cabinet—the Supreme Court—Congress—the treasury—the army and navy? Thetools of the Slave Power. What holds at its disposalall the offices and emoluments pertaining to the generalgovernment? The Slave Power. What hasbroken down all complexions distinctions among itsvictims, and now declares (with terrible consistency,it is true,) that white laborers ought to be reduced toa state of slavery as well as black ones? The SlavePower. What is constantly seeking extension beyondthe dominions of this republic, by perfidy, filibusteringinvasion, and blood and rapine? The Slave Power.What never grows weary, inactive, or despondent,but is always vigilant, prompt, daring, and confidentof success? The Slave Power. What is the Slave Power? Not, simply, the fourhundred thousand slave-owners at the South; not theSouth itself, as a unit on the question of maintainingand perpetuating slavery. It includes, besides these,a general complicity on the part of the people of theNorth, through constitutional pro-slavery guarantees,or religious and denominational fellowship, or commercialcupidity, or constant intermarriage, or politicalalliance, or social affinity, or complexional prejudice—or, rather, through all these combined, andabsorbed as so much working capital by the SlavePower. 

 NEGRO PROPERRTY.—The Clarksville, Tenn., Chronicle,of the 13th inst, says: During the past week, agreat many negroes have been sold, more perhapsthan ever were sold in so short a time. Generally theyhave sold high. Some negro women brought upwardsof $1,300; one negro man brought from sixteento $2600. EGRO ROPERRTY. 

 The case of Judge LORING has born assigned forconsideration, is the Senate of Massachusetts, forTuesday next. We kava taken no pains to ascertainwhat is the probability of the passage of an address tothe Governor and Council for his removal, by the Legislature;but, remembering that that body is stronglyRepublican in its political phase, and therefore professedlyon the side of freedom—at least to the extent ofdefending the honor of the State and the rights of itsinhabitants—it ought to be taken for granted that alarge majority will be found both in the Senate andin the House, prompt to call for the dismissal of theSlave Commissioner Judge. It is true that a majorityof the Committee on Federal Relation, to whom thepetitions for the removal of Judge LORING were referredhave reported adversely; but their report istoo flimsy in its reasoning, and too contemptible in itsspirit, to deserve the least consideration, while that ofthe minority is entirely satisfactory and conclusive,and should be adopted with great unanimity. Thepeople of the Common wealth must keep a vigilant eyeupon their Senators and Representatives, in the actionabout to be taken in this case—a case of great magnitudein its relation to the cause of freedom universally.Every vote whereby Judge LORING is allowed to go'unwhipped of justice,' and to retain his office withimpunity, must cost the Senator or Representativegiving it his political life. ORING ORING ORING 

 ☞The Methodist Quarterly Review, in an elaboratearticle on the subject of 'Slavery and the Times,'employs numerous quotations from Southern journalsto show that there has been a great and portentous retrogressionof public opinion in that quarter, on thesubject of slavery,—'almost a revolution in its suddennessand extent,'—and comes to the following conclusion:— 'We believe that if just opinions—the old opinions,we mean—on this subject, can yet be reserve red, and ahealthful, moral temper be restored to the nationalmind, it must be mostly by other agencies than thesewhich now prevail among our political parties and ecclesiasticalfactions. Agreed.— Journal of Commbree. Agreed.— Journal of Commbree. 

 REPRESENTATIVE WOMEN Grozelier, the artist, hasnow in hand a group of REPRESETATIVE WOMEN,(containing the portraits of LUCEBFIA MOTT, HAREISTBEECHER STOWN, LYBIA MARIA CHILD, MARIA WASTONCHAPMAN, ABBY KILLEY FOSTER, LUCT STONE,)which it is expected will be completed in time forthe New York anniversaries. The Pioneer Grouphas been delayed, but not abandoned. EPRESENTATIVE OMEN EPRESETATIVE OMEN UCEBFIA OTT AREIST EECHER TOWN YBIA ARIA HILD ARIA ASTON HAPMAN BBY ILLEY OSTER UCT TONE  

 ☞Rev. T.W. Higgins on, of Worcester, has publishedan affidavit, attested by hit oath, recountingvarious extraordinary physical phenomena which hesaw produced by Mr. Willis, the theological studentwho has been suspended by the Faculty of the DivinitySchool at Cambridge. It would seem that the sevensof Harvard, before they suspend a student fordeception and trickery, in being a spiritual medium,should investigate the subject, and show in what thetrickery consists. Now they have exercised no morejudgment than did the church and courts in hangingwitches in olden times. There are hundreds of thousandsin this country who would be glad to have thehumbug of spiritualism exposed, if humbug it is; andit would please them vary much if the Professorsof the University would do the work.—NewburyportHerald. NewburyportHerald. A 'Veteran Merchant.—Mr. Nathan Follansbee, ofthis city, will have been in business here, to-morrow,for half a century. He commenced the grocery businesson the 24th of April 1807, and there is but oneman in this vicinity, Mr. Charles Whipple, the bookseller,who was in business at that time. During thewhole period, Mr. Follansbee has been a patron of theHerald; and for forty-five years of the time, Mr.Sexual Cry has been his clerk.—Ibid. 'Veteran Merchant.  ☞The Lyceum was well attended on Wednesdayevening last, and the lecture by Mr. Parker Pillsbury,one- of the beat of the course. It abounded in deepthought, sublime sentiment, sharp wit and pleasanthumor. What was wanting in oratory is made up inthe beauty of illustration, the sublimity of description,and power to carry the hearer to any place, and makehim see and hear what was seen and heard by thespeaker. Some of his comparisons ware strikinglyoriginal. Such as 'borrowing the earthquake to cleavethe mountain,' 'the soldier breaking out all over withshining but,' and numerous others which tendedto amuse, instruct and elevate all who art capable ofappreciating an intellectual repast.—Milford (N.H.)Republican. breaking  Republican. Don't Stay Instructed.—The representatives of Salemwere instructed by the city council to oppose the$100,000 appropriation for Kansas. They have publisheda card in reply, in which they say: Stay Instructed. "We recognize no right in the City Council to instructus, or direct our action in any public measurewhatever. We derive our authority from the samesource as themselves, but our election was upon anentirely different issue. We shall, therefore, uponthis as upon all other subjects that may come beforethe Legislature, have a due sense of our responsibilitiesto our constituents, and cast our votes in accordancewith our own views of our duties to the Constitutionand to them." A Wedding Party Blockaded by Snow in April.—On the 21st ult. a wadding party in North Brookfield.having arrived within half a mile of the house of thebride, were blocked in by the snow, and it requiredthe laborious services of eiqht men for an hour beforethe banks were so shoveled away as to admit of a passage. A Wedding Party Blockaded by Snow in April. eiqht men an hour Arrival of Neal Dou at Halifax.—There was quitean excitement at Halifax on the 10th, in consequenceof the arrival of Neal Dow, former Mayor of Portland,who was a passenger on board the steamship Europe,bound to Liverpool. The Morning Chronicle says: Arrival of Neal Dou at Halifax. "As soon as the ship came alongside the Canardwharf, a numerous and highly respectable deputation,representing all the temperance organizations in thecity, waited upon Mr. Dow, and escorted him to TemperanceHall, where he delighted a large audience, fora short time, with an eloquent speech on the subjectin which he had enlisted the energies of his life. Afterthe address, he was accompanied on board thesteamer, by an immense concourse of citizens, whobade him God-speed in his mission on the other sideof the Atlantic.' Seizure of a Supposed Slaver.—The schooner Merchant,Slow, for Corsica, left this port yesterday, andafter proceeding some six miles outside of SandyHook, was overhauled by the steamship Satellite,having on board the U.S. Marshal's deputies, whoseized her as a slaver. She was towed back to thecity, and now lies in Buttermilk channel, under theguns of the U.S. Revenue Cutter.—N.Y. paper. Seizure of a Supposed Slaver. paper. [Captain Rynders, by acting in a very adroit manner,succeeded in overhauling this vessel. He vehementlyexpresses his determination to break up theslave-trade, and says he will let those who are opposedto him understand that, although he will catch a"nigger" if called upon, in the discharge of his duty,he will go a—eight further to catch a slaver, becausethe game is bigger, and he is particularly fondof cruising down the bay.] Valuable Property on the Wing.—Twenty-two slaves,as we are informed, recently escaped from a Southerncity, barreled us. They passed safely out to sea, whenthe barrels were unheeded, and they came safely toNew York, where they took different directions forthe land where Dred Scott decisions cannot reachthem. Six of them, a mother and five children, camethis way. In Thompsonville upwards of $30 wereraised for them, and in this city they obtained fundsto carry them as far as Suspension bridge. They werea hard looking set, and appeared as if they had beenbarreled up through the winter, but the children werebright, and will make the Canada woods ring one ofthese days.—Springfield (Ma.) R., Friday. Valuable Property on the Wing. barreled Springfield   Clinching the Nails.—Louisiana has passed the followinglaw: Clinching the Nails. "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representativesof the State of Louisiana in general assemblyconvened, that from and after the passage of thisact, no slave shall be emancipated is this State. ApprovedMarch 5, 1857." ☞A prospectus has been issued for a new journalin New York, to be called the Southern Herald. Itis to advocate the interests of the South and Slavery,and post Southern buyers respecting the opinions ofthe New York merchants. Is it possible that thereare no trusty Southern Journals already established inNew York? Southern Herald. selling a Man at Auction in Illinois.—The Sheriff ofSt. Clair county advertises a negro man for sale atpublic auction, he being guilty of the "high misdemeanor"of having come into the State of Illinois andremaining there far ten days, for which offence he wasfined $50, as provided by the Black Law of 1853, andin default of paying which fine, the Sheriff of thecounty in which he was found is directed to sell himto any body willing to pay the $50. selling a Man at Auction in Illinois. ☞Gov. Gorman, of Minnesota, has issued a proclamationcalling an extra session of the Legislature ofthat Territory for April 27th, "for the purpose of enactingsuch laws as may be deemed necessary to enablethe people to form a State Constitution, preparatoryto being admitted into the Union as a State." ☞Eve line Elmore, a beautiful danseuse in a NewOrleans theatre, was returning to her residence lateone evening last week, when she was seized by threeruffians, who carried her into a dark allay way, gaggedand pinioned, and there violated her parson. The unfortunategirl is not expected to live. Not a Citizen.—The Marshall Standard of Michigansays that a colored man was brought into a JusticeCourt in that town, on suspicion of debt, and pleadthat he was not a man, and that the Court had no jurisdictionof him, citing as authority the opinion in theDred Scott case. The Court amended the plea. Citizen. African Exodus.—The Petersburg (Va.) Expresssays: African Exodus. Express "Our citizens are beginning to observe the unusualnumber of slaves that are constantly passing throughPetersburg on their way South; and to the minds ofmany, the result appears inevitable that it will needbut the work of ten or twenty years to clear Virginiacompletely of that part of her population. A companyof one hundred passed through on Saturday." ☞Mr. Cyr, of Madawaska, addressed the Houseof Representatives at Augusta, on Monday, in theFrench language, at some length. This is a novelty inthe Legislation of Maine. French language, at some length. Death of Dr. Scoresby.—Dr. Scoresby, the veteranof Arctic enterprise, died at Torquay, (England,) onthe 21st of March, after a lingering ill. Sciences,loses a great deal by his death.  ☞Mr. Ransom White, of East Hartford, Conn.,last week dug 102 black snakes out of one hole on hisfarm, the aggregate weight of which was over ninetypounds. ☞Alex. Mullinix murdered his wife at the breakfasttable, in Putnam county, Ohio. The youngcouple had been married just three weeks. The Boston Times has been united with the BostonHerald, and thus posses out of existence as a distinctjournal. Times ☞The lobster trade of Provincetown, last year,announced to 332,000 lobsters, which were sold for49280.00 ☞The wife of Horace Mann announces a newwork, entitled Christianity in the Kitchen. Christianity in the Kitchen. ☞A gentleman of Cincinnati is in possession ofthe names of all the liquor dealers in two streets ofthat city for the last fifteen years. There were sixty-sevenin all, of whom fifty-three were dead, and fortyof whom died drunk. 

 In the Mose House of Representatives, in favor of theResolve in aid of the Free State Settlers of Kansas. In the Mose House of Representatives, in favor of theResolve in aid of the Free State Settlers of Kansas. MR. SPEAKER:I desire to utter a brief word in defense of the voteI shall give for the passage of these resolves. First-WeWe are it as a debt of humanity above all constitution.But it is an act for the preservation of ourOwn Common wealth as free and independent state.Self-preservation is the first law of nature; and, inView of the past, I ask, is there no danger? I regretthat gentlemen have traveled out of the way in thisdiscussion, especially the gentle man from Dorchester,(Mr. Brown), to chant praises to the Union. Why,sir! What has the Union accomplished for the citizensof the United States for the past generation? It haslavished its wealth to purchase territory, and peopleit with tyrants and slaves. It ha waged war for slavery-extension.It has crushed out of the hearts of thepeople the spirit of our fathers to resist tyranny. Ithas blasted pledges of a generation. It has lured andptivated by dissimulation. It has prostituted anddestroyed the proudest intellect, the most eminentstatesman the nation has produced. Why, then,waste words in plaudits to the Union, when it hasbeen a curse instead of a blessing? Let me illustrateby a single comparison. Does the white populationof the slave States, as a men, compare in energy,education, genius and moral worth with thepeople of Nova Scotia and the Canada's, the blessingsof the Union to the contrary not withstanding? Whilethe prosperity of the free States is attributed to theenterprise and skill of their people, they have conferredupon the Union, by their alliance with the slaveStates, the power to strike at liberty, while it extendsthe area of bondage and oppression. R. PEAKER  as a men I submit, then, as, year after year, the landmarks offreedom are fading and vanishing away, it does notbecome us, as representatives of a free and intelligentpeople, to sing anthems to that power which, ifit continue its course, will open the graves of ourfathers, and bury the vary declaration of liberty theyleft us. The gentleman from Abington (Mr. Johnson) comparedthe Union to a noble ship in possession of pirates.Let me vary the comparison. The Union is the flagshipof a fleet; each State is an independent craft;they set sail for a mutual object, 'Union and liberty.'When well out in the gulf stream of Nationality, theflag skip changes her course, and runs up to her masthead the signal of death, the skull and the crossbones!and shall the old ship Massachusetts foreverfallow in her wake, to the mournful dirge of Slaveryand Death? My prayer is, 'God save the Commonwealthof Massachusetts!' I am ready to stakethe issue on Kansas; let us do what we can to saveher to freedom; and if she is lost, lot Massachusettscall home her Representatives from the Congress ofthe nation, and save herself from the black pall ofslavery that is now spreading darkness over thewhole land. 

 Collections by Parker Pillsbury:— Table  Table  By Joseph A. Howland:— Collections at Old Colony A.S. Society, 7 00 FRANCIS JACKSON,Treasurer. Treasurer. 

 CASE OF REV. MR. KALLOCH. During the trial ofthe Rev. Mr. Kalloch, of this city, for a heinous offence,we made no reference to it is our columns, awaiting with solicitude its termination, and from thefirst trusting and believing that he would be able toprove that he was the victim of a foul conspiracy;but as nothing of the kind was attempted to be shownby his counsel—a none of the four witnesses againsthim had their character impeached for veracity, however defective in other particulars—as Mr. K's admissionswere of a most damaging character to himself—and after a careful and unbiased examination of allthe facts in the case, we feel constrained to say, thatif we had been on the jury, we should have felt warranted,at the close of the trial, in returning a verdictof guilty, without leaving the jury-box—though eightof the jury were for his acquittal, for reasons we mustsuppose satisfactory to themselves. As he still continuesan indicted criminal,and may yet be convictedon a second trial, about it be held, we think has continuingto preach indicates a palpable disregard ofpublic propriety, and also of self-respect, of the partboth of himself ad his congregation. On our lastpage may be found some comments of the press uponhis case. ASE EV. R. ALLOCH. 

 The undersigned, a Committee appointed for thatpurpose, hereby give notice, that the FIFTH YEARLYMEETING OF THE PROGRESSIVE FRIENDS OF PENNYSYLVANIAwill Convene In the Longwood meeting -house,Chester County, on the FIRST DAY, the 17th ofFifth month, 1857, at 10 o'clock, A.M., and continueits sessions, probably, for three successive days. IFTH EARLY EETING ROGRESSIVE RIENDS ENNYSYLVANIA The distinguishing peculiarity of this ReligiousSociety in, that, not being founded upon a creed, itinvites the co-operation of every friend of Truth,Humanity, and progress, without regard to sectarianor theological distinctions. The rights of those whocome into our assemblies are graduated by no differenceof sex, nationality, or complexion. We have noorder of priests or ministers, lifted above their brethren,to address us in a voice of authority, to define theboundaries of thought, and interpret for us the will ofGod. Free discussion has for us no terrors. We saywith MILTON, 'Though all the winds of doctrine belet loose to play upon the earth, so Truth be in thefield, we do injuriously to doubt her strength. Lether and Falsehood grapple. Who ever knew Truthput to the worst by a free and open encounter?' ILTON We assemble ourselves together, from time to time,not to wrangle about the abstruse dogmas of a dry andsapless theology, but for the renewal of our spiritualstrength, and to worship the SUPREME in the searchfor LIVING and VITAL TRUTH; to inspire and promotethe spirit of love and good will among mankind; toconfront in a manly spirit the great moral issue of thetime; to testify against ry form of oppression andpopular wickedness; to invigorate every noble andgenerous impulse, and every aspiration for purity andvirtue; to speak words of encouragement, sympathy,and hope to the poor, the unfortunate, and the degraded,and to devise and execute plans for their relief.We accept, as expressing the spirit and purpose of ourAssociation, these memorable words of HUMBOLDT:'The one idea which history exhibits as evermore developingitself into greater 'distinctness, is the idea ofHUMANITY—the noble endeavor to throw down allbarriers erected between man by prejudice and one sidedviews; and, by setting aside the distinctions ofreligion, country, and color, to treat the whole humanrace as one brotherhood, having one great object, thefree development of our spiritual nature.' UPREME IVING ITAL RUTH;  UMBOLDT UMANITY To all whose hearts incline them to co-operate withus, in this spirit and for these objects, we extend acordial and earnest invitation to meet with us at thetime and place above named. Table  Table  COMMUNICATIONS for the Meeting may be addressedto JOSEPH A. DUGDALE, Hamorton, Chester Co., Pa.,or to OLIVER JOHNSON, Anti-Slavery Office, NewYork. OMMUNICATIONS OSEPH UGDALE LIVER OHNSON LONGWOOD MEETING-HOUSE is one mile west ofHamorton, on the road leading to Kennett Square.Strangers are informed that a daily mail coach runs tothe latter place from Wilmington, Del., passingdirectly by the meeting-house. The distance fromWilmington to Longwood is 13 miles. Between Philadelphiaand Wilmington there is daily communication,both by railroad and steamboat. ONGWOOD If any person wishes for conveyance from Longwoodto Wilmington, on the day previous to the YearlyMeeting, Thomas Garrett, of the latter place, willmake provision for them, on reasonable terms, if writtento in season. 

 A FAITHFUL TESTIMONY. On Sunday afternoonlast, we had the pleasure of hearing the excellent andimpressive Fast day sermon, delivered by Rev. NATANIEL HALL, of Dorchester, and repeated by requestof a number of his parishioners. It faithfullyexposed the general corruption of the times, the perfldyof official station and the loose morality of privatelife, the all-pervading lack of concience,and the inherent stafulness of slavery. We are glad to learnthat it is to be printed by request. AITHFUL ESTIMONY. 

 ☞PARKER PILLSBURY, an Agent of theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society, will speak at WEYMOUTH,on Sunday, May 3. Also, at PUTNAM,(Conn.) on Sunday, May 10. 

 INSTRUCTION IN ELOCUTION. We refer our readersto the advertisement of Miss H.G. GUDEON, inanother column, who offers herself as a teacher inElocution—an art that greatly needs to be cultivatedin all our schools and academies—sad whose references,it will be soon, are of the most satisfactory character. We trust Miss G. will most with ample success, knowing with what seal and perservance shehas sought to perfect herself as a competent instructor. NSTRUCTION LOCUTION.  

 ☞WM. LLOYD GARRISON will deliver anaddress on Temperance, before the Boston Total AbstinenceSociety, in the Mercantile Library Hall, inSummer street, on Sunday evening next, at half-past7o'clock. 

 ☞WANTED.—The subscriber wishes to employone hundred young and middle aged men to travelas agents through the New England and WesternStates, to sell some new and valuable books, for whicha ready sale is found. A capital of from five to tendollars only will be required, and an agent can makefrom $5 to $15 per day; for some now engaged inthe business are making twice that sum. All informationcan be had concerning the business by addressingB.F.G., of Worcester, Mass., and enclosing apostage stamp. 

 ☞GIVE HIM A CHANCE.—A colored youngman of good family and character desires to learn theart of shoemaking. Any one who can afford such anopportunity will please address WM.C. NELL, 21Corn hill. 

 DIED—In Syracuse, (N.Y.) on the 21st ult., ofscarlet fever, MARGARET MAY, the youngest child ofMr. Alfred and Mrs. Charlotte May Wilkinson, agedone year and seven months. ARGARET AY 

 IS rapidly rising in favor, and a competent teacherof this art will supply a long-felt-want. Miss H.G. GUNDERSON, 16 Bradford street, offers her servicesin this department to Colleges, Academies,Schools, professional gentlemen, ladies, and all whowish to acquire a correct style of reading and speaking. Miss G. has permission to near to the followinggentlemen:— G.F. THAYER, Esq., late Principal of the ChauncyHall School. HAYER AMOS BAKER, Esq., Principal of Chapmen HallSchool. MOS AKER Rev. J.W. OLMSTEAD, Editor of the Watchmanand Reflector. LMSTEAD Rev. C.T. BARNARD, Warren St. Chapel. ARNARD Prof. H.B. HACKETT, Newton Theological Seminary. ACKETT Prof. ALVAN HOVER, " " " LVAN OVER Rev. O.P. STEARNS, Newton Centre. TEARNS Rev. J. NEWTON BROWN, D.D.. Philadelphia. EWTON ROWN Rev. L.T. BEECHER, D.D., Principal of Saratoga Female Seminary.Boston, May 1, 1857. 

 LAROY SUNDERLAND'S Remedies' for theEyes, the best ever known for Dim, Misty, Cloudy,or Short Sight; Floating Specks, Ulceration of the Eyesor Eyelids; Films; Amaurosis; Ophthalmic: Obstructionsof the Tear Passages, . Reliable, in all diseasesof the Eyes, of whatever kind, and from whatsoevercause. They have restored multitudes, (somefrom total blindness,) after other means had failed;also cured persons born blind; cured blindness of fiftyyears old! Remedies' Eyes, Dim, Misty, Cloudy,or Short Sight; Floating Specks, Ulceration of the Eyesor Eyelids; Films; Amaurosis; Ophthalmic: Obstructionsof the Tear Passages, . Reliable,  blindness, born blind; fiftyyears These Remedies have been abundantly tested intone of thousands of cases, of all ages and all forms ofdiscuss, affecting the Eye, for more than sixty yearspast. No charge for advice, nor say fee demanded of thepoor. A 'Book of Information respecting these celebratedRemedies, and the Author's New Method ofCure by pure Nutrition, in all forms of diocese withoutDrugs, (every man his own doctor) will be sent to you,For I dime, post free! Address, LA ROY SUNDERLAND,Boston, MASS. fee Information New Method ofCure Ml 4w 

 WITH description and prices of all Trees andPlants needed in the Garden, Lawn, Orhard,Green House, Vinery or Nury, with the latest novelties,will be forwarded on application. Carriage ofall packages paid to Boston or New York.   with the latest novelties, B.M. WATSON, Old Cny Nu, Plymouth, MMarch 27.    

 This apparatus is designed for pasture, yards, andall places where a stream of water is not accessible.By means of a platform property adjusted infront of the watering-trough, the weight of the animalis made to draw water from the well on approachingit to drink. It is simple in construction, not likelyto get out of order, and cannot fail to recommenditself to farmers as an important labor-saving machine,dispensing wish all the trouble of pumping or drawingwater by hand power. A sheep will raise thebucket with water in proportion to his weight, takinga little more time to accomplish it. A horse, or otherheavy animal stepping upon the platform, the bucketinstantly rises and discharges its contents into thetrough, and, as he steps off, drops back into the well,to be filled ready for the next comer. By this means,animate can be left by themselves in the most distantpastures, without any care  attention on the part ofthe owner, ether than to dig a good well; and so longas there is a supply of water in it, there can be nodifficulty in the way of the animals supplying themselves.  The undersigned is proprietor of the patent right tothis invention for Worcester County, and is preparedto dispose of individual rights on favorable terms. Also,proprietor's grant for the sale of State, County, orTown rights. ALVLN WARD. Ashburnham, April 20, 1857. The undersigned have carefully examined the Self-ActingFarm Well, as put in operation by Mr. AWard, of Ashburnham, and cheerfully give our testimonyto its excellent adaptation to the purpose forwhich it is designed. Its operation is simple, and the)apparatus easily constructed, cheap and durable. Itmust, we think, form a very acceptable and laborsavingaddition to the conveniences of every farmyardwhere running water is not easily obtained, anda valuable means of providing water in pastures wherethe supply is not permanent.  A. GREEN,E. GARFIELD,A.R. SMITH,J.H. FAIRBANKS,J.L. JOSLIN. Fitchburg, Jan. 19, 1857. Ap. 24. 

 Distant from the Railroad station nearly one and ahalf miles, is beautifully located on elevated ground,amid the highly cultivated lands of an agriculturaldistrict. The house is large and the rooms numerous,and it has an excellent hall for gymnastics and recreation.The water, which, for purity and softness, israrely equalled, is conveyed to the building by woodconduits, and thus escapes metallic oxidation. Thebath rooms and appurtenances are ample andcommodious, and in the regulation of temperature as wellas general arrangements, the establishment offerssuperior facilities for WINTER or summer treatment. Its hygienic and 'out of door' influences aresuperior. The hard, dry roads, with convenient grades,the 'wild wood' groves, a romantic lake, (GreatChauncey,) upon the Northern shore of which, highparched, are the symmetrical and magnificent buildingsof the Reform School; the exquisite landscapescenery from Raymond Hill, with the dry andexhilarating atmosphere, all combine to rouse tile exhaustedenergies of patients suffering from chronic disease.To make the Cure still more inviting, the proprietor,in addition to the 'old elms,' has transplanted into itsgrounds more than one hundred and fifty forest trees,some of large growth, &. It is the desire and intentionof these interacted, to make this truly a RETREATFOR INVALIDS, where every proper influence shall bemade to do its appropriate work of restoration. Persons desiring additional information, will pleaseaddress the resident physician. Dr. J.H. HERO, orthe consulting physician, DR. GEORGE HOYT, ofBoston, 77 Bedford street, who visits the institutionsemi-weekly, and attends to calls in the city andcountry. April 1O. 6w. 

 THIS School is located in the pleasant and quietvillage of Hopedale, Milford, Mass., within twohours' ride of Boston, Worcester and Providence,—aplace admirably fitted for an Educational Institutionwhich is designed to combine with intellectual trainingproper attention to the physical health and comfort,and a watchful regard to the moral and social cultureof those who may share its privileges and opportunities.Its success, since it has been under the superintenceof its present Principals, together withtheir former experience, and general qualificationfor the position they occupy, increases the hope and thebelief that they may prove themselves worthy of theconfidence and patronage, not only of their friends,but of the friends of a true and comprehensive education,and of the public at large. The design of the School is to educate in the highestand best sense of the term; to exalt substanceabove show, attainment above accomplishment, meritabove appearance, being above seeming; to make neitherparrots, puppets, nor pedants, but thinkers; to aidin the formation of a symmetrical, harmonious,substantial character; to fit its pupils for any trulyhonorable calling, and for solid usefulness in life. Hence,the superficialities, mockeries, and shams, that so oftencharacterize popular and fashionable boarding schools,will be studiously avoided, and thoroughness ratherthan extent—quality rather than quantity—will becarefully regarded. being thinkers thoroughness quality Parents and Guardians desirous of finding a pleasantand comfortable HOME for their children or wardswhile prosecuting their studies, where they will bewell cared for, and kindly treated—where they will beremoved from the evils and temptations of commonsociety, and from the corrupting power of prevailingwickedness—where they will be nurtured in virtue,humanity and pure religion, will find here anunusually favorable opportunity of realizing their wishes. As this Institution is thoroughly Reformatory andProgressive in its purpose and spirit, it mustnecessarily rely to a very great extent upon the friends ofReform and Progress for its prosperity and support.To all such, its claims and merits are respectfully andconfidently submitted. To those desiring it, the names of persons who havehad children or wards at the School, and of otherscompetent to judge in the matter, will be given, onapplication, for purposes of reference and particularinformation. The next,—Summer Term,—of this Institutionwill commence on Wednesday, April 15, 1857, andcontinue twelve and a half weeks. For further information and particulars, see largeCircular—to be obtained by addressing either of thePrincipals., Hopedale, Milford. Mass. WILLIAM S. HAYWOOD,ABBIE HAYWOOD, Principle. Principle. March 13.   

 BY THE SAME AUT.  The following is the Table of Contents of the firstPart of this unique book:— CHAP. I. Is Marriage a Duty?II. Nature and Design of Marriage.III. How the ends of Marriage are to Or Rational Courtship.IV. The Philosophy of being in Love.V. As what Age should we Marry?VI. On Equality in Marriage.VII.  Second Marriages desirable?VIII. The Perpetuity of Marriage. HAP.           Part II. Contains  chapters under the general of   PROPER QUALIFICATIONS FOR MARRIAGE, treated in the inimitable style for which 'The OldPhysician' is justly celebrated. In, one vol. 18 no. Price 75 cents. PUBLISHED BY JOHN P. JEWETT &Co. BOSTON HENRY P.B. JEWETT.  CLEVELAND, OHIO  

 Go, now, our Southern lords, thin out your slaves!We've given you the free land of the West,For a new home in which to lire and grow.!Erect the whipping-post, the auction-block;Go, sell and buy, and by your trade grow rich,That land was free, free as the air of heaven;The savage kept it free; yes, even heWatched with a jealous eye his sacred home;Our Fathers loved it, too, and long agoThey made a solemn vow that it should beThe home of freemen, that no menial bloodShould ever stain its soil. But that is past;Our masters have commanded us to yield,Given us bribes, and threatened their fierce wrathIf we refuse; and dare we meet their threats?And dare we act like meu, and tell them nay?Ah, no! Our dastard race has learned to cringes!We've done it oft, and it comes easy now.Our backs are supple, and upon our browIs written 'RENEGADE.'         Fathers            ENEGADE. Come, Southern nobles, take our rich domain;We give it all to you, and only askThat our base sons may labor side by sideWith your base slaves, while we, like spaniels, lickThe lordly foot that spurns us with disdain.Oh! 'tis a NOBLE thing to boar the knee,And lift the suppliant eye, and clasp the hands,And in submissive tones entreat a placeTo lodge in our own mansion, while we waitLike monkey in suspense far dainty crumbs,To fill oar craven maws!           Come, plant your slaves on Pennsylvania's soil;Come to our hearth-stones, we have yielded now;We'll give you of the best our stores afford,And when you've feasted till you're satisfied,We'll take our places round the board you left.And with your menials clean the half-picked bones.      You want your negro whipped? Give me the lash,Tell me to strike, how often and how hard,And not until you say 'enough,' will ILay down the gory whip; and if I failTo do your bidding well, then flog me too;I'll bear it like a cur, and crouch to himWho strikes the hardest blow!Taney shall occupy the White House next:—Yes! place him on the track, and we'll huTill our exhausted lungs can do no more.Or if your favorite Judge desires a crown,And you, our Southern lords, should give it him,Then will we raise the shout, 'God save the king!'              What more?For now we wish to show our loyalty:—Our fathers have been senseless, stubborn men;They long resisted you; but we, their sons,Will amply make amends. Now only ask,And we will give; but speak, and we'll obey;A nod, a single look be our command—A single smile our pay.We only ask one favor at your hand:We crave it as a boon—we claim no rightsBut that we may forget that we are slaves;Just let us labor where the stripes and starsFloat in the breeze above; then, at our toil,We'll look up where our flag in glory wares,And fancy we are free!               Mercer,(Pa.) April, 1857. J.C.B. 

 One by one Earth's wrongs are smitten,One by one its errors fall;One by one are carved and writtenTruth's great triumphs over all;One by one the dreary placesGlow with green and gush with light;One by one God's finger tracesMoons and stars upon the Night.        One by one are rent and rivenAll the links of hell's hot gyves;One by one the chords of heavenGently, strongly clasp our lives;One by one Earth's bitter weaningsLeave as nearer to the skies;One by one Life's higher meaningsBreak like sunlight on our eyes.        O, the weary months of sorrow—O, the long and solemn years!O, the yearning for the morrow,That should give us joy for tears!O, the wrestling heart's great anguish!O, the wasting of the frameAnd the love that could not languish.And the spirit tinged with flame!        Let it pass: the blessed throbbingOf the purple heart of mornDrew its pulses from the sobbingMidnight—sitting in her scorn;And the calm soul's higher thirsting,And the light of truer eyes;These are but the upward burstingOf the seeds of scarifies.        Therefore, though the iron shackleClasp and clench the writhing spheres;Though the red fires flame and crackle,Through the ghastly shuddering years;Though the green Earth weep unshaven,And the thick mildew blast the Sun—Still shall all, save Man and Heaven,Pass and perish, one by one.        

 Spring is coming! Spring is coming!Don't you hear her in the rills,Tripping gayly o'er the valley,Flying o'er the sunny hills?Nature leaps to meet her coming,With her teeming, babbling throng;Gladsome Spring! with joy we greet thee,With a cheerful voice of song.        Spring is coming! Spring is coming!She is in the Southern breeze;Merrily the birds are singingMatins in the forest trees.Modest violets are springingFrom the gladsome earth the while,And the butter-cupe and daisiesGreet her with a lever's smile.        spring is coming! Spring is coming!Tiny leaflets venture out;Torrents, that for months have slumbered,Hasten seaward, with a shout.Wanton breezes kits the flowers,Butterflies are on the wing,Birds hare set the day to marry,And invited guests to sing.        Spring is coming! Spring is coming!Joyous beats the pulse of life;Weary ones, almost desponding,Start anew to meet the strife.Nature's bosom throbs with pleasure;spring has sot the captive free;Earth, with all bar teaming millions,Chaunts the song of jubilee!        

 From a cross neighbor and a sullen wife,A pointless needle and a broken knife;From surety ship, sad from an empty purse,A smoking chimney and a jolting horse;From a dull razor and an aching bead;From a bad conscience and a buggy bed;A blow upon an elbow and a knee—From each of these may I continue free.        

 HAMPTON, (N.H.) April 16, 1857. AMPTON MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON In the last twenty-five years, the question has oftenbeen asked, Can the Slave Power of this nation besubdued, and the slaves gain their freedom in anyother way than by a bloody revolution? Variousconjectures have been raised, and foreboding fearsentertained by those who sympathized with theslave, and many who entertained no special sympathyfor the colored bondman could not escape theconviction that crimes of each magnitude as the treacheryand oppression of this nation must inevitably bevisited with a righteous retribution. Alarmed, they have tried to calculate the probabilitiesor possibilities of escape. The answer to theirinquiries is to be found in the fearful developmentsof the Slave Power, and the disposition of the peopleto resist or submit to it. A remnant, whose eyes are anointed to are theheavens opened with the throne of God in the midst,and the angels standing round about the throne, haveaccepted their mission, sounded their trumpets, and,with the sharp two-edged sword, have aimed a deadlywound at the beast. Others have sought to avoid impending rain by thepower of the ballot-box. They see that slavery is ofthe devil, and that Christ to in the Anti-Slaverymovement; therefore they would come and take himby force, and make him king; they would fain inauguratehim President of the United States, secure ananti-slavery government and administration; thenslavery would be abolished, and liberty protected bylaw. But do they understand that this is not themanner of Christ's kingdom? Admitting, as many claim, that this is the bestgovernment that the world has ever yet seen, itspalpable defects indicate the necessity for a better;its history has been marked with treachery and bloodfrom its earliest day. It was born in blood. Professedlya Christian government, for its emblem ittook not the helpless lamb, but a bird of prey; andthe first scream of the young eaglet was for blond;and its young ones hare gorged and fattened uponthe blood of the Indians, the Africans and the Mexicans,and now she elenches her talons and thrusts herbeak into her own free-born subjects in Kansas. But the question still forces itself upon us. Isthere no way of escape from the thraldom of slaverybut through bloodshed? To me it seems not, forthis reason: Christ, or 'Peace on earth, good will tomen,' is the life-giving element of the anti-slavery effort;consequently, the conflict is between Christ andthe powers of darkness. In this warfare, Truth aloneis the all-conquering weapon. Christ bear witness:to the truth, sealing it with his own blood: to conquer,he dies. Eighteen hundred years ago, he dwelton earth in the form of a man, preached the gospel tothe poor, liberty to the captive, rebuked the pharisaicalprofessors, closed up the old dispensation, and introducedthe new. He came to his own people, whohad long been looking for him, and they knew himnot, but rejected him, and delivered him up to die;but, dying, he conquered; for he rose triumphant. So now in the nineteenth century he makes his adventhere, not in the form of an individual, but in theform of Humanity in the cause of the crashed, bleedingslave. He has come to his own professed people,but they know him not; he is born in our midst,and angels sing at his birth, but Herod seeks to beheadhim; he preaches the gospel of the kingdomof God, peace and good will, but he to rejected of thechief priests and rulers, and he must suffer manythings, and be delivered into the hands of the Gentilesto be crucified between two thieves, the Church andthe State. Let the abolitionists, those who are laboring for theliberation of the enslaved and the redemption of theworld, understand this, that Christ whom they preachmust suffer many things of this generation, and be crucified.He says, Behold, I have told yon beforehand.Let the disciples understand, lest when it comes to peastheir hearts should be overwhelmed with sorrow, thatit is crucifixion first, then a triumphant resurrection—'martyrdom to-day, victory to-morrow.' The decision of the Supreme Court looks very muchlike Christ being delivered up to Pilate. Pilate, uponexamination, can find no fault in him; would perhapslike to set him free; but will he release him?Nay; the people will cry, 'Not this man, but Barabes.'Where there is a Christ on earth, there will byfixed laws be a Herod, a Judas, a Pilate; therefore letnot the disciples be discouraged when darkness coversthe whole land, and the rocks rend, and the mountainsquake; for Christ shall rise again. But in that dark hour, 'the disciples forsook himand fled.' Will it be so now? We trust there willbe found a few women standing by the cross to embalmthe body, see where it is laid, watch the sepulcher,and announce the resurrection. women ONE OF THEM. Two days after the above was written, THE LIBERATONof Jan.9 and 16, to which then I did not have access,was put into my hand, and in the report of theAnti-Slavery Festival, my attention was arrested byincidents corroborative of the views here expressed.The report says, that you 'read a printed card of 1837,'giving notice that 'meetings [of the Anti-Slavery Society]will be held over the stable,' c. Christ ofthe nineteenth century, and Christ of Judea, bothborn in a stable! Reading the history of the Anti-Slaverymovement, how can we fail to see that now, asreally as then, Herod sought the young child to destroyhim? HE IBERATON stable  The analogy between the Christ of the Present andthe Past to so close, that it to marvallous that thosewho entertain a profound reverence for the Bibleshould not see it; that they should fail to discover thatthe same causes now will produce the same results asanciently, that the same Crimes will be visited withsimilar retribution. It would be very gratifying totake a more cheering view of the prospects of thisnation; but she has shad the blood of prophets andsaints, and the prediction is, 'Blood shall be given herto drink, for she is worthy.' Some of the anti-slavery friends have labored ealouslywith the Church, and have been ready to pronounceit an incorrigible sinner. But there is hopein the end for the Church. When Christ hangs onthe cross between two malefactors, Church and State,one will revilingly say, 'If thou be Christ, save thyselfand us'; but the Church, hanging on the crossby the side of her crucified Lord, humbled, will say,'Lard, remember me when thou comet into thy kingdom.'The cruel soldiers will break the legs of boththe malefactors, and she, a penitent cripple, will enterParadise while the State will go to its own place.  ONE. 

 DEAR GARRISON: Our esteemed friend, LUCY N.COLEMAN, in her article in THE LIBERATOR ofApril17, seems to think the Spiritualists of Waukegan, andother places, to be in possession of an undue amountof heat, being in n hot-bed. Pro-slavery men andwomen stigmatize all true abolitionists as being ina hot-bod of fanaticism; but, from my stand-point, Icannot discover any unnatural heat about either. Inmy View, it to but natural warmth which life impartsto all who are net too one-aided to investigate thosesubjects which so deeply affect our entire being. IfLucy, or any other uncompromising Abolitionist, willhave the goodness to call at this place on errands oflove for the slave, they will find that all true Spiritualistsare the slaves best friend; and should anything short of the broadest humanity and brotherhood,they would by us be truanted as 'blind leaders of thelind.' EAR ARRISON UCY OLEMAN HE IBERATOR D.N. BROWN. 

 All our readers are aware that the 'Advocate'has never been the organ of any particular sect, society,party, or movement. It probably never willbe; nor the special defender of any of the distinguishedchampions of what is technically knows at'Woman's Rights.' We have our own views onthese subjects, and as fully appreciate any movementthat has for its object the battering of thecondition of women, or any other class of individuals,whose whole treatment looks, at the presenttime, at if society had formed one grand and generalconspiracy against them. In a recent number,we called particular attention to the manner inwhich the law and custom often placed the femaledescendants of Eve and the descendants of Africaunder the ban of proscription and servitude. Notonly are women looked upon as inferior to man, bythe savage tribes of the world, and by the semi-savageportion of civilized countries; but they aretreated in this way by a large portion of the religiouspress of the country, and the religious teachersgenerally. We believe this to be false teaching. We are out of the pale of the 'woman's rights'movement, by the edicts of their champions; butwe, nevertheless, have great respect for many oftheir proposed reforms, and their efforts to carrythem out. We have great distrust of any man,whether religion covers him as a garment, or hisclamoring disregard of everything sacred proveshim of vulgar and coarse texture, who will takeevery occasion to revile and belittle the worth ofwomen. We alike despise the dignitary of thechurch, who writes or preaches long homilies toprove that woman should be a subject instead of anequal, and the low grog-shop vulgar man, who hasno word, except that of derision and abuse for hismother, sisters, or wife. Indeed, the ideas of thebar-room philosopher have been, as a general thing,handed down from the church, when he, in hisyoung and innocent days, had been taught to lookupon woman as an inferior. We despise the man,whether in the pulpit, the play-house, or the pothouse,who bears false witness against his neighbor,and thereby breaks a plain commandment of thedecalogue, and of reason and common honesty. We have been lod to this train of thought bylooking over the last number of the Christian Observer,a religious (Presbyterian) paper of this city.It contains one of a series of letters to Rev. AlbertBarnes, wherein a new and novel interpretation isattempted to be given to the golden rule, for thepurpose of proving the divinity of slavery and polygamy,(which always accompany each other,)and the divine right of man to rule over and bringinto servitude that other despised class—women.The writer is a Rev. Dr. Ross; and we will giveour readers a specimen of what he says of LucyStone. Here it is:— Christian Observer This woman, everybody knows, was married sometime since, after a fashion—that is to say—protesting,publicly, against all laws of wedlock, and enteringinto the relation, so long only as she, or her husband,might continue pleased therewith.' Every reader who remembers the protest of Mr.Blackwell and Lucy, knows that this is most emphatically'bearing false witness against his neighbor.'It is simply false in one part, and false, byimplication, in another. In the first place, the marriage,'after a fashion,' was not after the 'fashion'of Dr. Ross, but it was as legally binding, as legally'fashionable,' as if she had hired Rev. Dr. Ross, orthe editor of the Observer, and half a dozen otherbelievers in the natural inferiority of women, to performthe ceremony. Is it possible that then can bea lingering jealousy at the loss of fees in such acase? Observer As to the protest, we thought it rather a unlessthing, to say the least of it; but it is nottrue that she protested 'against all the laws ofwedlock.' It is not true that she protestedagainst perpetual marriage. They mutually protestedagainst the laws that merged the right ofproperty—the right of personal identity, and nearlyevery other right, into that of the husband—a protest,it may be, we think was, useless, but certainlyone which should not lead a grave doctor of divinityto utter falsehoods. If Lucy cannot be met by fairargument, let our clerical friends be, at least, gallantenough to acknowledge it, and retire withoutmisrepresentation and slander. But, in followingMr. Ross's queer fancies, we obtain the key to thisobliquity of vision. He has a point to gain—atheory to substantiate. He represents Lucy Stone(we believe she still insists on the name) as recliningon a sofa, after having given Mr. Blackwell his billof divorce. Moses (we bops the Dr. don't believein the re-appearance of spirits,) appears to her, andsays:— Woman, hast thou ears? Hear. I, by authorityof God, ordained that the men should rule over thee.I placed thee, and children, and men-servants, andmaid-servants, under the same law of subjection tothe government ordained of God in the family—theState. I, for a time, sanctioned polygamy, and made itright. I, for the hardness of men's hearts, allowedthem, and made it right, to give their wives a bill ofdivorcement. Woman, hear! Paul, having the samespirit of God, confirms my word. He commandswives and children, and servants, after this manner:—"Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands,as it is fit in the Lord; children, obey your parents inall things, for this is well-pleasing unto the Lord;servants, obey in all things your masters according tothe flesh; not with eye-service, as men-pleasers; butin singleness of heart, fearing God." Woman, Paulmakes that rule the same—and that submission thesame.' men should rule over thee. I, for a time, sanctioned polygamy, and made itright. wives that rule the same—and that submission We have not time nor disposition to bandy textswith the Doctor, for we know their unending varietywhen in the hands of a man who wants tomake 'the name of God fence about all crimes withholiness.' We only wish to call attention to thefact, that he is quoting texts to prove the state ofservitude of women. We don't know why the Mosaiclaw, allowing polygamy, is not now in as fullforce as the law allowing the enslaving of womenand negroes. He does, perhaps. He Now, for the other proscribed class. In regardto fugitive slaves, he makes an 'angel of the Lord'appear and say:— 'Ye slaves, return onto your masters, and submityourselves unto their hands. I sent your father, andI send you, into bondage. I mean it unto good, andI will bring it to pass—to save much people alive.'—Then, turning to the tempter, he says: 'Thou, astatesman! thou, a reader of my Word and Providence!why hast thou not understood my speech toHagar? I gave her, a slave, to Sarah. She fied fromher mistress. I sent her back. Why hast thou not understoodmy word, four thousand years ago—that theslave shall not free from his master?' theslave shall not free from his master He makes Paul appear to Rev. Albert Barnes, andtalk in this wise:— 'Why hast thou called in question the fact thatPhilemon was a slaveholder? Why hast thou taughtthat if he was a slaveholder when he become a Christian,he could not continue, consistently, to be a slave-ownerand a Christian—that if he did so continue, hewould not be in good standing, but an offender in theChurch?' continue, consistently continue good standing offender We have quoted enough to show what Mr. Ross isaiming at; he wants to prove the divine right ofeverything in society, as it is now, especially thedivine right of white men to 'make slaves of womenand 'niggers.' If he does not give theMormons a strong argument for polygamy, we angreatly mistaken. We really regret that such thingsfind their way into religious papers; but, as no politicalone would risk its reputation by admittingthem, they must look somewhere else for a kindlyreception. as it is now 

 It happens to few communities, in these days, tohave 'the pure milk of the word' dealt to themfrom the sacred desk, unadulterated with 'the wisdomof the world.' The good people of the neighboringtowns of Sanbornton and Northfield belongto the happy exception. A reliable correspondentsends us the following as a veritable, verbatim extractfrom a Fast Day sermon, delivered at SanborntonBridge, by a Methodist clergyman named Currier,on the second day of April, in the year of ourLord one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven!We commend a special perusal of its liberal and enhightenedsentiments to all like-minded Christianswherever scattered abroad. Here is the extract:— 'I have taken particular pains to see with whatkind of reading the families wan supplied where Ihave visited, both in Sanbornton and Northfield.And I find on the parlor table, when should be seensuch books as Pilgrim's Program, Baxter's Saints'Rest, Calf to the Unconverted, c., such books asShakers and Mrs. 's works.  Shakers and Mrs. 's works.   And in the sitting room where the reading ismore common, instead of the Bible, Zion's Herald,or the Christian Advocate and Journal, are seen theN.Y. Tribune, the Independent Democrat, and theOlive Branch, the worst of all. Tribune, the Independent Democrat Olive Branch Whole your children are furnished with such reading,it is no wonder that your orchards are robbed, andall manner of nightly depredations are committed. Whole your children are furnished with such reading,it is no wonder that your orchards are robbed, andall manner of nightly depredations are committed. We have not the happiness of knowing this veryreverend gentleman, whose philosophical mind hasthus philosophically dived into the maelstrom ofevil, and brought up from its half fabulous depthsthe seminal deposits whence germinate the two greatevils of our day and generation—'orchard-robbing'and 'nightly depredations.' Fortunate man! Thething to see and understand which, the 'Prophets and kings have waited long,And died without the sight—'  hath been graciously vouchsafed to you. What shallbe done with the N.Y. Tribune, independent Democratand Olive Branch, after this discovery of thedevout Mr. Currier, we cannot tell. Perhaps it isnot of much consequence. But as for Mr. Shakespeareand Mrs. Sigourney, we do hope they will bespared one year longer; if haply they may repentof their evil influence, and do works meet for repentance.Will Mr. Currier be so kind as to pray that,above all, the gigantic sin of 'orchard robbing' benot laid to their charge? Tribune, independent Democrat Olive Branch 

 The case of Rev. Mr. Kalloch has terminated aswas anticipated, in the jury failing to agree upon averdict. They stood eight for acquittal, to four forconviction, and the case now stands appealed to thebar of public opinion. public opinion. Individual opinion will be formed upon the guiltor innocence of Mr. Kalloch, and the public mindwill be divided. But the legitimate ocu of publicopinion in this case is to decide whether Mr. Kallochis left by the trial in such a position that hecan again occupy his pulpit, and be recognized as aguide to the church in religion and morality. Todecide this, b to pan on the weight of presumptiveevidence in favor of his guilt or innocence. For ourown part, we do not hesitate to say, that while theprevious high character of Mr. Kalloch has left inour mind a doubt which we would gladly cherish,the evidence of guilt is too weighty to be flippantlyset aside or lightly regarded. Against any otherman in the community but a minister of the gospel,or one whose social position and purity of characterwould almost preclude the belief that be could beguilty of such a crime, the evidence would havebeen considered conclusive. The fact that Mr. Kallochwent to the Lechmere House in the first instance,at least an hour before the lecture commenced,to read a lecture which he bad repeatedlydelivered; his declining an invitation to take teawith the Rev. Mr. Holland, and ordering a fire builtin a private room, when he must have known thatwith the temperature below zero out of doors, theroom would not be warned before the time to leavefor the lecture room; the fact that after being showninto a bedroom with a lady not his wife, the improprietyof occupying such a room did not force itselfupon his mind, and at least prevent them from returningto it after the lecture; the further fact thathe did return to that bedroom, notwithstanding hehad told Mr. Holland that be was in a hurry to gethome, and when be was within twenty minutesdrive of his own house, coupled with the acknowledgmentthat he, a prominent advocate of temperance,violated his professions by drinking at a publicbar;—all these facts, which are not denied, form astrong chain of circumstantial evidence to sustainthe direct and positive proof of guilt. We must addto these circumstances another which cannot but"have great weight, and that is, that no affidavit wasoffered from the lady who was implicated with Mr.Kalloch, and who of all others was the most importantwitness. These an some of the prominentpoints in the presumptive evidence. We need notreview the direct and positive testimony. It was inthe main clear and consistent with itself, and withthe circumstances of the visit of Mr. Kalloch to theLechmere House. It was not shaken in any essentialparticular. The reputation of the witnesses fortruth and veracity was not impeached.  In the face of this conflicting evidence, we wouldgladly believe Mr. Kalloch to be innocent, althoughto do so would ignore circumstantial evidence, themain points of which are admitted, of the strongestpossible character. The belief in his guilt, we maysafely say, is more general since the trial than before,and nothing out evidence of innocence of apositive character can now remove from the mindsof many whose opinions an worthy of respect, theunfavorable impression which has been made by theevidence. Under such circumstances, Mr. Kallochought to withdraw entirely from the ministry. Personalfriends may rally around him, and a very largeportion, perhaps a majority of the public, may stillregard him as innocent. But his influence as a ministercannot be revived, unless this dark cloud isscattered. His presence in the pulpit would be acontinued reproach to the cause of religion. Theinterests of the church and the good of society imperativelydemand his withdrawal, while such a stepwould be no concession of guilt. We trust that noinjudicious counsels will be suffered to outweigh thedictates of propriety and discretion. It is not to be denied, that one circumstance inconnection with his visit to the public house hascast suspicion into many minds that, but for it,would have pronounced him guiltless. By his ownadmission, at a hotel of whose character and occupantshe knew nothing, he called for and drank intoxicatingliquors. He had been widely known as atemperance man, and an advocate of very strenuousmeasures for the suppression of the liquor traffic.And for such a man to call for whiskey, except underthe extremest necessity, in such a place, is somethingmore than an impropriety. We are notamong those who believe that liquors are never necessary.With all our abhorrence of them as a beverage,we yet accept the common sentiment, that insome cases they are useful, if not indispensable. Weshall not condemn Mr. Kalloch for their proper use,if he were a sick man. But it is to be consideredupon what errand Mr. K. went to East Cambridge,and to many other places in our own and otherStates. It was on an extra professional service. Healleges, and this is the only excuse for the act, thathe needed stimulus to sustain him. But why performthose extra duties—why journey to distantplaces, even at earnest solicitations, to gin addresseswhich his position as a pastor did not compelhim to give, if he were constrained to gain strengthfor these extra duties by frequent application to thestimulating cup? It would have been for better forhim to abandon the whiskey and the lectures together,and in his feebleness, limit himself to hiswonted duties. This single act has jeoparded his whole case. Ithas left him under suspicion, when otherwise hewould have gone clear, and that single act in oarestimation demands something more in the way ofapology and confession than we have yet seen fromMr. Kalloch. And especially is this so, if the callfor such drinks in the house in Cambridge was notthe only or the first call of the kind. We believethen, Mr. K. to be innocent of the great charge,while at the same time, we grieve over and reprobatethis unfortunate and admitted act. It will injure,if not entirely mar his influence as a publiclecturer on temperance, unless by ample confessionand repentance he restore himself again to publicconfidence.—Manic Temperance Journal. Manic Temperance Journal. We sincerely regret the determination that Rev.I.S. Kalloch has announced, of remaining in theChristian Ministry. It is true that the jury thattried the question of his guilt has not convictedhim, but it is no less true that there are serious,weighty doubts of his innocence in the minds ofmany, and, so far as we can learn, in the minds ofthe most and the best people of the community;and any man who occupies a Christian Pulpit ownssomething to the deep-seated convictions of the peoplearound him. For one we are free to say, that so faras we are enlightened on the evidence elicited, weshould not have been willing to convict him, had Webeen a juror, and yet, the balance of probabilitiesseems in our mind decidedly against him; and thisis the condition of mind in which most of the peopleare, with whom we have convened on the subject.Now a minister has no moral right to disregard theconvictions of the community around him. Whenthe better portion of the public regard a minister asan immod man, he owes it to the chosen he profaesto love, to Christianity, and to the ministry, notto embarrass them with his disabilities.   In the case of Mr. Kalloch, we an willing to go sofar as to set aside the whole matter of the main chargeagainst him, and then we believe it his duty to vacatethe Pulpit. G that he is innt of theprincipal charge, and we say that the acts he confesseshe committed evince a recklessness, a moralstatus that lenders him wait for his post—and asthese things are made public, the whole ministryand the church are made mearably responsible.    For Mr. Kalloch to brave public opinion in sucha way as to retain his position, and for his churchto endorse him, in defiance of public opinion, is to inflictwound on his denomination especially, but onthe Church, and the ministry generally. If thereforehe is conscious of innocence of the chief accusationagainst him, when he soo, as he must, that hiscourse is calculated to injure others so much, heshould withdraw himself. Suppose he had met withan accident, that had so affected his vocal organs thathe stuttered in the most ludicrous manner imaginable.He might argue that he had ban guilty of nocrime, and therefore should continue to preach. Ifhe could find a congregation, it would not alter thefact that, as his labors would be inefficient if notworse, be had better seek some other sphere. So,though he may be innocent of the wicked act withwhich he is charged, he ought to leave the pulpit,especially as so many really think him guilty.  We make these observations from no preconceivedprejudices. Previously to the trial, we felt sure ofhis innocence, and we would now gladly feel that heis innocent. We have, we hope, none of that miserablefanaticism that exults over the fall of a prominentmember of another sect. We sympathizeardently with the moral position that Mr. Kallochtheoretically occupied, and we lament with far moreof sorrow than of anger over the stab his recreancyhas dealt the cause of Temperance, especially.Already a popular alcoholic mixture appropriatelybears his name, and the activity of his whole lifecannot atone for the evil his had example has caused.In view of all this we say, what we should say toour own brother or dearest friend—what we prayour dearest friend may say to us if from any causewe should ever occupy a similar position. 'Do notsaddle your misfortunes—if you have not been guiltyof crimes—on the church, or the ministry. Sufferlike a man the just penalty of your indiscretion andfolly—if not wickedness—and leave the place youhave stained by your imprudence, if you have notdisgraced it by your depravity.—Gospel Banner. Gospel Banner. What is the duty of a clergyman charged withcrime, and not wholly acquitted by public sentiment,in relation to continuing in his clerical office?'There can be no doubt,' says a correspondent,'that such an one can be more useful in some othervocation. It is not enough that "he who ministersand serves the altar" is innocent before hisMaker; the sanctity of his office demands that, likeCaesar's wife, he should he free from the least taintof suspicion; otherwise his gown is degraded, andhis ministry is made the occasion of scuffling and infidelity.'Many good men, who have been unfortunatelythe subjects of public scandal, have voluntarilychosen to retire from their pastoral work, thatthe church might not needlessly suffer with themselves.And the church has often taken the sameview of the matter. The case of the Rev. E.K.Avery, a Methodist minister, who was charged withmurder, is a case in point. In this case, there wasnot merely a majority of the jury in favor of acquittingthe respondent, but be was fully acquitted, and,indeed, eight of the twelve found (informally) thatthe deceased committed suicide. Yet the church,after again trying the case in ecclesiastical council,and finding the respondent innocent, forbade himto continue in his clerical office. It cannot bedoubted that the interdiction was wise, and in accordancewith the interests of religion.—Boston Post. Boston Post. Mr. Kalloch and his friends have not made themselvesso supremely ridiculous since the story of hisLochmere spree came before the public, as they madethemselves last Wednesday evening. That eveningwas selected for a donation party, in aid andhonor of the whiskey-drinking priest; and the party'came off' according to arrangements. The friendsmet at the Temple, and it was crowded with fashionablesof both sexes. Mr. Kalloch made a speech—and a prayer. And the young ladies sang 'mostbeautifully.' While the 'conquering hero' wasspeaking, some smiled, and some cried, and tears,and rouge, and ringlets, and pearly teeth, and captivatingleers, were admirably mixed up. The speechitself, was just such a speech as we should have expectedfrom an acquitted and triumphant 'shortboy' in his club room, only it was decked out insuch flowery language as the 'short boys' are notmasters of. There was no humility in it. Therewas nothing in it to assure the bearer that thespeaker felt for the holy cause which had sufferedthrough his indiscretion. He called the occasionone of the runny sides of his life, and felt only likecelebrating his victory. He thanked his church andall the people for rallying around him so promptly,and making a lion of him. He did not believe, hesaid, in wearing a long face, nor in grieving overthe disaster which had happened to the religion heprofessed. He preferred cheerfulness, and hilarity,and rejoicing. The congregation seemed to concurwith him; and as a clincher to their endorsement,they gave him about one thousand dollars, andhanded him a great many perfumed notes in embossedenvelopes. For all of which the hero wasvery thankful.—Providence Post. runny sides very Providence Post. ☞The Dedham Gazette says:— Gazette We do not deem it advisable to express an opinionas to the guilt or innocence of Mr. K. That therewill be differences of opinion on that point, is expected;this was manifested in the course taken by thejury. But we may say that we question the proprietyof the course taken by the gentleman in resumingministerial duties, especially at the present time.—Though that is a matter which more particularly concernshim and his society, than the great public, stillwhen one sets himself up as a teacher of morality andvirtue, the public have a right to inquire whether theindividual is suitable for the position, baa the requisitedwhich are essential to make his instructions available,and whether he exemplifies in his life his ownteachings; where there is a doubt on those points,they may question the propriety of his retaining thatposition. It is thus in the case of Mr. Kalloch, andwe therefore think for the real interests of the cause,that he owes it to that canes, even if innocent, thatfor a time at least, he should cease from his publicministrations as a preacher of religion. Others maythink differently, but such at present it our view ofthe matter. ☞The Boston Pilot says:— The undisputed, the unquestioned facts are, thatMr. Kalloch went over to East Cambridge, by appointment,to deliver a lecture; that he took withhim a Mrs. Laura Stain, a married lady from Vermont;that before proceeding to the place appointed,he stopped with the lady at the Lechmere House, andtook a room; that he returned to the LechmereHouse, with the lady, after delivering his lecture, andre-occupied the room towards an hour; that althoughhe was in the habit of lecturing on temperance, hecalled for a glass of whiskey before he went to thelecture, and another before he finally left the hotel;and that he paid five dollars for the accommodationhe had had, without demurring to the extortionatecharge. It was as much as would have been chargedto a gentleman and his wife at a first-class hotel inBoston, far a stay of twenty-four hours; aid he hadtravelled about enough to have learned the rates ofhotel charges. This is the ugly index fact in the case;for in its absence, he might have laughed to scorn thetestimony which more nearly touched the corpusdelieti. The extortion proved, too, that the idea ofinputing guilt to him was not an afterthought. It wasso close upon the alleged offence as almost to form apart of the res gesta. Thus we find him a preacherof total abstinence, and practicing with whiskey potations;and paying without demur a quadruple pricefor the use of the room, in company with anotherman's wife. We may despise the three main witnessesagainst him as much as we please, but we cannotoverlook these facts, which do not rest on their testimonyalone. As to the other foots stated by thesewitnesses, including conversations they declare to haveheard, in keeping to what they swear to having seen,they would undoubtedly have made out the case, ifbelieved. That at least four of the jury should havebelieved them is no matter of wonder, from the startingpoint of the whiskey and quiet submission to extortion. corpusdelieti. res gesta. 

 SALE OF NEGROES. At the sale of negroes byCompton &Co. on Saturday last, the followingPrices were realized:—Louisa, 19 years old, brought$984; Jack, 26 years old, Milly, 23 years old, andchild, two years old, $1950; Elisha, 15 rears old,$850.50; Isaac, 32, his wife Maria, 23, and twochildren, eight and three years, $2500. The Intelligencergives the average prices of another lot ofnegroes, 15 in number, belonging to the estate ofM. Duval, deceased, and sold by Finnin &Carr at$715.33.—Texas Times. ALE EGROES. Intelligencer Texas Times. ☞Elihu Burritt will see that he has missed a figurein his estimated value of the slave population. 

 OPERATE by their powerful influence on the intervalvin to purify the blood and stimulate it healthy action. They remove the obstructions of thestomach, bowels, liver, and other organs of the body,and, by restoring their irregular action to health, cur rest,wherever they exist, such derangements as are the firstcause of disease. An extensive trial of their ,by Professors, Physicians, and Patients, has shows not substantiated by persons of such exalted positionand character as to forbid the suspicion of .Their certificates are published in my American Almostwhich the Agents below named are phased to free to all inquiring. PERATE       Annexed we give Directions for their use in the complaintswhich they have been found to care. Directions FOR CCOSTIVENRES.—Take one or two , or suchquantity as to gently movable . Contrivances isfrequently the aggravating cause of PILES, and the of one complaint is the cure of both. No person canfeel well while under a costive habit of body. Hence itshould be, as it can be, promptly relieved. OR COSTIVENRES.   ILES  FOR DYEPERSIA, which is sometimes the cause ofCostiveness, and always uncomfortable, take mild d—from one to four—to stimulate the church andliver into healthy action. They will do it, and theheartburn, body burn, and soul burn of dy will rapidlydisappear. When it is goes, don't target what you. OR YEPERSIA Costiveness  heartburn, body burn, and soul burn of dy   FOR A FOUL STOMACH, or Morbid Insertion of the ,which produces general depression of the spirits andbad health, take from four to eight Pills at first, andsmaller doses afterwards, until activity and strength arerestored to the system. OR OUL TOMACH  FOR NERVOUSNESS, SICH HEADACURE, NVERA, Painin the Stomach, Back, or Side, take from four to eightpills on going to bed. If they do not operate sufficiently,take more the next day until they do. Those complaintswill be swept out from the system. Don't these and their kindred disorders become your stomachin foul. OR ERVOUSNESS ICH EADACURE VERA Stomach, Back, or Side,  FOR SCROPCLA, ERYSIPELAS, and all  of theSkin, take the Pills freely and frequently, to keep thebowels upon. The  will generally seen begin todiminish and disappear. Many dreadful  and have been healed up by the purging and purifying effectof these Pills, and some disgusting diseases, which seemedto saturate the whole system, have completely yielded totheir influence, leaving the sufferer in perfect .Patients! your duty to society forbids that you shouldparada yourself around the world covered with pimplesblotches, ulcers, sores, and all or any of the uncleandiseases of the skin, became your system wantscleaning. OR CROPCLA RYSIPELAS      To PURITY THE BLOOD, they are the best ever discovered. They should be taken free and frequently,and the impurities which sow the seeds of rablediseases will be swept out of the system like chaffbefore the wind. By this property they do as much goodin preventing sickness as by the remarkable kures whichthey are making every where. URITY LOOD   LIVER COMPLAINT, JAUNDIER, and all Dtionarise from some derangement—either torpidity,congestion, or obstructions of the Liver. Tesand congestion vitiate the bile and reader it asks fordigestion. This is disastrous in the health, and the constitutionis frequently undermined by no other cause.Indigestion is the symptom. Obstruction of the duetwhich empties the bile into the stomach cusses the bileto overflow into the blood. This produces Jaundices,with a long and dangerous train of evils. Cou,or, alternately, costiveness and diarrhea, prevails. Feverink symptoms, languor, low spirits, wea, ,and melancholy, with sometimes inability to sleep, andsometimes great drowsiness; sometimes there is wopain in the side; the skin and the white of the eyes becomea greenish yellow: the stomach acid; the levelssore to the touch; the whole system irritable, with a tradencyto fever, which may turn to bilious fever, ,bilious diarrhea, dysentery, &. A medium dose of threeor four pills taken at night, followed by two or three inthe morning, and repeated a few days, will remove thecause of all these troubles. It is wicked to suffer suchpains when you can cure them for 25cents. IVER OMPLAINT AUNDIER        RHBUMATION, GOVT, and all Informatory Fours arerapidly cured by the purifying effects of these Pills uponthe blood and the stimulus which they afford to the vitalprinciple of Life. For these and all kindred complaintsthey should be taken in mild doses, to move the bowelsgently, but freely. HBUMATION and all Informatory Fours are As a DINNER PILL, this is both agreeable and .No pill can be made more effectual to the purpose forwhich a dinner pill is employed. INNER ILL  PREPARED BY J.C. AYER,Practical and Analytical C,.LOWELL, MASS.,  AND SOKD BY THEODORE METCALF &CO.,Boston; Boston BREWERR, STEVENS &USHINE, Boston; Boston BROWN &PRICE, Salem; Salem H.H. HAY, Portland; Portland J.N. MORTON &CO., Concord, N.H.; Concord, N.H. And by Druggists and Declare in Medicine everywhere. D12   

 PRESIDENT J.H. EATON, L.I.D., Union University, Murfr, T, Union University   Says: 'Notwithstanding the irregular use of Mrs.S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer, &. the fallingoff of hair sed, and my  locks were rewarded totheir original color.' irregular use fallingoff of hair sed, and my  locks were rewarded totheir original color.   REV.M. THACHER (60 years of ago), Pitcher,Chenango Co, N.Y. 'My hair is now restored to itsnatural color, and ceases to fall off.' REV. WM. CUTTER, Ed. Mother's, N.Y. 'My hair is changed to its natural color &r.'  REV. B.P. STONE. D.D., Concord, N. H, 'Myhair which was grey, is now restored to its naturalcolor, &.' REV. D. CLENDENIX, Chicago, Ill. 'I ca didmy testimony, and recommend it to my friends.' REV. D.T. WOOD, Middletown, N.Y. 'My ownhair has greatly thickened, also that of one of myfamily who was becoming bald.' REV. J.P. TUSTIN, Charleston, S.C. 'Thewhite hair is becoming obviated, and new hair forming,&.' REV. A. FRINK, Silver Creek, N.Y. 'It hasproduced a good effect on my hair, and I can and haverecommended it.' REV. A. BLANCHARD, Meriden, N.H. 'WeThink very highly of your preparations, &.' REV. B.C. MITH, Prattsburgh, N.Y. 'I wasSurprised to find my grey hair turn as when I wasYoung.' REV. JOS. McKEE, Pastor of the West D. .Church, N.Y. REV. D. MORRIS, Cro,N.Y. MRS. REV. H.A. PRATT, Hde N.Y.    ☞We might swell this list, but if not convied,  TRY IT. MRS. S.A. ALLE'S ZYLOBALSAMUM. Or World's Hair Dressing, is  to use with theRestorer, and if the best Hair Dressing for old oryoung extant, being often efficacious in cases of hairfalling, &. without the Restorer.  Grey haired, Bald, or persons afflicted with of the hair or scalp, read the above, and judge of  MRS. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER. It does not soil or stain. Sold by all the principalwholesale and retail merchants in the United States,Cuba, or Canada. It does not soil or stain. DEPOT, 355 BROOME-STREET, New-York. ☞Some dealer, try to sell article instead of this,on which they make more profit. Write to Det forcircular and information.  Wholesale Agents. Boston—ORLAND TM271 Washington Street. Madam D, 236 BUR FOSTER &Co. GEO. C. GOODWIN. Wholesale Agents. RLAND  M      UR  OSTER EO. OODWIN. March 27 6m 

 WHAT were essential to every family, room, student, and indeed every one who wouldknow the right use of language—the meaning, orthography,and pronunciation of words, than a goodEnglish 'DICTIONARY'—of daily necessity andpermanent value.  WEBSTER'S UNABRIDGED is now the recognized Standard, 'constantly cited andrelied on in our Courts of Justice, in our legislativebodies, and in public discussions, as entirely conclusive,'says Hon. JOHN C. SPENCER. OHN PENCER. Can I Make a Better ? Can I Make a Better ?  'For copiousness, exactitude of definition and adaptednessto the present state of science and literature,the most valuable work of the kind that I have everseen in our language.'—Pros. Wayland. Pros. Wayland. Published by G. &C. Merria, Springfield, Mass,Sold by all booksellers.  April 10. 

