 ☞E.H. HEYWOOD, at the request of friends ofthe cause, will hold himself in readiness to speak forthe slave as opportunities may be presented. He haspermission to refer to Mrs. HARRIET BEECHER STOWEof Andover, Mass., WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq., of Boston,and Rev. Dr. CHEEVER of New York. His postaladdress, for the present, will be Hubbardston,Mass. EYWOOD ARRIET EECHER TOWE ENDELL HILLIPS HEEVER To relieve himself of a debt incurred in pursuinghis studies, Mr. H. will be glad to speak before Lyceums,if occasion is offered. His subject for thecoming winter will be, Individualism and Institutionalism.Mr. H. ranks among the most promising ofthe graduates of Brown University. Individualism and Institutionalism. 

 DEAR SIR: EAR IR I have just examined the report of the proceedingsof the Convention of Colored citizens, on the anniversaryof West India Emancipation. With all my admirationfor your talents and independence, and earnestand honest zeal as a reformer, I must, nevertheless,take exceptions to some of your positions. In the first place, I am opposed to meetings, or conventionsor organizations of colored people exclusively.You repudiate schools of caste, as rightly youshould; but now tell me if conventions of caste havenot also a tendency to foster the spirit of caste? In the second place, I dislike, as tending not onlyto foster the spirit of caste, but to alienate the sympathiesof the whites, your talk about the colored peoplestanding alone, and relying upon themselves in workingout their deliverance from the various forms ofoppression under this government. Do not the coloredpeople of the North owe their present position insome measure, at least, to the efforts of the philanthropyof your white brethren? Why, then, seekto cast off their aid at this juncture? Very true,friend Remond, you should encourage your people tobe more self-reliant. Generally, they need more independenceof character: but there is an opposite extremewhich, if run into, will do much in alienatingthe sympathies of the whites. I am at war withwhatever tends to degrade the colored people; thebarrier of casts has necessarily this effect; and yourdistinct associations and organizations, and your talkabout the colored people assuming a position independentof their pale-face brethren, does more, infinitelymore, to perpetuate caste, than all other influencesput together. Friend Remond, let the philanthropistsof your race and mine be one people, co-operatingin their efforts for the freedom and developmentof all races. Let me conjure you and yourbrethren, by all that is sacred in the cause of theemancipation of your people, to have done with yourseparate meetings and organizations. casts Your expression, 'I want to see black men standup by themselves,' has to me a look of great indiscreetness.With you, I wish to see our coloredbrethren 'stand up for themselves'; but, under existingcircumstances, better that their white brethrenstand up for them, and with them. Better that theyfraternize in this Anti-Slavery warfare. You do notwish to see the colored people led even by 'consideratewhite men.' If by this you would guard yourpeople against a craven and pusillanimous spirit, allright; but it seems to imply much more than this—an obstinate rejection of the counsels of white men,merely because they are the counsels of white men.Nothing could be more unwise than this. If this isyour meaning, you should give the colored people thebenefit of a wise example on your part, by ceasingto participate in the anti-slavery counsels of whitemen. for for with I must enter my protest against your proposition toissue a circular to the slaves of the South, urgingthem to insurrection. When you demonstrate that arising of the slaves, even could they be brought toact in unison, would be successful, you will have myhearty cooperation in urging the use of means to stirup the slaves to insurrection. It is one thing to talkof doing a thing, and quite another thing to do it.Say, if you please, that the slaves, by a simultaneousrising, could overcome the organized military and policepower of their tyrants, what will you do with themilitary power of the Federal Government? I rejoice that you desire the destruction of theslaveholders. No bold-spirited man can desire less,if he has a correct appreciation of the damning sinof holding property in man. But wisdom is the betterpart of valor. And yet I abhor, as much as youdo, the craven spirit that seeks for its cower dies ashelter behind this proposition. I go in with you, even to the death, for makingthis, instead of Canada, the home of the escapedbondsman. We to the slave-hunter that crosses mypath in pursuit of his game! Withered be this righthand, if it falters in making the earth drink hisheart's blood! O, what a thrill of delight wentthrough my soul when I heard the noble Giddings relatehow he devised a slave to arm himself and standhis ground, instead of pushing Canada ward! I wouldnot give the American slave one farthing to help himinto the Queen's dominions, but I would freely givehim my help in protecting him where he is. You dowell to advise your colored countrymen to act unitedly,promptly and decisively in making this, instead ofCanada, the home of the fugitive. Many of thewhites will act steadily with you in this direction. O,that we were man! that we had the spirit of men!Friend Remond, agitate! Agitate! stir up the Northto its duty in bringing slave-hunting to a perpetualend here. Let us do this, and the work is soon done.The rest will speedily follow. And I have strongfaith that we may bring people to stand firmly andunitedly on this ground, government or no government. decisively Yours, truly, A. HODGEBOOM. Shed's Corners, N.Y., Sept. 24, 1853. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST-PAID) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements making less than one square insertedthree times for 75 cents — one square for $1.00. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societiesare authorised to receive subscriptions for THELIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞The following gentleman constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of thedebts of the paper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, EDMONDQUINCY, SAMUEL PHILBRICK, and WENDELLPHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON DMOND UINCY AMUEL HILBRICK ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 MR. EDITOR—I understand, from good authority,that a most contemptible as well as unchristian pieceof proscription has recently been enacted in our goodcity of Chelsea, and that, too, by men who profess tocall themselves Christians and Republicans. I allude,of course, to the fact, that our respected fellow-citizen,Robert Morris, Esq., has been prevented bycertain individuals from purchasing a dwelling-houseat Caryville, the portion of the city where these extrafine gentlemen reside; and all this because Mr. Morrishappens to have a little darker complexion thantheir own.  For myself, Mr. Editor, I would not havethought there could have been found in Chelsea menprofessing to be followers of Him who 'made of oneblood all nations to dwell together upon the face ofthe earth,' and who have much to say about thecolored man who would do an act betraying so muchthat is narrow in prejudice, and mean and selfish inprinciple.  But strange as it may appear, the wronghas been done and the dwellers of Cary Farm mayrest, undisturbed by the reflection that God's image,in the form of a colored man, cumbers the ground onwhich they tread. For one, Mr. Editor, I have nolanguage strong enough to express the indignation Ifeel for the act itself, or contempt for the men concernedin bringing it about. R. DITOR extrafine gentlemen Yours truly,EQUAL RIGHTS. Chelsea, Sept. 10, 1858. 

 The United States Constitution is 'a covenant withdeath, and an agreement with hell.' ☞'The free States are the guardians and essentialsupports of slavery. We are the jailers and constablesof the institution. . . . There is some excusefor communities, when, under a generous impulse,they espouse the cause of the oppressed in other States,and by force restore their rights; but they are withoutexcuse in aiding other States in binding on men anunrighteous yoke. On this subject, OUR FATHERS, INFRAMING THE CONSTITUTION, SWERVED FROM THERIGHT. We their children, at the end of half a century,see the path of duty more clearly than they,and must walk in it. To this point the public mindhas long been tending, and the time has come for lookingat it fully, dispassionately, and with manly andChristian resolution. . . . No blessing of the Unioncan be a compensation for taking part in the enslavingof our fellow-creatures; nor ought this bond to beperpetuated, if experience shall demonstrate that itcan only continue through our participation in wrongdoing. To this conviction the free States are tending.' they are withoutexcuse in aiding other States in binding on men anunrighteous yoke. ONSTITUTION must walk in it. —WILLIAM ELLERY CHANRINE. ILLIAM LLERY HANRINE. 

 To the Editor of the New York Tribune: To the Editor of the New York Tribune SIR, I notice a leading article in the Tribune of thismorning, in which you speak of the debate betweenMr. Brownlow of Tennessee and myself, and statethat Mr. B. is on his way to Boston. This is a mistake.The Parson left Philadelphia for his home immediatelyafter the close of the debate, and has givenup his missionary tour through the North. In replyto my challenge to repeat the debate in several of theprincipal cities of the North, made before the audienceon Saturday evening last he backed out of hisoriginal proposition to meet the entire North in debatingthe slavery question in the North and declinedgoing on unless I would meet him in the South halfof the time.  Not being a match for a Southern mob,armed with brickbats and bludgeons, and knowingthat the South dare not permit me to debate the questionin her cities of course I could not, as he wellknew, accept this essential modification of the originalchallenge. Tribune out in the North Mr. B. left Philadelphia, saying that the people didnot appreciate his arguments; and we shall hear nomore of his missionizing among us at the North. Yours, &C A. PRYNE. New York, Sept. 18, 1858. 

 Extracts from a speech (calculated to delight thewhole body of Southern overseers and slave-drivers,)delivered at a recent Democratic Mass Meeting heldat Bunker Hill, by Hon. E.D. BEACH:— EACH It is not the bristling hosts of some foreign forcewe have to fear. We are in no danger from abroad.Such a peril would but serve to arouse and fire thepeople of all the States as one man. It is the last for power—the much allowed ambitionfor place and distinction—political distinction—an ambition dead, to patriotism and blind to truthand duty—an ambition which would not merely compasssea and land, but would undo the work of therevolution, and roll back the progress of seventyyears for a single triumph. It organizes a sectionalparty—it proclaims a sectional warfare, of freeStates against slave States—it panders to low desiresand local hates—it fires its devotees by freshappeals to old jealousies, old rivalries, and stimulatesnew hatreds. It plants Massachusetts in hostileantagonism to Virginia. It sets New Yorkagainst Georgia, and calls them enemies, foes. Itinstitutes odious comparisons, inflames bad passions,stirs up hot blood, strife and anger. It is the Republicanparty, organized in this way and laboringto this end, that the Democratic hosts must confront—and, sooner or later, this year or the next, overcome. The leaders of this party call for an united Northto rally against a divided South. They ask us tojoin their standard. and to march, not 'under theflag which keeps pace to the music of the Union,'but under their flag, with fifteen stars blotted out.They ask us to oppose the Government under whichwe live, by which we are guarded, defended, protected.They ask us to join and overthrow the administrationof our choice, elected by the unitedvoices and votes of the Democracy of the whole Union—North as well as South, East as well as West.They avow no political principles—but the negationof all principles, blind, mulish opposition. Theyoffer no creed but the spoils of office and hope ofsuccess.  They advance no theories of government,enabling us to judge and determine for ourselveswhether or not what they would substitute is preferableto what they would overthrow. They call'success a duty' —(success, I take it, by any meansand in any way)—and without a why or a wherefore,they ask us to join a rebel camp, to run forluck, and trust to chance for success. Shall we enlistin such service? Shall we do battle in such acause?  No, my friends—it is better to be right andalways a thousand times, than wrong and win a hundredvictories—successes. It is better to be rightand always in a minority at home, than wrong andwear the tinsel of office. Shall we strengthen the arm that scatters thefirebrands of discord at home, and would pull downthe temple of liberty and security above our heads;or shall we stand by the Government that deals impartiallyand justly by all? As a citizen of Massachusetts and the Union, Iknow of no higher duty under the law, than tostand by the President who plants himself squarelyand firmly upon the Constitution of our country,and administraters the government by the rules of law,unawed by clamor and unmoved by threats. I believethe President has faithfully and honestly andconscientiously discharged the duties of his high office,and that he is to-day, by reason of his uprightand manly course, stronger in the confidence andfirmer in the affections of the American people thanever before. It is time that this sectional warfare should cease.It is high time that the politicians of Massachusettsshould leave the agitation of this slavery question—for this is the bitter root of all our political troubies—where the Constitution leaves it, to the Stateswhere it exists, to be maintained or abolished, as thepeople in those States shall decree. The people of Massachusetts, in the exercise ofthe power they possess, early abolished the institutionof African slavery within her borders. In theexercise of the same powers, the people may in theirpleasure restore and re-establish the same institutionhere. It rests with the people, and alone with thepeople of Massachusetts. Virginia and Georgia have no voice in the matter.They have no power over the subject. They haveno right to interfere. They may not say to Massachusettsand the free States, Restore and establishthe institution of slavery, that the system may beuniform throughout the country. Neither mayMassachusetts say to Virginia and the South, abolishslavery, that the system of free States may beuniform throughout the country. Neither has aright to exercise authority over the other in thismatter. Each is sovereign—each is independent—each must act for itself, and be alone responsible forits acts. Massachusetts early led the way by abolishingslavery in her own borders. I apprehend that shewas led to this course less as a matter of principle,of conscience and duty, than as a matter of convenienceand of interest. Other States followed herlead, and others still have yet to follow in their owntime and way—much sooner as a voluntary than aninvoluntary act—and when it shall please God, inhis own chosen time and way, the institution ofslavery every where will be abolished. For somewise purpose. He has made a distinction in color andcapacity and condition between the two races. Itbecomes not us to inquire too critically into the causeor the reason for this distinction, or rashly attemptto change His decrees. Massachusetts has done within her own borderswhat she had a perfect right to do whenever thejudgment and the will of the people required it.She has, wisely or unwisely, removed the barriers ofpolitical distinction between the white man and theblack man. There is a class of men in the Statewho demand that all the barriers of social distinctionshall also be broken down and removed—nay,who would yield to the black man a pre-eminence.They would enroll him in the militia of the Commonwealth,and instal him in the white man's pulpit;they would robe him with judicial ermine andplace him in the jury panel; they would commit tohis hands the duties of legislation and the educationof the white man's children; they would convertthe Commonwealth into an asylum for the free negroesexpelled as well from the free as the slaveStates. Already they throng our towns and cities;they hold conventions; they put forth politicalcreeds; they boast of their influence and strength;make claims and extraordinary demands—demandsof ominous, disgusting import—repulsive and offensive. This government was established by white men,and should always be controlled by white men. Ihave no sympathy with the men or the party ofmen who would elevate the negro to a politicaland social equality with the white man. I have nomanner of patience with the politicians who panderto this sickly sentimentality—this vitiated taste—as a means of elevation to popular favor. ☞This Hon. (?) E.D. BRACH is, and has beenfor several years past, the hopeless an shameless candidateof the pro-slavery, Border-Russian Democracyfor Governor of Massachusetts. At the conclusion ofhis despicable harangue, Col. JAMES GARDNER, ofGeorgia, was introduced to the meeting. RACH AMES ARDNER Col. Gardner said, that under our confederatedsystem of government, in which so many Statesand communities live in happiness and prosperity,there are a few great principles recognized whichare dear to the hearts of Democrats throughout theextent of this Union. Among these are freedom ofworship, equality of rights among citizens, and thesanctity of private property and the sacred obligationof non-interference in the local and domesticaffairs of the separate States. Under this system,the great Democratic party exists, and these principlesare a common bond of brotherhood and unionbetween the citizens of Massachusetts and Georgia;and citizens of the South feel that they may be athome among the sons of a Northern climate. Thepeople of the South are glad to see the prosperity ofyou here, and it is only when you trespass and encroachupon the rights of others that we are disposedto cherish that jealousy, that hostility, andthat spirit of conflict, which inspired your fathersand our fathers in the great contest which resultedin the Declaration of Independence, and the establishmentof the Constitution under which we live.(Applause.) Col. Gardner, alluding to the slavery question,said it was only a day or two since that he saw inthe Museum a bill of sale of a negro, dated 1771,from one citizen of Massachusetts to another. Yetthe people of Massachusetts got rid of the institutionin their own wisdom and in their own goodtime, and without dictation from abroad. That isthe way we shall do it, if we ever do, but we scorndictation from any source or from any quarter.(Cheers.) When that great battle of constitutionalliberty for the Anglo-Saxon race was going on inthis country, the flag that was unfurled was unfurledover thirteen Colonies, twelve of which recognizedthe institution of slavery. It has recededfrom points where it then existed, and it has advancedto others where it now lives and flourishes,and it has not carried desolation in its path; butcommunities, prosperous, moral and Christian, existand prosper where that institution flourishes. Thesame religion, the same love of civil and religiousfreedom, and for the purity of the ballot box and ofthe judicial ermine, exists as among you. All thatwe and the National Democracy ask of the BlackRepublican party is, that they adhere to the greatcharter of American liberty, and the rights of theseveral States under it be strictly construed and sacredlypreserved; and the Democracy hold that thatman is the best patriot who stands up firmest to theConstitution. The Democracy believe that so longas the Constitution is carried out in its letter, thecountry will continue prosperous and happy; butthat the moment these great principles which areembalmed in our hearts are torn down and trampledunder foot by the fanaticism of the Black Republicanparty, the Union becomes worse than a bond ofsand, and will be scattered to the four winds; andthat the same principles which inspired our forefathersto draw the sword for the protection of theirrights, will band our several sections in organizationsfor the protection of themselves and theirrights. But, happily, the sectional contest is pastand gone. The issues which were made in 1851have one after another been settled. Even Kanalsbleeds no longer. Her wounds are healed, and itis not for a Southern hand to tear them open.(Cheers.) Fanatics and demagogues in the Northmay endeavor to stir up had blood for purposes oftheir own, and to fan fires of fanaticism, so thatthe people will again forget their good sense andtheir legitimate pursuits, but they will fail of theirpurpose. The South remains quiet, non-aggressive,yet self-protecting; capable of taking care of herself,yet holding to that maxim declared by Gen. Jackson—toask for nothing but what is right, and tosubmit to nothing that is wrong. (Cheers.) In conclusion, Colonel Gardner expressed thehope that Democratic triumphs were in store, notonly in the country, but in Massachusetts. he sawtoo much good Democratic seed sown to be entirelyfruitless. He thought the people might find morecongenial employment for Black Republican leadersthan sending them to fill national legislative seats,and to throw insults in the teeth of their Southernbrethren—such as the missionary service to the negroesin Africa. (Laughter and cheers.) ☞At the same pseudo Democratic meeting, EDWARDRIDDLE, of Charlestown, (horse and carriageauctioneer, and a windy demagogue, always up for a'bid' for himself,) was called to preside, and in thecourse of his tumid harangue, said of the Republicanparty— DWARD IDDLE This is the party which, by their false, selfish andungenerous attacks upon our Southern institutions,have not only embarrassed the best interests of ourmechanics, but very materially deteriorated ourtrade and commerce with the South and West. This is the party that numbers in its ranks a portionof clergymen who defile their sacred calling bypreaching from their pulpits seditious political sentiments.In one servant Christian appeal they willinvoke a blessing upon mankind, and in another advocatethe shedding of fraternal blood, rather thanslavery shall any longer exist agreeably to the lawsof the country. In a word, this is the party thataspires to held the reins of American governmentand the everlasting away of Massachusetts. Andthey really expect to accomplish all this! Whenthat day arrives, our national constellation shines nomore! American independence will only be knownas an historical event, and the plains of our republicwill be bleached with the bones of the national andpatriotic men of our generation. But, in the languageof one whose name will never die, 'We shallcome to no such ignoble end. We shall live, andnot die. The ill-omened sounds of fanaticism willbe hushed; the ghastly specters of enemies of untied constitutionalliberty, if their hatred cannot be appeared,may prepare to sear their eye-balls as they beholdthe steady flight of the American Eagle on his burnishedwings for years and years to come.' 

 BOSTON, Saturday Sept. 25. 1858—The case oftownsend, the alleged captain of the slave brig Echo,was called up again to-day before Commissioner Loring,and the following witnesses were examined:Lieut. Maffit, Commander; Lieut. J.E. Bradford,Lieut. Charles C. Carpenter; Dr. J.M. Brown, Surgeon;Leonard G. Gunnell, Captain's Clerk; EdwardG. Williams, Second Lieutenant, and Alexander F.Grossman, Sailing Master—all of the Dolphin. Thetestimony was mainly a description of the capture ofthe Echo on the coast of Cuba, which has alreadybeen published. Lieut. Bradford, who first boardedthe alleged slaver, could not identify Townsend as thecaptain, it being dark at the time. The morning after,he claimed to be simply a passenger, which characterhe has since continued to assume. The further hearingwas then postponed until Tuesday. The questionof jurisdiction is the main one involved in the presentexamination. EXAMINATION OF CAPT. TOWNSEND OF THE SLAVEBRIG 'ECHO.' Capt. Townsend of the slave bring Echowas yesterday again before Commissioner Loring forexamination.  Lieut. Carpenter of the prize crewwhich took possession of the Echo, was called, andtestified that the negroes on board were branded on thearms and on the back; letters an inch and a half inlength, making a roughly defined character. Capt.Maffit of the Dolphin, identified a paper found on thecabin deck of the Echo, and supposed to be master of the officers, but bearing date 'Dec.85th, 1859.'The paper had upon it a dozen names. XAMINATION OF APT. OWNSEND OF THE LAVE  The evidence in the case being concluded, DistrictAttorney Woodbury moved that then prisoner, Capt.Townsend, be committed for trial at the next term ofthe U.S. Circuit Court. The Commissioner said he was prepared to hear argumentsupon the motion, and if counsel had none tooffer, he should, upon the evidence, at least, feelbound to bind him over for trial at the Circuit Court.The defendant was accordingly committed to await theaction of the Circuit Court, which comes on the 15thof October, and several of the Dolphin's officers were as witnesses in the sum of $5000 each.  A new complaint was entered against him yesterdayfor a misdemeanor, under the fourth section ofthe act of 1818, to which he pleaded not guilty, andwas held in the sum of $5000 and the witness wereheld in $100 each. This offence is publishable with a act more than $5000, nor less than $1000, andimprisonment not more than seven nor less than threeyears.  Townsend is now held on the original complaintunder the act of 1820, which adjudges the slavetrade to be piracy, punishable with death, and also thecomplaint for misdemeanor.Boston Bee, Wednesday.  Boston Bee, Wednesday. 

 Extracts from a dirty speech delivered by BANJAMINF. HALLETT, at the State Democratic Conventionrecently held at Worcester:— ANJAMIN ALLETT There is yet this black mist hanging over thecommon sense of Massachusetts,—this negro fanaticism,not unlike her ancient delusion upon witchcraft.The fanaticism of witchcraft ruled the Stateseven or eight years before the people drove it out,and he thought that the abolition witchcraft wouldlast about as long. It was true, there had been norecent hanging of witches or Quakers in Massachusetts,but although the abolitionists have not hungman or women, they have hung and banished decencyand common sense, church and Bible, law andconstitution! They have proscribed every creed acceptthe black one, and reduced all political virtueto supreme love of the colored race. black mist He had not time to contrast, as should be done,the different sorts of professions of 'freedom' toughingthe negro question which were made by the Republicans,so called, in and out of New England.So absurd and impracticable are these theories ofnegro 'freedom,' about which they talk so muchthat their last idol, Mr. Tom Corwin, of Ohio, declaresthat the only way by which they propose toliberate all the slaves in the Union is to cut theirthroats! That is really and in fact the only practicaldoctrine as to results to which political abolitionismhas arrived in this country! They can freethe slaves only by exterminating them. Mr. Corwinis right. Carry it out, and the surest way to freethe slaves is to cut their throats, and then of coursethey will be free! freedom Just so Mr. Senator Trumbull and the Republicansout West go for a war of extermination uponthe poor negro. They won't let him live any where.Mr. Trumbull and Mr. Lincoln were trying to defeatMr. Douglas for the Senate, in Illinois, withthis sort abolitionism, and therefore he hoped thatJudge Douglas would beat them. Mr. Trumbullavows openly that the purpose of the Republicanparty, if they get into power, is to banish the negroesboth slave and free, from the free Stales! Mr.Blair, the leading Southern Republican, proposesto drive them all out of the slave States! MrTrumbull declares that the territories must be settledwith free white men exclusively, and the negroesmay go 'elsewhere'! He don't care where theygo, but they must go 'elsewhere'! (Laughter.)And this banishment of negroes is the Republicandoctrine every where out of New England, even inKansas! While in Massachusetts, the black 'freedom'doctrine is, that you are to take the negroesinto your bosoms while living, as the colored preacherpromised them father Abraham would do whenthey died! Mr. Hallett said that might be in thegreat hereafter, but he thought that before fatherAbraham received the negro into his bosom, hewould be washed and made as white as the whiteman. (Applause.) to banish the negroesboth slave and free, from the free Stales! to drive them all out of the slave States! territories free white men exclusively must elsewhere freedom This talk of negro social equality and absorptionof the race is the Massachusetts creed of abolitionism,and we begin to see its effects upon the coloredpeople. They begin to insist upon performance aswell as profession, and thus we see the negroes assemblingin conventions, as they did the other dayat New Bedford, demanding not merely politicalequality, but entire social equality with the whites,and proclaiming that all the blacks had to do wasto get money, and the rich white men would be runningafter them to marry their daughters! Mr. Hallett then spoke of general politics, andsaid that the principles of the democratic part andthe policy of the administration had settled theslavery question. It has settled it in the old States,it had settled it as to the admission of new States,and now it is settled in Kansas and the territories;and let our opponents struggle as they may, theycannot resuscitate it. Every body who had landeda big fish knew that it always kicked and flouncedand made a great bother for a little while after youhad got it out of the water, but lat it alone, and itwould die of itself, without even knocking it on thehead. And it would be just so with this ugly blackfish that has been soiling our political waters, thisKansas slavery agitation. It was all that was leftto the opposition, and it was being disposed of now,for it had been taken out of Congress and landed inthe territory, and there let it kick till it dies of itself.(Applause.) That would be the end of all the clamor aboutthe President and Congress oppressing Kansas, andforcing a slave Constitution upon her which shecould change whenever she liked! Oppression innot letting Kansas be a State' Why, she neverhad been fit to become a State—a poor, little, weakand miserable territory, of a transient and shiftingpopulation, without money enough in all her bordersto build a State House or court house, or evena jail—and she will need the jail more than anything else, judging from the specimens we have sentthere. (Laughter.) Why, it was a mercy that shewas not a State, and obliged to support herself.And after all, it turns out that she don't want herselfto be a State quite yet. That is the oppressionand injustice to Kansas! oppressing For a long time, nobody could tell what she didwant. Finally, we told her she might come intothe Union if she wanted to, and then fix up hermatters to suit herself. She rejects the proposition,and says she don't want to come in. We say, verywell, wait till you do want to! (Applause.) Ifthat is oppression and violence, let the abolitionistkick at it, and make the most of it! Just as if aproposition of marriage should be made to a verysickle young lady, and she can't make up her mindwhether she wants to be married or not. Verywell, you say, wait till you are old enough to makeup your mind! do That is the terrible oppression with which Kansashas been treated! And now, all we say is, let herwait till she has grown big enough to set up house-keepingfor herself, and we shan't object, in hercase, whether she has 93,000 inhabitants or not,when she asks to come in, if she behaves decently,and can really make up her mind what she wants,and comes to Congress with a Constitution republicanin form. That was the end of Kansas, andwith it would be the end of 'negroism.' negroism. Mr. Hallett further regarded the doctrines of NewEngland abolitionism as a board and impossible, becausethey went against the great law of races,which had shown from the beginning that the childrenof Ham could never be brought into socialequality with the children of Japheth. To attemptto force such an unnatural condition of society inthis country was hopeless, and therefore we say, toGod, who created the negroes black for some wisepurpose, and has always permitted them to be heldin bondage, should be left the disposition of thatrace of men who are in slavery. At all events,what was done in Massachusetts was of no moreconsequence, as affecting their condition, than theaction of the African king of Dahomey, who wonderedwhat the rest of the world thought of him andhis government! Massachusetts was a very boastfulState at home, but she was a very small Statewhen you got a hundred miles away from her. Herpolitical bigotry and bitter denunciations of otherStates have deprived her of all respect and of alljust influence in the nation. Where, under her present system, has she any influencefor any good purpose? She is degraded anddespised for her wild abolitionism, as 'the negroState,' and the only thing that saves this political'Sodom,' in giving her any national character orrespect in the Union, are the tried and faithful andholy men who adhere to the Constitution and sustainthe national Democratic party. If it were notfor that, the fire of universal indignation would descend,and Massachusetts would be consumed in heriniquity. But we do not mean to leave her to sucha political fate. The Democrats are bound to stayin her, and persevere until they have subdued theburthen, and restored Massachusetts to her originalposition as a part of the promised land! 

 Over Five Hundred Persons Burat and Drowned. HALIFAX, Sept. 27. ALIFAX Barque Lotus, from Liverpool, arrived in this harboryesterday (Sunday) afternoon, with twelve ofsixty-seven surviving passenger of steamship Austria,which was burned at sea, September 13th, in lst.45 1, long. 41 30. The twelve passengers on boardthe Lotus were taken from the barque Maurice, onthe 14th inst. The agent of the Associated Press immediatelyboarded the Lotus, and obtained the following particulars. Took passage at Southampton, 4th inst., in thesteamship Austria, Cape Heydtman, which leftHamburg on the 2d inst. Bailed at f in the evening.In consequence of the weather being a little misty,the vessel was anchored between the Lale of Wightand main land. 8ailed again at 4 o'clock the followingmorning. In weighing anchor, an unfortunateaccident occurred, by which one of the crew lost hislife. Owing to some mismanagement, the anchor ranout, whirling the capstan round with terrific force,hurling the men in all directions. Two were severelyinjured; one was thrown overboard, and it U supposedbe was instantly killed, as he never lose to the surface. From the time the ship was laid on bar coarse, weexperienced strong westerly winds. 12th—The weather was more favorable.13th—Eleven know been attained; all in high hopesof reaching New York by the 18th. A little after 2P.M., I was on the quarter deck—saw a dense volumeof smoke bunt from the after entrance of thesteerage. Some women ran aft, exclaiming—'Theship is on fire; what will become of us?' The ship was instantly put at half speed, at whichshe continued until the magazine exploded, fromwhich I infer the engineers were instantly suffocated. I only walked from where I was on the quarterdeck to the waist of the ship, when I saw flamesbreaking through the lights amidships. As the shipwas head to the wind, the lire traveled aft with fearfulrapidity. Went to the man at the wheel, andtold him to put the vessel side to the wind; he hesitated,as he was a native of Hamburg; got a Germangentleman to speak to him. At this time, saw some persona letting down theboat from the 'port side of the quarter-deck; whatbecame of her do not know, but think she was crushedunder the screw. Went with some others to get out the boat from thestarboard side of the quarter-deck. The moment welaid hands on the ropes, so many crowded into it thatwe could not lift it off the blocks. Left it for a fewmoments until the people got out, then returned andput it over the side of the ship; they all rushed inagain—it descended with violence into the water,and was instantly swamped, and all the people werewashed out but three, who held on. We let down arope, and pulled up one, who proved to be the steward;another, in the act of being hauled up, wasstrangled by the rope. The fire came on too fiercelyto attempt to get up the third. All the first-class cabin passengers were on the poopwith the exception of a few gentlemen, who musthave smothered in the smoking-room. Many of thesecond cabin passengers were also on the poop, but anumber of them got shut into their cabin by the fire;some of them were pulled up through the ventilator,but the greater number could not be extricated. Thelast woman drawn up said there were six alreadysuffocated. Now perceived that the ship had got her head tothe wind again, so that the flame came over thequarter-deck. In consequence of the crowd, couldnot get to the wheel-house to ascertain the reason,but was informed that the helmsman had desertedhis post, and the vessel was left to herself, headed tothe wind. At this time, the scene on the quarter-deck wasindescribable, and truly heart-rending. Passengerswere rushing to and fro—-husbands seeking wives—wives in search of husbands—relatives looking afterrelatives—mothers lamenting their children—somewholly paralyzed by fear, others madly crying to besaved—but few perfectly calm and collected. Theflames pressed so closely upon them tint many jumpedinto the sea. Relatives, clasped in each other'sarms, leaped over, and met a watery grave. Twogirls, supposed sisters, jumped over and sank, kissingeach other. A missionary and wife leaped into the sea together,and the stewardess and assistant steward, arm in arm,followed. One Hungarian gentleman, with seven fine children,(four girls,) mode his wife jump in, then blessedthe six oldest children, made their, jump in one afterthe other, and followed them, with an infant in hisown arms. About this time, I was standing outside the bulwarks,holding on by the davits, leaning out to avoidthe flames, which were leaping towards me. Saw aswamped boat under me, spinning by a rope still attachedto the ship. As the oars were tied in her,thought if I got to her, I would be enabled to savemyself and some others. Let myself down by therope, passing over a man who was clinging to it, butwho refused to come with me. Took out my penknifeto cut the tackle, when the large blade broke; thensevered it with the small blade. The ship passedahead. As I approached the screw, found the boatdrawn towards it; tried to keep the boat off, but thescrew caught and capsized her over me. Dived awayfrom the ship, and came to the surface near the boat,which was keel uppermost. Got on her, and by pressingon one side, with the assistance of a wave, sherighted, but was still swamped. The oars had beenknocked out by the screw. The only thing I couldfind in her to paddle with was some lathes nailed togetheras sheathing for sides. When I looked around,the ship was a quarter of a mile from me. Couldsee ladies and gentlemen jumping off the poop intothe water in two and threes—some ladies in flames.Several hesitated to leap from the burning ship untilthe last moment, as the height was twenty-two feet,and only at length when compelled to throw themselvesoff to avoid the more painful death. In half an hour, not a soul was to be seen on thepoop. Pulled after the ship—picked up a German,who was swimming strongly. Got him beside me onthe boat, and paddled after the ship with laths.Haw a vessel under sail approaching; she reachedthe steamer about 5, P.M. We continued pullingtowards them, and, about half past seven o'clock,after being five hours in the water, got within hail ofthe sailing vessel, which put off a boat and took us onboard. She proved to be the French barque Maurice, Capt.Ernest Renaud, of Nantes, bound from Newfoundlandto the Isle of Bourbon, with fish. She had, up to thattime, rescued forty passengers of the burning steamer,chiefly taken off the bowsprit; but a few werepicked up floating around. About 8 P.M., one of the metallic boats came upwith about 23 persons, including the first and thirdofficers. Afterwards, three or four mm were pickedup, floating on a piece of broken boat. The secondofficer was taken up, having been swimming withnothing to float upon for six hours. The second andthird officers were severely burned. One male passengerwas burned frightfully, and some other male passengersslightly. There were but six women saved, three of whomwere burnt, one of them in a shocking manner. Capt. Renaud acted with the utmost kindness;gave clothes, as far as he could furnish them, to thesuffering passengers; acted as nurse, surgeon and doctorto the burned people; dressing the wounds of thefemales with a tenderness and delicacy that evinceda benevolent and amiable disposition. I did not see an officer of Ho ship during the firm,and am certain there was not one of them or thecrew on the poop, except the man at the wheel, for ashort time. I understood that when the Captain heard of theire, he rushed on deck without any cap, and when hesaw the flames, exclaimed, 'We are all lost!' Hetried to get out a boat; which, when let down, wasswamped, and he, whether accidentally or not, 1 donot know, fell into the sea, and was soon loft far behind.The fourth officer was in this boat; he cut herloose from the davits; she was carried under the screwand smashed. Several in her were drowned, but threeor four men escaped on a fragment of the boat, andwere picked up by the Maurice, as before stated. About the same time, one metallic life-boat was lotdown from the port bow, and swamped, but got clearedaway with about thirty-three persons in her, includingthe first and third officers, and several women.The men in this boat capsized her two or three times,trying to clear her of water. Ten persons wore thusdrowned, including some women. They afterwardsbailed her out with life-preservers cut in two, andpulled to the Maurice, having picked up two or threepassengers before reaching the barque. Altogether, there were sixty-seven souls taken intothe Maurice during the night. A Norwegian barque came up with the steamer thenext morning. A boat from her was observed goingaround the burning ship, and they may have peekedup a few persona, but only a very few. The Maurice.ad no communication with her. About 7 o'clock the Maurice sailed for Fayal, to depositthe rescued passengers About 2 o' clock thesame afternoon, she fell in with the barque Lotus,Capt. Trefry, of Yarmouth, Nova SootiaM/m>, from Liverpoolpool for Halifax. As I was anxious to get on Britishterritory, Capt. Trofry kindly gave me a passage. Hewas also anxious to take all the American citizensamong the survivors, but there was such a rush offoreigners into the boats that only one land of elevencould be got off, and even several of these were foreigners. The tire is known to have arisen from the very culpablenegligence of some of the crew. The captainand surgeon considered it expedient to fumigate thesteerage with burning tar, which operation was to beperformed by the boatswain, under the superintendenceof the fourth officer. The boatswain heated theend of a chain to. dip in tar to produce the smoke.The end became too hot to hold, and ha let it dropupon the deck, to which it art Ira. The tar also upset,and immediately all about was in flames. A feebleattempt was made to extinguish the Are, but it waswithout effect There was Bathing on hand to meetsuch an emergency. The rescued passengers saved nothing but thecloches on their backs and even the greater part ofthese were torn and otherwise lost Six hundred soulswere supposed to be on board, many of whom werewomen and children. 

 There have arisen men of a pro-slavery partyin the North who are doing and will do what theycan to deaden the sympathy and root out the love ofliberty, which has its abode in every true Massachusettsheart. There is no doubt at all that the aristocraticelement, which has its basis on mere moneyor assumption, is somewhat active just now in ourmidst. A genuine aristocracy, founded upon publicsentiment, exalted talents or philanthropic deeds, werespect; but the mere assumption, the counterfeit,which has its origin and its end in office-holding,and the accumulation of money, we despise. It isthis latter class which comprises the pillars andfoundation-stone of Massachusetts Buchananism.It has an utter horror of a negro, because it is pleasingto the South to have it so, and it affirms veryoracularly that a 'nigger' is much better off as aslave than he would be as a freeman. You cannotimpress it with a generous emotion. It is alwaysready to return a fugitive, to flunkey to a slaveholder,to sneer at bleeding Kansas, to ridicule the sufferingsof Mr. Sumner, and to say that Brooks servedhim right when he struck him down in the SenateChamber. It will not hesitate to claim for thecoffle, the chain-gang and the auction-block Christiansanctification. This class of men, aided and backed by the NationalAdministration, have done more to retard theprogress of truth and Christian civilization in thiscountry than most of the other causes combined.They would, to-day, establish slavery in Massachusetts,if it were possible for them to do it, and theywould put it into their next platform, that no manshould be regarded a Democrat who does not own atleast one negro. This would be made the test of aman's nationality, and of his regard for the Union.We do not overstate the fact. Every one can seethat these men are at heart as much in favor of slave-holdingas any of the planters in South Carolina.It is the innate principle of aristocratic dominationwhich pervades their whole system, and gives toneto their political creed. When they say a man isnot national, they mean that he is an anti-slaveryman. When they speak of nationality, they mean apro-slavery nationality, and nothing else. They sayMassachusetts is not national in her sentiments, becauseMassachusetts is anti-slavery in her sentiments;and when they say, as they did at the meetingin Charlestown, they must send men to Congresswho will be national, they mean that they must sendmen who will vote as Mr. Keitt, Stephens of Georgia,Mason of Virginia, and other leaders of thepropagandists, vote. That is what they mean, andall that they mean. Instead of taking their standon the side of liberty, they bow their necks, likesubject serfs, to the will of a lot of slaveholders, who,while they rule them, despise them, and who willreject and revile them when they are of no furtherservice. No one knows better than this same class that noState in the Union has been less aggressive upon theSouth, or more obedient, more loyal to the requirementsof the Constitution, that Massachusetts; butbecause Massachusetts will not bow her neck to theassumptions of an oligarchy, or bare her back tothe lash of the overseer, or bow her head and kissthe dust from the master's shoe, she is sectional, fanaticaland unloyal. God grant that he may everbe so! There is the glory of the past and the gloryof the present. There, at least, they are secure, andthey are an earnest of the hereafter. Massachusetts,though occupying a small geographical areaon the map of the Union, fills more pages in thehistory of the Union than any other in it; and thisis because her people have minds and hearts imbuedwith an innate regard for liberty, and they have theintelligence and courage to speak for it whereverthey go, and to fight for it wherever the may be. 

 MANYLAND SLAVEHOLDERS' MEETING. The slave-holdersand others, of Worcester county, met on SnowHill on Tuesday last, according to previous notice,at which Dr. Chased Puruell was called to Um chair,and Thomas E. Martin appointed Secretary. Resolutionswere adopted, declaring that the State of Marylandhas the power and owes to her citizens the dutyof protecting slave property within her limits againstall adversaries of our laws and institutions, comefrom whence they may, and ordering the payment of$100 for every white man. and $50 for every freenegro detected and convicted of tampering withlaves; advising that the practice of allowing slavescorn-patches, and permitting them to leave homewithout passes, should be discontinued, and that themasters select homes for their slaves, instead of permittingthem to seek out their own; urging upon theGeneral Assembly to instruct our Senators and requestour Representatives in Congress to present the claimsof the citizens of Maryland on the General Governmentfor an actual rendition of fugitive slaves in allcases, or equivalent payment in money of their fullvalue. ANYLAND LAVEHOLDERS' EETING. A resolution was also adopted, appointing CurtisW. Jacobs, Z.P. Henry, Dr. John L. Hammond,Lemuel Showell, Jr., John D. Showell, John R.Franklin, Teagle Townsend, Littleton R. Purnell,George W.P. Smith, S.S. McMaster. J. MinosFooks, William J. Leonard, delegates to meet a Conventionof slaveholders and others, to be convened atsome central place for the Eastern Shore, and thatthe Chairman inform these delegates of the timeand place of meeting as soon as the facts are known. Cambridge was recommended to the other countieson the Eastern Shore, as the moat suitable andconvenient place for holding a Convention, and thathe 3d day of November be also suggested as thetime for holding said Convention.—Baltimore American,20th. Baltimore American,20th. 

 The Democratic meeting in Charlestown has beenheld. The speeches have been made, the processions,the music, the fireworks have disappeared.The Union, for the ten-thousandth time, has beensaved, Massachusetts has been again abused, and thepatriotism of her people impugned. Sectionalismhas been severely cuffed, and the poor black man hasagain been crucified. The administration of JamesBuchanan has been eulogized, and a surfeit of fulsomeflattery has been offered to the shrine fromwhence come the spoils and honors of federal office. It is an easy thing to get up demonstrations likethis in the vicinity of Boston. The hordes of custom-houseofficers, post-office clerks, navy-yard contractors,their dependants and expectants all clusteringhere, swarm on occasions like this, like bees ina hive, and go buzzing about with glee like a swarmon a bed of poppies or a field of clover. Great isDemocracy! great is the power of federal patronage! We have read the speeches and considered the resolutions.They all, speeches and resolutions, haveone key-note, and that is SLAVERY. Much is saiddirectly, much is left for inference. The resolutionsdistinctly claim for the slaveholder the same right totake his slave property into the Territories of theUnion, and to have it protected, as they do for theNew England manufacturer to take his cottons andcalicoes into the Territories, and have them protected. LAVERY. This is the first time, we believe, that any partyin Massachusetts has had the hardihood to expressa sentiment so at war with humanity, with soundpolicy, and with the past history of the country;and this is the doctrine which the people of Massachusettsare called upon to endorse at the next election,by giving their votes to the Democratic candidate.The people are called upon to give a voluntaryendorsement of the Dred Scott decision, a decisionat war with the entire constitutional policy advocatedby Mr. Webster during his whole life, andthe decisions of the Supreme Court given by ChiefJustice Marshall, and with the uniform practice ofthe Federal Government from its origin to the adventof James Buchanan. No principle of the governmentwas ever better understood than this, thatslavery could exist nowhere except by positive law.So said the earl Presidents, and Congresses, andCourts. So said Henry Olay, Daniel Webster, JohnMcLean, Judge Curtis; and such was the universalopinion of the Whig party of this country, asevinced by their resolutions, platforms, speeches,votes and practices; and such, we may say, was theexpressed opinion of the Democratic party of theFree States, and especially of Massachusetts. Againstthis accumulated and concurrent testimony ofthe past, we have the resolutions adopted at Charlestownon Monday night, which, in these words, affirm 'the rights of citizens of territories comingfrom North or South, involving their property ofall descriptions, whether of fabrics of New Englandmanufacture, or THE PROPERTY IN NATIONS, ARE SACURD.' the rights of citizens of territories comingfrom North or South, involving their property ofall descriptions, whether of fabrics of New Englandmanufacture, or This is what we call 'putting it strong.' Theonce who passed these resolution affect great regardfor the old Whig party, and the old Whig leaders,and specially for Mr. Webster; now every manknows, who knows anything, that the doctrinesenunciated in this resolution are as diametricallyapproved to the doctrines of the old Whig party andof Mr. Webster as are the doctrines of Mahomet tothose of the New Testament. They are as perniciousas they are infamous. They open our territoriesto the influx of slavery, and there is no powereither in Congress or the people of the territory toprevent it. This is Democracy, this is what thepeople of Massachusetts must subscribe to beforethey can be regarded an 'national,' and as fit to beregarded as lovers of the Union. It was very appropriateto burn 'blue-lights' when such doctrineswere being enunciated at the base of Bunker Hill.We are glad, however, that the resolutions havebeen passed, for we think, before the canvas is clused,the people will understand their purport, andforswear their treachery. 

 'CRUSHING OUT' A MINISTER. The PortlandState of Mains thus alludes to an attempt which itsays is being made to punish a prominent Portlandminister for his opposition to slavery—not withstandinghe has not obtruded the question politically uponhis people:— RUSHING OUT' A INISTER. State of Mains 'We are sorry to learn that Portland is in somedanger of losing one of its most valuable citizens;one, who in his profession does credit to the place, byhis talent, his learning, by the blameless purity of hislife and manners. We allude to the Rev. Mr. Frothingham, Pastor of the Second Unitarian Church. Heis universally admired as a preacher, and as generallyesteemed as a man; but he is known to have prettystrong moral objections to the institution of slavery,and has on one or more occasions expressed his sentimentson this subject in eloquent sermons. But itseems that some of his parish think this an impropersubject for discussion in a Christian pulpit, and wehave understood that some leading members of theFirst Unitarian Parish have expressed a determinationto 'crush out' anti-slavery from the pulpit.' crush out 

 There are upwards of six millions of white man inthe Southern States. Of this number, only threehundred and forty-seven thousand five hundred andtwenty-five are owners and hirers of slaves. threehundred and forty-seven thousand five hundred andtwenty-five It is this petty and tyrannical black aristocracywho dictate to the North; who rule us of the freestates with an iron rod; who threaten, throughtheir northern parasites, to subdue us; who say thatunless their will is obeyed without a murmur, theyand their overseers will dissolve this Union; whosuppress freedom of speech, the free press and pulpitsin their own unhappy section, and by their Russianhirelings in the territories, burn the cabins, steal theproperty, violate the wives and daughters, sack thecities, insult, imprison, shoot and scalp the free statesquatters. Read the subjoined clarification of the negrodrivers of the southern states, and then decidewhether or not you will submit any longer to anoligarchy so contemptible in point of numbers, sodespotic in character, and so inhuman in creed. In Alabama—There are 29, 295 holders of slaves,of whom 5, 204 hold one slave; 7,737 hold from 1 to5; 6,572 hold from 5 to 10; 5,067 hold from 10 to20; 3,524 hold from 20 to 50; 957 hold from 50 to100; 216 hold from 200 to 300; 2 from 300 to 500. Arkanas—Has 5,999 slaveholders. 1,383 hold Islave; 1,951 hold from 1 to 5; 1,365 hold from 5to 10; 788 hold from 10 to 20; 382 hold from 20to 50; 109 hold from 50 to 100; 19 hold from 100to 200; and 2 hold from 200 to 300. In the District of Columbia—There are 1,477slaveholders. 760 hold 1 slave; 539 hold from 1 to5; 136 hold from 5 to 10; 39 hold from 10 to 20;2 hold from 20 to 50; 1 holds from 50 to 100. Delaware—Has 809 slaveholders. 320 hold oneslave; 352 hold from 1 to 5; 117 hold from 5 to 10;20 hold from 10 to 20. Florida—Has 3,520 slaveholders. 699 hold oneslave; 991 hold from 1 to 5; 759 hold from 5 to 10;588 hold from 10 to 20; 349 hold from 20 to 50;104 hold from 50 to 100; 29 hold from 100 to 200;1 holds from 300 to 500. Georgia—Has 38, 455 slaveholders. 6,544 hold 1slave; 11,710 hold from 1 to 5 slaves; 7,701 holdfrom 5 to 10; 6,490 hold from 10 to 20; 5,056 holdfrom 20 to 50; 764 hold from 50 to 100; 147 holdfrom 100 to 200; 4 hold from 300 to 500; 2 holdfrom 500 to 1000. Kentucky—Has 38,385 slaveholders. 9,224 hold1 slave; 13, 284 hold from 1 to 5; 9,579 hold from5 to 10; 5,022 hold from 10 to 20; 1,198 holdfrom 20 to 50; 53 hold from 50 to 100; 5 holdfrom 100 to 200. Louisiana—Has 20,670 slaveholders. 4,797 hold1 slave; 6,072 hold from 1 to 5; 4,327 hold from5 to 10; 2, 652 hold from 10 to 20; 1774 hold from20 to 50; 728 hold from 50 to 100; 274 hold from100 to 200; 36 hold from 200 to 300; 6 hold from300 to 500; 4 hold from 500 to 1000. Maryland has 16,040 slaveholders. 4,825 hold 1slave; 6,333 hold from 1 to 5; 3,326 hold from 5to 10; 1,822 hold from 10 to 20; 555 hold from20 to 50; 72 hold from 50 to 100; 7 hold from 100to 200; 1 holds from 300 to 500. Mississippi has 23,116 slaveholders. 3,640 hold1 slave; 6,228 hold from 1 to 5; 5,143 hold from 5to 10; 4,025 hold from 10 to 20; 2,964 hold form20 to 50; 910 hold from 50 to 100; 189 hold from100 to 200 18 hold from 200 to 300; 8 hold from300 to 500; 1 holds from 500 to 1,000. Missouri has 19,185 slaveholders. 5,762 hold 1slave; 6,878 hold from 1 to 5; 4,370 hold from 5to 10; 1810 hold from 10 to 20; 345 hold from 20to 50; 19 hold from 50 to 100; 1 holds from 200to 300. North Carolina has 28,303 slaveholders. 1204hold 1 slave; 9,668 hold from 1 to 5; 8,129 holdfrom 5 to 10; 5898 hold from 10 to 20; 2828 holdfrom 20 to 50; 485 hold from 50 to 100; 76 holdfrom 100 to 200; 12 hold from 200 to 300; 3 holdfrom 300 to 500. South Carolina has 235,596 slaveholders. 3392hold 1 slave; 6164 hold from 1 to 5 slaves; 6311hold from 5 to 10; 4955 hold from 10 to 20; 3200hold from 20 to 50; 990 hold from 50 to 100; 382hold from 100 to 200; 69 hold from 200 to 300; 29hold from 300 to 500; 2 hold from 500 to 1000;two—one of whom is Mr. Aiken, the democraticcandidate for speaker of the House of Representatives-holdfrom 1000 to 2000 human souls in bondage. Tennencee has 33,864 slaveholders. 7,616 hold 1slave; 10,582 hold from 1 to 5; 8,314 hold from5 to 10; 4,352 hold from 10 to 20; 2,202 holdfrom 20 to 50; 276 hold from 50 to 100; 19 holdfrom 100 to 200; 2 hold from 200 to 300; 1 holdsfrom 300 to 500. Texas has 7,747 slaveholders. 1,935 hold 1 slave;2,640 hold from 1 to 5; 1,585 hold from 5 to 10;1,121 hold from 10 to 20; 374 hold from 20 to 50;82 hold from 50 to 100; 9 hold from 100 to 200;1 holds from 200 to 300. Virginia has 55,093 slaveholders. 11,385 hold 1slave; 15,550 hold from 1 to 5; 13,030 hold from5 to 10; 9,456 hold from 10 to 20; 4,880 holdfrom 20 to 50; 646 hold from 50 to 100; 107 holdfrom 100 to 200; 8 hold from 200 to 300; 1 holdsfrom 300 to 500. Thos, it will be seen, that in the United States,the total amount of slaveholders in 347, 525. Table  Table  

 THE AFRICANS TRANSFERRED TO THE NIAGARA.The United States steamship Niagara, from NewYork, arrived off this Bar on Saturday last, and cameto anchor in about eight fathoms of water, the upperpart of her masts being barely visible from the citywharves. The steamer Gen. Clinch, which was charteredby the United States Marshal, left her wharf onSunday morning and proceeded to Fort Sumter, wherehe took the Africans on board, and proceeded outsidehe Bar to the Niagara, which vessel she reachedsome time after mid-day. The sea was quite rough,and there being some difficulty in getting the Africansoff the steamer, the Clinch was attached to the sternof the frigate by two hawsers, while a third rope wasrun from the spanker boom of the frigate to the deckof the Clinch. On this last line a large tub wasplaced, and in it the negroes were transported fromthe steamer to the ship. The Niagara will probablyleave for Liberia to-day (Monday.)—Charleston CouriaSept. 20. HE FRICANS RANSFERRED TO THE IAGARA. Charleston CouriaSept. 20. 

 A recent decision in what is familiarly known asthe Dred Scott case has brought this Court prominentlybefore the public. It may, therefore, he interestingto know how this tribunal is constituted. Congress has divided the Untied States into nineJudicial Circuits; in each a Circuit Judge is appointedpointed by the President, with the confirmation ofthe Senate.  These nine Judges most at Washington,on the first Monday in December, and constitutethe Supreme Court of the United States. It issaid that the Circuits have always been so arrangedthat a majority of the Judges has been from slaveholding states. At all events, such is the case atpresent. Each of the nine Circuits, as now constituted,embraces the following States. We annex the nameof the Judge and the population of each Circuit accordingto the census of 1850. First Circuit—Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,and Rhode Island—Benjumin R, Curtis ofMassachusetts, Judge—Population, 2,043,204. Second Circuit—Vermont, Connecticut, and NewYork—Samuel Nelson. of New York, Judge—Population,3, 782.306. Third Circuit—New Jersey and Pennsylvania,Robert C. Grier, of Pennsylvania, Judge—Population,2,801,341. Fourth Cuircuit—Delaware, Maryland and Virginia—Peter V. Daniel of Virginia, Judge—Population,slaves included, 2,046,227; slaves excluded,1,531,041. Fifth Circuit—Alabama and Louisiana—John A.Campbell of Alabama, Judge—Population, slavesincluded, 1,289,885; slaves excluded, 701,732. Sixth Circuit—North Carolina, South Carolinaand Georgia—James M. Wayne of Geergia, Judge—Population, slaves included, 1,643,731; salvesexcluded, 789,932. Seventh Circuit—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, andMichigan—John M'Lean of Ohio, Judge—Population,4,217,939. Eighth Circuit—Kentucky, Tennessee and Missouri—John Catron of Tennessee, Judge—Population,salves included, 2,667,166; slaves excluded,2,129,304. Ninth Circuit—Misnssippi and Arkansas—Population,slaves included, 816,223; slaves excluded,583,912. Four free states, Iowa, Wisconsin, California andMinncaota; and two slave states, Florida and —are not included within any Circuit. The Ninth Circuit is without a resident Judge;but the Fourth has two—Roger B. Taney of Mary.land, and Peter V. Daniel of Virginia. The formeris the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Thirteen Free States, with a population of 12,844,790. are divided into four Circuits, and furnishfour Judges of the Supreme Court. Thirteen SlaveStates, with an aggregate population of 8,512,232,or a free population of 5,735,921. furnish fiveJudges, one of whom is the Chief Justice. If we are accused of a sectional spirit in makingthese comparisons, we would remind the reader thatCongress has shown the same, by setting off the FreeStates into Circuits by themselves, and the SlaveStates into Circuits by themselves. It did not useto be so before sectionalism became so rampant atWashington. In the last Congress, the thirty-fourth, at the closeof the last session, a resolution, at the instance ofMr. Stanton of Ohio, was passed by the House, callingupon the Secretary of the Interior to procusefrom the Clerks of the several Circuit and DistrictCourts a statement of the number of cases on theirrespective dockets. The report made at the last sessionshows that two Free State Circuits, the Secondand Seventh, have each more business than all thefive Slave State Circuits put together. Mr. Stantonhad the report referred to the Judiciary Committee,with instructions to inquire into the expediency ofre-organizing the Circuits so as to equalize the business.But they made no report, and Mr. Stantonsays, they never will. never will. The Judges are appointed by the President and amajority of the Senate. In making these appointments,sectional considerations appear to have a decidedinfluence. When the last vacancy occured inthe Second or New York Circuit, Chancellor Walworthof New York was nominated. His democracywas unquestioned; but he was suspected of unsoundnesson the slavery question. So he was rejected bythe Senate, and Judge Nelson appointed in his place. unsoundness Senator Badger of North Carolina was nominatedto fill the last vacancy in the Fifth Circuit, but hehad expressed the opinion that Congress has theright to prohibit slavery in the territories. So theSenate rejected him, and put Judge Campbell in thevacant place. By these and other like changes, so as to get theright tools in the right place, the President and Senate,representing the great and mighty overshadow.ing oligarchy of this country, at length formed aSupreme Court, whose blanted moral perceptions,legal quibbling, and strong sectional prejudices wereenough for the Dred Scott decision, and, perhaps,for something more. right tools 

 WEST INDIA EMANCIPATION VINDICATED. Thespeech of Rev. Mr. Bleby on West India Emancipationis worth ten times the price asked for it. It is thesunlight shed down upon the history of the greatevent of which it treats, and cannot fail to awakengratitude to God that he is again vindicating theright. Mr. Bleby is a Wesleyan missionary, at preset,in Barbadoes; and no man is better able to speakupon the workings of Emancipation than he la, havingbeen upon those islands for more than twenty-sevenyears. EST NDIA MANCIPATION INDICATED. This masterly speech, so worthy to be preserved asmatter of history, and as a work of reference, has beenissued in pamphlet form, and is now on sale at thisoffice. It will he at the Western Conferences to alimited extent, and may be had by sending to thisoffice. Price, 40 cants a dozen, postpaid to any partof the country. As but a small edition has been issued,wed, friends will need be active in supplying themselves.Sand on your orders at once.—Syracuse TrueWesleyan. Syracuse TrueWesleyan. 

 The old negro whose name has attained such historicalprominence in this country, in connectionwith the Missouri compromise, the Supreme Court,and the general question of African slavery, is nowdone with the things of time; and, though he hadno status before the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates, there is no reason to suppose that his coloror condition excluded him from the presence of thegreat Judge of the universe. In ages yet to come,when the names of the minor actors in the politicsof the day will have been forgotten, Dred Scott andthe decision which bears his name will be familiarwords in the mouth of the ranting demagogue inrostrum and pulpit, and of the student of politicalhistory. The telegraph informs us that Dred diedon Friday, the 17th inst., in the city of St. Louis;and, although the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates overruled his claims to freedom, he died a freeman, and with the consciousness that his wife Marriettand his two young daughters, Eliza and Lixxie,were also loosed from their bonds. status Although Dred's name has made such a stir in theworld, his life was by no means an eventful one. Hewas born on the plantation of the Blow family, inVirginia, and up to about his tenth year he enjoyedhis share of the fun, frolic and sports that usuallyfall to the lot of such fortunate ebon youngsters.He was subsequently carried by his master to St.Louis, and it was during his abode in that city, webelieve, that he changed masters, Blow having soldhim to Dr. Emerson, then a surgeon in the UnitedStates army. In the course of his new master'smilitary career, Dred found himself, from 1834 to1836, located at the military post at Rock Island,in Illinois, and subsequently at the since famousFort Snelling, in Minnesota. Dr. Emerson died, andhis widow, became, and now is, the wife of the Hon.Calvin C. Chaffee, member of Congress from theState of Massachusetts. For some ten years before the death of Dr. ——which event occurred about twelve years since—he had resided in St. Louis, Dred Scott being oneone of the household. But while at Fort Snolling,Dred had taken unto himself as wife the girl Harriott,then also a slave of Major Taliaferro, of theUnited States army. This was his second wife. Hisfirst died childless. Harriett bore him four childrentwo only of whom are living. Their namesare Eliza and Lassie, and their ages are respectivelyabout ten and fifteen.   After the death of Doctor Emerson, Dred Scottbecame the body servant of Capt. Bainbridge, andwas at Corpus Christi on the breaking out of theMexican war. On his return to St. Louis. he made application tohis late mistress on the subject of purchasing thefreedom of himself and family. She, however, wasaverse to the proposition, and refused to entertainit. Then it was that the Dred Scott case" commenced.Dred was informed that having been voluntarilytaken by his master into free territory (Illinoisand Minnesota), he by that act became free.He, therefore, about ten years ago, brought a suitfor his freedom against the executor of Dr. Emerson'swill—Mr. John F.A. Sanford—and the CircuitCourt of St. Louie decided it in his favor. Thatdecision, however, was overruled by the SupremeCourt of the State of Missouri; and thence it camebefore the Supreme Court of the United States,which refused to entertain it on the ground that thedescendants of Africans who had been sold here asslaves, were not, under the constitution, citizens ofthe United States, and therefore not entitled to suein the Supreme Court. This decision was made thetext for vituperative assaults from the press, pulpitand rostrum against the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates; and as well for the principles it settles asfor the dicta it lays down, will continue to be, as ithas been, the fruitful theme of politicians of bothsections for perhaps centuries to come. But, although the decision was not such as DredScott had been led to believe or hope, and althoughunder it he and his family were in the condition ofchattel property, still he, in reality, lost nothing byit. His real owner had been Mr. Chaffee, althoughthe suit was brought against Sanford, the executorof Emerson's will. A representative of the commonwealthof Massachusetts could not, with any sort ofgrace, be the proprietor of human chattels. But, ashe was a non-resident of the State, be could not,under the laws of Missouri, emancipate his slaves.These laws, however, are easily circumvented, wherethe disposition to do so exists, as it did in this case.The Scotts— parents and children—were conveyedback to the representative of their original proprietor,Mr. Taylor Blow, of St. Louis—'one of themboys he was raised with'—as Dred used to expressit, and this Mr. Blow formally entered up theiremancipation in the proper ocurt. Dred was probably not over fifty years of age athis death, although the general impression was thatha was quite an old darkey. His widow is considerablyhis junior. She follows the business of a laundressin St. Louis, and Dred used to aid her in thebusiness by carrying the clothes back and forward.The girls disappeared as soon as they learned theeffect of the Dred Scott decision, but they subsequentlyreturned to the parental roof.—N.Y. Herald. N.Y. Herald. 

 FUGITIVE SLAVE RETUANED. The Mobile Mercuryof the evening of Aug. 25, says:—The bark J.L.Davis, which sailed on Sunday last for New York, returnedto the bay yesterday morning, having founda negro on board, who had secreted himself for thepurpose of ascertaining what Northern freedom means.The bark J.L. Davis is a regular Mobile and NewYork trader, and is commanded by Capt. Samuel G.Fairchild.' The Mobile Ragister remarks:— 'Whetheror not Capt. Fairchild will receive that reward whichis justly due him from all slaveholders, he still hasthe satisfaction of knowing and feeling that he haslone all that was his duty, and even more; for, insteadof landing the negro at Key West, or at someother point convenient on his route, which is all thatthe law required of him, ha tacked his bark and returnedto the port from whence the fugitive was attemptingto escape, and placed him in hands so thathe might be delivered to the proper authorities, andreturned to his owner.' UGITIVE LAVE ETUANED. Mercury Ragister 

 Correspondence of the N.Y. Tribune. OBERLIN, Ohio, Sept. 14,1858. I was in one of the bookstores about 1:30 p. m.yesterday, when a gentleman came rushing in, palewith excitement, and cried out, 'They have carriedoff one of our men in broad daylight, and are an houron their way already!' broad daylight 'They can't have him!' we all screamed together,and rushed into the street. The news was only justgetting out, having come from a gentleman whochanced to meet the fleeing party, a mile or twosouth of the village. Brief words were spoken, andthen a rush to the livery stables. But nearly all thehones were out. Such as could be obtained werespeedily on their way. Fanners' wagons, privatecarriages, and every hock in town were chartered asfast as they could be. In fifteen minutes the squarewas alive with students and citizens armed withweapons of death. Revolvers slid quietly into theirplaces, rifles were loaded and capped, and shot-guns,muskets, pistols and knives bristled or peeped onevery side. The great difficulty experienced in gettingconveyances, however, was a serious hindrance,and it was a full hour before I could get started. They can't have him This side of Pittsfield our tire ran off, but in tenminutes we had it on again. So far as we couldlearn, the kidnappers had taken the road to Wellington,which would be their nearest station on theCleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati Railroad; andwe knew that if they waited there for the train, theycould not get away till 5 o'clock. We pressed onhard, and made the nine miles in a trifle over anhour. Passing through Pittsfield, we hallooed to agroup at the store, and bade them join us. Somelying fellow responded, 'We're all Democrats here!'Lay that away against election. When we had arrivedwithin two miles of Wellington, a young manmet us, driving furiously, and begged us to push onwith all possible has to, as the rascals were alreadyovertaken and surrounded! You may guess that nograss grew under our feet. Arrived at last, we dismounteda little outside, and forming in ordermarched up with arms in sight. Quite a crowdwere collected, but only a few seemed resolute,though all were intensely anxious and excited. Theyreceived us with great cheering, as they did also thecompanies that kept constantly arriving thereafter.The parties of whom we were in pursuit were in thesecond story of the Brick Hotel; but the landlord,who was a faithful Buchaneer, determined to keepevery one out. A Justice of the Peace and his assistants,however, could not be kept out, and wentup to make official inquiries. After them also a fewof our own company by some means gained admittances,and learning the facts reported them to us. It seems that a young colored boy, 18 or 20 yearsof age, had been wicked enough to run away fromsomewhere down South, having that disposition tobetter his circumstances, if possible, than whichnothing could be more laudable. Correspondencehad been going on with reference to said boy, similarto that I informed you of a few days since, bywhich means somebody had come for him, butwhether it was his master or not, I did not positivelylearn, and do not can. A man, calling himselfU.S. Marshal Lowe, bad forms of papers with him,purporting to have been issued by U.S. authoritiesat Columbus, but mysteriously lacking a seal!Then was no assurance whatever, therefore, thatthen persons had even the shadow of the Great PirateAct to shield them, and the crowd began to getvery ominously restive. By this time the alarm hadspread widely, the accessions from Oberlin had becomeformidable, and the square was nearly full.Hundreds of ladies crowded the sidewalks, the stores,all adjacent windows, and the nearest roofs. Thecrowd began to cry fiercely, Bring him out!''Bring out the man!' 'Out with him!' Out!''Out!' Companies of men, fully armed, repeatedlyneared the door, ready for their work; but weremet as frequently by the local officials before mentioned,with the solemn assurance that if they wouldonly be patient, the Marshal and his men should bearrested for kidnapping, and be judged by the letterof the law. Bring him out!''Bring out the man!' 'Out with him!' Out!''Out But minutes lengthened into half hours, and halfhours, added to each other, drew on the night. Theprospect was getting dark. The rumor was rife,and scarcely questioned, that a telegram had beensent to the United States Marshal at Cleveland formilitary succor, and although they could not comein by the 5 o'clock train, they might charter an extra.The men would wait no longer, and preparedagain for the assault. The poor fellow's pleadingface the attic window stirred the blood too deepfor quiet, and the word went round again that hemust he brought out! The local officials now withdrew,promising not to interfere in any way. Justnow, too, the Marshal approached, under the protectionof a constable and one of our party, and,going a few doors one side, drew half the crowd afterhim to read his papers. He thought that h is papers,when exposed to view, would frighten everybodyhome. Poor man! his simplicity was to be pitied.The warrant of a company of pirates, though theysit in Columbia's capitol, has no right in it; andthe power of Democracy was weakness that day.While the Marshal was reading, the front door wasthrown open, and the crowd rushed up, headed bypersons who carried no illegal weapons. hemust he brought out The landlord soon appeared here, however, andseriously hindered those who sought entrance. In atwinkling, therefore, a ladder was placed against thebalcony, guarded at both ends by the right men, andall want up who desired. Some picked men weremarshaled and led up the second flight of stairs tothe attic door. Two or three men were inside toguard the prey, and one or men who had better motives.But resistance was not thought of, for althoughthe assailants would not have harmed theguard so long as they were quiet, the first shot orstroke of resistance would have been answered inkind. After a moment's hesitation, the door wasunfastened from within, opened from without, andthe next instant, while the crowd rushed down thefront way, huzzaing at the top of their lungs, theprisoner was borne out through a rear door, to acarriage in waiting, and immediately took his departurefor the North, amid the shouts of his friends.I am informed by an eye-witness, that the slaveholderand his assistant were in the hall, during theascent to and the demount form the attie, quietlystanding aside out of every one's way, and havingno weapons at all in sight. Nobody here believes that land-pirates have anymore right to 'life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness'than water-pirates. As soon as the first burst of rejoicing was over,Marshal Lowe appeared at the attic window besidethe gentleman who had protected him among thecrowd, and begged through his protector to know ifhis life would be safe now that the black man wasgiven up and gone. The cry was, 'Yes.' Some oneshouted, 'They will be safe now, if they are neverto come again' but if they come again, no one willbe accountable for their lives a moment!' The'Aye', 'Aye,' 'Aye,' that indorsed this must havemade the gentleman in question feel queer all theway from their hats to their hoots. Since writing the above, I am told that the Marshal'spapers were all right, having whatever sealwas necessary; but the coward did not serve them,and is therefore, de facts, at any rate, nothing betterthan a kidnapper. The fugitive had been sickfor some time, and was still weak. But not daringto lay hands on him in Oberlin, they hired a boy tooffer him a ride but into the country and back again,and when he drew up to their carriage, two miles outsidethe village, they obliged him to change conveyances,and at once hurried him off. They selectedthe daytime and the dinner hour for their work, forthe obviously good reason that every one was thenleast suspicious. The conduct of Marshal Daytonhad put every one upon their guard at sight, and itwould have been almost impossible to have succeededin any other method beside that chosen. The Marshal'spapers were returnable in Columbus, where,of course, every thing would have been quietly settled.It was unmitigated kidnapping so far as itwent; but, bless God, it didn't go far. No one washurt, not a sbilling's damage was done, not a shotfired, and the boy saved! de facts The Kentucky officer appeared upon the balcony,under protection, and said he 'had come to executethe laws, but we had been too much for him!' Agentleman instantly sprang upon a box, and beggedhim to carry back to Kentucky, 'That no one needcome here to carry off our citizens, for they wouldfind us too much for 'em every time! We believein State Sovereignty, and the moment a slave touchesOhio soil he is free, and all the South combined cannotcarry him back, if we say No!' The Kentuckianbegged through his protector, in imitation ofthe redoubtable Marshal, to know if his life wouldbe graciously spared, and received the same assurancethat was given before. I have just this momentlearned that the use these rascals are makingof the indulgence granted them, is to tarry quietlyin their quarters, and plot further mischief. Twostudents of yesterday's party, returning to-day for amissing gun, were pursued by the Marshal, and bythe hardest driving only escaped him. We shall nottolerate this. If they do not leave soon, we shallsend a Committee to see them off. Had they notappeared to realize most fully their hair-breadth escapelast evening, we should have insisted upon seeingthem on board the next train, without compromise. But to conclude. The whole line of our returnmarch was triumphal. Nearly every farm-house hademptied its occupants into the road to cheer andbless us, and we returned their greetings in thewarmest style. At home, the whole town was out.In front of the Post-Office they joined us in threeterrific groans for Democracy, and three gloriouscheers for Liberty. In front of the Palmer Housethese were repeated, and then one standing up, commandedsilence, and spoke as follows: 'Genetleman,we know not what may hereafter be attempted. Butwe want to know who can be relied on. So manyof you as will here solemnly pledge yourselves torally on the instant of an alarm, armed and readyto pursue and rescue, say 'Aye!' The response was enough to make a man's hairstand up. It was repeated three times. Threegroans were given for Marshal Dayton, throughwhose voluntary correspondence the fugitive's retreatwas discovered, as there are the best reasonsfor believing. He wisely left town, and kept awayfrom Wellington. When he returns, if he dare returnat all, he must either come penitent, or he mayhave serious groanings to do for himself. The populaceare almost furious at him. Finally, it wasvoted with deafening unanimity that whoever laidhands on a black man in this community no matterwhat the color of authority, would do so at the perilof his life! If the occasion comes, it will be seenthat this was no empty talk. We to the slaveholderor Marshal that comes prowling about Oberlinhereafter! A fugitive cannot be taken fromhere. A number of speeches kept the crowd togetheruntil a late hour. 

 FRARFUL AERIAL EXCURSION. A Balloonist namedThurston was carried off by his balloon on Thursday,from Adrian, Michigan, after his descent, and after;the basket and netting ware removed, and the balloonhad become inverted, he himself holding on to theuninflected portion, and seated on the valve board.He was seen high up in Um air, in the direction ofMaiden, C.W. The balloon came down four hoursafterwards, near Baptist Creek. Mr. Thurston wasseen upon it a short time before It was secured, and issupposed to have fallen in the marshes near lake St.Claire. Search b being made for him, and great anxietyexists for his safety. RARFUL ERIAL XCURSION. This adventure of Mr. Thurston has recalled a similarone which occurred in 1856. Timothy Winchestermade an ascent from Norfolk, Ohio, in August ofthat year, starting in good spirits and amid Um cheersof a large concourse of people, since which time he hasnot been heard of When last seen, be was near, andgoing in the direction of Lake Erie. No tidings haveever been had of him or his balloon. This balloon, too,belonged to Mr. Bannister. since which time he hasnot been heard of 

 Mr. Cox, the Democratic candidate for Congressin the Columbus District, with other Democraticstumpers and writers, charges the Republicans withbeing in favor of 'negro suffrage and negro equality.'Some years ago, this same Mr. Cox traveled somein Europe, and wrote letters home to the Statesman,under the signature of 'Buckeye Abroad.'These letters attracted a good deal of attention, andhave since been published in book form, and introducedinto our School Libraries by Mr. Barney, thelate Superintendent of Common Schools in this State.The following extracts from that book will showwhat Mr. Cox's sentiments were on 'negro equality'at that time. The scene described occurred inRome. He says:— Statesman 'Soon there arises in this chamber of theatricalglitter, a plain, unquestioned African, and he uttersthe sermon in facile Latinity, with graceful manner.His dark hands gestured harmoniously with the rotundperiods, and his swart visage beamed with ahigh order of intellgence. 'What a commentary was here upon our Americanprejudice! The head of the great CatholicChurch, surrounded by the ripest scholars of the age,listening to the eloquence of the despised negro, andthereby illustrating to the world the common bondof brotherhood which binds the human race. I confessthat, at first, it seemed to me a sort of theatricalmummery, not being familiar with such admixturesof society. But, on reflection, I discerned init the same influence which, during the dark ages,conferred such inestimable blessings on mankind.History records that from the time when the Barbariansoverrun the Western Empire to the time ofthe revival of letters, the influence of the Church ofRome had been generally favorable to science,to civilization, and to good government. Why?Because her system held then, as it holds now, alldistinctions of caste as odious.'—p. 133. HE BRINGS AWAY A TROPHY. 'The sermon of the Abyssinian, in beautifulprint, was distributed at the door. I bring onehome as a trophy, and a souvenir, of a great truth,which Americans are prone to deny or contemn.'—p. 134. No one would imagine, after reading these extracts,that Mr. Cox was violently opposed to 'negroequality.' On the contrary, he condemned theprejudice against negroes so prevalent in America,and after listening to the very eloquent and unctuousdiscourse of that negro in Rome, with the ripestscholars of the age, he came to the conclusion thatit illustrated 'to the world the common bond ofbrotherhood which binds the human race.'—Urbana,(O.) Citizen. Urbana,(O.) Citizen. 

 More Slavers to be Caught.—From a letter receivedin Norfolk, theDay Bech learns that the U.S. steamerDispatch b ordered by the Navy Department fromher present place of rendezvous, Pensacola, to cruiseon the north aide of Cuba, for the purpose of interceptingtwo more slavers, daily expected to land theircargoes on that bland. This action was Um result ofinformation gathered from some of the officers connectedwith the hue capture of the brig Putnam bythe Dolphin. More Slavers to be Caught. Day Bech 

 About a year since, in Rock Castle County, Ky.,several guardians of the institution deliberately burneda meeting-house, which had recently been dedicatedto the worship of God by an Anti-SlaveryChristian church. But finding this insufficient todeter the faithful minister, the Rev. John G. Fee,from coming to his appointment, they next seizedhim while preaching the word of life, and draggedhim like a dog, amid the most horrid oaths and vulgarities,out of their county, swearing that if he everreturned, they would kill him. These crimes weredeemed necessary for the protection of Slavery.Deemed so not only by a drunken mob, but by thecitizens of Rock Castle Co. This is evident from thefact that the Circuit Court had a session soon afterthese crimes, and has had another since, and theGrand Jury being instructed by the Judge to 'protecttheir rights,' not only would not inquire intothe crime, but would not suffer a legal investigationof it before them, though the incendiaries made theirboasts of their crime, and the mobbing was done atnoon day. Now, here is an instance where the highestof crimes is perpetrated by a mob, recommended,or rather encouraged by a Judge, and protected andindorsed and thus recommitted by a Grand Jury, aa means of 'protecting their rights,' vls: to enslavetheir fellow men. Let me ask the defenders ofslavery if any thing but crime needs protection bycrime? But this protections of slavery has encouragedother crime. Only a weak or two since, at an electioneeringgathering in Rock Castle Country, sixmen were cruelly butchered by a pack of drunkenbullies, who have been reared up in the midst ofwhips and chains, and taught to love cruelty andblood, and to ignore the execution of law againstcrime. It is a fact that such reckless characters canbe found wherever slavery exists. They seem tospring up as a spontaneous growth in the land ofblood. and whenever they are encouraged to doviolence to the innocent, like the hyena that hasonce tasted human blood, they are tenfold more ferociousand bloodthirsty. And if they cannot findsome one of more noble sentiments to prey upon,they will butcher one another. Not two monthsago, a man was killed in Laurel Country. Sincethen, a brother of his was killed in Owsley Country.And still more recently, two men were killed in ClayCountry —all in frays—and nobody expects the perpetratorsto be called to account. McKES KY. GEO. CANDER. Y. EO. ANDER. 

 The Africans.—The captured Africans, taken anboard the Niagara, to be delivered fat Liberia, numberedtwo hundred and seventy-one, showing a mortalitysince their arrival at Charleston, of thirty-five, insteadof twenty-five, as previously stated,—the originalnumber being three hundred and six. The negroeswere all apparently in good condition. The Africans. 

 EDITORIAL ABSENCR. The editor of the Liberatorwill be absent from his post during the entire mouthof October, on an Anti-Slavery lecturing tour inPennsylvania, Ohio, Western New York, &c. Heexpects to be present at the approaching anniversaryof the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery society atWest Chester, and also at that of the Ohio A.S. Societyat Salem. DITORIAL BSENCR. Liberator 

 'Hired Out' for Life.—A colored man named WilhamBrodie, of the bark Overman, of New York, whowas convisted some time since in Darien, Ga., of attemptingto invaght slaves, was last week hired outto Dr. James B. Stripling, of Tatnal county, Maryland,for $553, the amount of fine and costs of suit. 'Hired Out' for Life. Singular Ballon Incident.—On Friday of last week.a man named Wilson made an ascension from theFair grounds at Centralia, I Hinois, in a balloon belongingto Brooks, the aeronaut. He descended shouteighteen miles distant, at the farm of a Mr. Harvey.After the grappling iron had been made fast, Harvey,to amuse his children, one a boy, aged about fouryears, and the other a girl of eight years, placed themin the basket car, and permitted them to ascend severaltimes as high as the rope would allow. Unexpectedlythe grappling iron slipped from the father'shand, and the balloon, with its precious freight, waswelted out of sight. The distress of the parent knowno bounds. The peril of his children he consideredimminent. for what assurance had he that they wouldnot be borne into some dense forest, where theywould be overtaxes with hunger before they could befound, be drowned? As soon as it was possible, anExtra was issued at Centralia, and the whole neighboringcountry placed on the alert to watch for theballoon and children. Singular Ballon Incident. Saturday morning, at daybreak, a farmer near NewCarthage, forty-three miles distant from Mr. Harvey'splace. discovered the balloon suspended in the air,attached by the grappling the balloon down, and foundthe youngest child carefully watching over her littlebrother. They had been wafted about by differentcurrents of air throughout the night, and had cometo a halt but a little while before they were relieved The story the girl told was, that as the balloon ascended,she cried piteously to her father to pull itdown. She said she passed over a town where shesaw a great many people, to whom she likewise appealedat the top of her voice. This place was Centralia.The balloon was seen to pass over there, butthe people little imagined it contained two persons insuch danger. Her little brother cried with cold, andthe heroes girl took off her apron, covered him, andgot him 10 sleep. In handling the ropes, she happenedto pull one which had the effect of bringingthe balloon down, and although not understandingthe philosophy of the movement, the was quite contentto keep the valve open, so long as by doing so,she found she approached the earth. The youthful serial voyagers were in the balloonabout thirteen hours and a quarter. It may well beimagined, that among the neighbors where they landed,they were the objects of much curiosity and interest.The girl's presence of mind, and loving considerationfor her brother, may well entitle her to remembrance,while the incident itself was of such a remarkablecharacter, that we opine it will not soon be forgottenin that section. The boy and girl were conveyed home as soon aspracticable, and it is needless to say, were receivedwith outstretched arms.—St. Louis Republican, 21st. St. Louis Republican, 21st. Columbus, Ohio, Sept. 23.—Terrible Tragedy.—Awoman named Schelling, at Groveport, in this county,committed murder yesterday by throwing into a well,thirty-live feet deep, her four children; one boy, theother three girls; the oldest twelve years, the youngesttwo years. She afterwards jumped in herself. Allwere taken out dead. The woman is supposed tohave been insane. Columbus, Ohio, Sept. 23.—Terrible Tragedy. ☞A false alarm of fire was raised at the Shefflold(Eng.) Music Hall during a concert, which created apanic among the audience, during which half a dozenwere crushed to death, and many others were injured. Maine Election.—The Republicans carried the Maineelection, re-electing Gov. Morrill by 8000 or 9000majority. The same party re-elected all six of themembers of Congress, and secured a decided majorityof both branches of the Legislature, thereby ensuringthe re-election of Mr. Fessenden to the U.S. Senate.This election has excited great interest among politicians,and the canvas was hotly urged by both parties. Maine Election. ☞It will be seen by a notice in another column,that Miss Sarah P. Remond, of this city, purposes togive a lecture on American Slavery, at the LyceumHall, to-morrow evening. We hear this lady wallspoken of in other places, and hope to see a full houseto cheer and encourage her in the noble cause to whichshe has so earnestly devoted herself.—Salem Observer,25th ult. Salem Observer,25th ult. ☞Hundreds of houses have been burned at Moscowby clandestine makers of Lucifer matches. Forestswere still in flames on the 1st of September, andthe smoke was intolerable at St. Petersburg. ☞Gerrit Smith has made a donation of $500 tothe Alfred Academy, located in Alleghany county,N.Y., with the understanding that, should he beelected Governor, $600 more would be forthcoming. 

 The following petition has been widely circulatedin this Commonwealth, to which every one who wouldnot be accessory to slave-hunting and kidnapping hissignature. Those to whose care it has been committedare earnestly requested to give every person intheir particular city, town, or village, as far as practicable,an opportunity to affix his name to it, withthe least possible delay. women as well as men areexpected to sign it, and great reliance is placed ontheir cooperation. To the Honorable Senate and House of Representativesof the Commonwealth of Massachusetts: — To the Honorable Senate and House of Representativesof the Commonwealth of Massachusetts The undersigned, citizens of Massachusetts, respectfullyask you to enact that no person, who has beenheld as a slave, shall be delivered up, by any officeror court, State or Federal, within this Commonwealth,to any one claiming him on the ground that he owes'service or labor' to such claimant, by the laws ofone of the save States of this Union. ☞Blank copies of this petition may be obtainedon application to R.F. WALLCUT, 21 Cornhill. ALLCUT 

 To be Held at Washburn Hall during Cattle-Show Week,the first week in October. To be Held at Washburn Hall during Cattle-Show Week,the first week in October. As the time is approaching for holding our annualFair in this city, the object of which is well known toall, we earnestly solicit the assistance of all those whohave hitherto co-operated with us, and others whomthe increasing demands of the times have aroused toa sense of the responsibility resting upon them to doall in their power for the overthrow of the giant evilwith which we are contending. Donations of moneyor refreshments will be thankfully received. TheFair will open on Tuesday evening, Oct. A. Furtherparticulars hereafter. Communications maybe addressed to any member of the Committee. ANNE H. SOUTHWICK, Worester, NNE OUTHWICK ADELINE H. HOWLAND, Worester, DELINE OWLAND EMILY SARGENT, Worester, MILY ARGENT LUCY CHADE, Worester, UCY HADE HANNAH M. BOCERS, Worester, ANNAH OCERS AREY W. WYMAN, Worester, REY YMAN SARAH L. BUTMAN, Worester, ARAH UTMAN HANNAH RICE, Worester, ANNAH ICE OLIVE LOVELAND, Worester, LIVE OVELAND MARY O. HIGGINSON, Worester, ARY IGGINSON SARAN R. MAY, LEIOESTER, ARAN AY EIOESTER MART S. MCFARLAND, LEIOESTER, ART CFARLAND EIOESTER SOPHIA S. MCFARLAND, LEIOESTER, OPHIA CFARLAND EIOESTER LYDIA B. DENNY, Clappvilla, YDIA ENNY EMMA W. WYMAN, Boston, MMA YMAN MARY E. HODGES, Dorchester, ARY ODGES FRANCES H. DDEAKE, Leominster, RANCES DEAKE POLLY D. BRADISK, Upton, OLLY RADISK KATHERINE E. FARNUN, Waterford, ATHERINE ARNUN MARIA P. FAIRBANKS, Millville, ARIA AIRBANKS NANCY B. HILL, Blackstone, ANCY ILL AERY B. HUSSRY, Lanesster, ERY USSRY LOUISA F. HALE, Upton. OUISA ALE SUSAN B. EERESTT, Princeton, USAN ERESTT MARY ANN GRIFFIN, ARY NN RIFFIN ELIEA HOWE, LIEA OWE CAROLINE WAIT, Hubbardston. AROLINE AIT 

 BIOGRAPHIES OF ANCIENT AND MODERN CRLRERATEDFREETHINKERS. Reprinted from an English work,entitled 'Half Hours with the freethinkers,' By'Iconoclast,' Collins &Watts. Boston: Publishedby J.P. Mendum, at the office of the Investigator.1858. pp. 844. IOGRAPHIES OF NCIENT AND ODERN CRLRERATED REETHINKERS. In this volume is presented in a readable form,an abstract of the lives and doctrines of some ofthose who have stood foremost in the ranks of Free-thoughtin all countries and in all ages— vix., Thos,Hobbes, Lord Bolingbroke, Condorcet, Spinoza, AnthonyCollins, Des Cartes, Voltaire, John Toland,Compt de Volney, Charles Blonnt, Percy Byasheshelly, Claude Arin Helvetius, Frances W.D. Arusmont,Epicurus, Zeno, Matthew Tindal, David Hume,Dr. Thomas Burnet, Thomas Paine, Baptiste de Mirabaud,Baron D'Holbach, Robert Taylor, Joseph Barker.However erroneous some of the opinions of thesenoted freethinkers may have been, the word is largelyindebted to them for the effective blows they havegiven to priestcraft, bigotry and superstition — for themanly example they have act of mental independenceand unconquerable contumacy as against blind tradition,religious credulity, and popular proscription.They are not to be refuted by chief priest, scribe, orPharisee. Few persons have had the fairness or courageto examine their writings; and the time has notyet come for justice to be done to their philosophicalspeculations, we nevertheless respect thebravery of their unshackled spirits, and appreciate theextraordinary force and vigor of their reasoningpowers. AGNES. A Novel. By the Author of 'Ida Msy.'Boston: Phillips, Sampeen &Co, 1858. GNES. The wide interest that was excited in 'Ida May,'and the large sale that was procured for it, will bepretty sure to draw attention to this new work of Mrs.Pike, which is connected with the revolutionary stragglefor independence, and contains many exciting passagesand well-drawn portraits. 

 The Sixteenth Annual Meeting of the WesternAnti-Slavery Society will be held in SALEM, ColumbianaCo., Ohio, commencing on Saturday, October16, at 10 o'clock, A.M., and continuing probablythree days. ALEM The mighty efforts put forth by the South to sustainits pet institution—the subaerviency of Northernpoliticiane, who meanly obey the behests of theirmasters—the cowardice and the truckling policy ofthe great mass of those who claim to be the opponentsof the Slave Power—the efforts of sectarian organizationsto preach peace, when there should be nopeace, and cannot be, except to curse our nation;these, all these demand of the true friends of freedomthat they, at least, shall continue to be 'faithfulamong the faithless found.' Come up, then, to the help of the slave against hisoppressor—he asks your presence, your counsel, yourpecuniary aid. Let this annual gathering of thefriends of freedom be such as will give a new impetusto the cause of freedom. Let it lie a demonstrationof the power of Truth and Justice, of the existenceof an Abolitionism which is without concealment—bold, and without compromise faithful. WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON—the pioneer of thecause has promised to be present at the meeting,and other friends from the Best, whose names may behereafter announced, will probably be in attendance. ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON BENJ. S. JONES, Bes. Sec. Bes. Sec. 

 NEW MUSIC. We are indebted to Oliver Ditson &C., 277 Washington Street, Boston, for the followingpieces: — EW USIC. Marche Funebre de L.V. Beethoven. Solo andDuett for the piano. Marche Funebre Fantaisie at Veracious brillentee pour le piano,sur les motifs de l'Opera La Sirene (de F.E. Auber,)par Henri Rosellen. Fantaisie at Veracious brillentee Hoop de dooden doo. Galop, composed by Chas.D'Albert. Jeannette Polka, composed by Jos. Kaierowsky. Jeannette Polka Darling Nelly Grey. Quickstep, arranged for thepiano by Geo. B. ware. Darling Nelly Grey. 

 The Twenty-second Annual Meeting of the PennsylvaniaAnti-Slavery Society will be held in HORTICULTUTALHALL, WEST CHESTER, on Wednesday.Thursday and Friday, the 0th, 7th and 8th of October,commencing the first day at 10 o'clock, A.M. PennsylvaniaAnti-Slavery Society ORTICULTUTAL ALL We earnestly invoke the members and friends ofthe Society, by their interest in the cause which it isour aim to promote, and their regard far the credit ofthe State which h is our purpose to redeem, to be inpunctual attendance at the time and place appointed,ready to contribute their past, whatever that may be,toward the object of the meeting. We also extenda cordial invitation to the friends of freedom everywhere an meat with us when we came together, andshare with as in our deliberations. Distinguished advocates of the cause will be present.and no reasonable Paine will be spared to makethe occasion one of interest and profit. By order of the Executive Committee, JAMES MOTT, Chairmen. Chairmen. 

 LECTURES BY MRS. C.H. DALL. Mrs. Dall hasseveral new Lyceum lectures for the ensuing winter.She will give a course of three lectures in Boston, inthe month of November. pursuing still father thetopics which were started last winter. she is also torepeat her last winter's course in Medford during theensuing October. We wish her great success. ECTURES BY RS. ALL. new 

 The Lecture Committee of the FRATERNITY OF THE TWENTY-EIGHTH CONGREGATIONAL SOCIETY respectfullyinform the public, that they propose presentinga course of RATERNITY WENTY IGHTH ONGREGATIONAL OCIETY On Tuesday Evenings, of the ensuing season, at the Tremont Temple, agreeablyto the following programme:— The opening exercises will take place on TUESDAYEVENING, Oct. 5, 1858, and will consist of aPOEM, by FRANK B. SANBORN, Esq., on 'TheTimes.' RANK ANBORN To be followed by a LECTURE, by Rev. THEODORE PARKER, onFranklin.' HEODORE ARKER The course will continue weekly, as follows:— Oct. 12—Rev. STARR KING, on 'Light and Insight.' TARR ING Oct. 19—G. WM. CURTIS, Esq.; 'Fair Play forWomen.' M. URTIS Oct.26—Rev. TROS. W. HIGGINSON; 'PhysicalTraining for Americans.' ROS. IGGINSON Nov. 2—Rev. THEODORE PARKER; 'Washington.' HEODORE ARKER Nov. 9—Hon. JOHN P. HALE. OHN ALE. Nov. 16—Mrs. ELIZABETH C. STANTON; 'The Citizen.' LIZABETH TANTON Nov. 23—Rev. HENRY WARD BEECHAR (probably.) ENRY ARD EECHAR Nov. 30—Rev. THEODORE PARKER; 'Adams.' HEODORE ARKER Dec.7—RALPH WALDO EMERSON; 'Fate.' ALPH ALDO MERSON Dec. 14—BAYARD TAYLOR, Esq.; 'Life Abroad.' AYARD AYLOR Dec. 21—Rev. E.H. CHAPIN, D.D.; 'Genius of Discovery.' HAPIN Dec. 28— Rev. THEODORE PARKER; 'Jefferson.' HEODORE ARKER HERR VAAS will provide at the Organ. ERR AAS Tickets for the Course, (admitting a gentleman andlady,) $2; for a single admission, (one person,) 15cents. No more tickets will be issued than will allowthe holders comfortable seats. To be procuredat the principal Bookstores, and at the office of theTremont Temple. 

 ANTI-SLAVERY LECTURES. We learn that E.H. Heywoodspoke on American slavery, on Sunday evening,Sept. 12th, in the Orthodox meeting-house inHubbardston; and that a very large audience, includingone or more of the ministers of the paces, attended.His remarks gave rise to a discussion ofmuch interest. NTI LAVERY ECTURES. On Sunday evening, September 19th, Mr. Heywoodspoke on the same subject at the WesleyanMethodist meeting-house in Leicester. His remarkswere prefaced by the reading of suitable Scripturepassages, and a prayer offered by the Rev. Mr. Bullock,the pastor. Rev. Mr. Coolidge, of the OrthodoxCongregational church, omitted his customaryevening service, and, with many of his people, attendedMr. Heywood's lecture. Mr. H. spoke in acalm, argumentative, and very earnest manner. Heurged the duty of the church to treat slaveholding,and all connected with it, as sinful in the highest degree,and to act all circumstances, and towards allpersons guilty of this great in, with at least the samestringency they would use in dealing with cross ofbelief. he was at times very eloquent, and his hearersappeared much interested. —M. 

 The fourteenth Annual Course of Lectures beforethe Salem Female Anti-Slavery Society will commenceearly in October inst., and will be given by thefollowing persons:— Salem Female Anti-Slavery Society CHAS. C. BURLEIGH,WM. WELLS BROWN,SUSAN B. ANTHONY,Rev. WM. R. ALGER,Rev. SAMUEL J. MAY," GEO. B. CHERVER," C.E. HODGEN, HAS. URLEIGH M. ELLS ROWN USAN NTHONY M. LGER AMUEL AY EO. HERVER ODGEN PARKER PILLSBURY, ARKER ILLSBURY WM. LLOYD GARRISON. M. LOYD ARRISON. Tickets for the Course may be had at the Bookstoreof John S. Ives&Co., at 50 cents each. Single ticketsat the door, 10 cents. CAROLINE BALCH, Sec'y. Sec'y. Salem, Oct. 1, 1858. 

 ☞Parson Browalow, who argned the slaveryquestion at Philadelphia with Rev. Mr. Pryne of NewYork, is demouneed generally by all the papers, Eventhe New York Herald alls him 'an exponent of theblatherskites,' and denounces him in the most unmeasuredterms. The Times pronounces or hopesthat he is insane. ☞Before his departure for England, our friendWm. Rontest, Esq., for many years Postmasters inWarrington, transmitted the following letter to theN.Y. Tribune for publication:— Tribune To the Editor of the New York Tribune: To the Editor of the New York Tribune Sir,—As an Englishman, travailing through thismagnificent continent, seeking far health and information,and looking around with no unsympatheticfeelings toward the vast progress that I have surveyedfrom Boston to the Mississippi, and from Montreal toNew York, you will perhaps find me a small spacein your widely-circulated newspaper for a few of myimpressions on two subjects of importance. I shallselect one for censure, and one for praise. The first isof your postal arrangements. You are far behindthe mother country in the details of your Post Officesystem; and while, of coarse, it is impossible to affordthe same postal conveniences in your sparsely populatedStates which the English Past-Office affords tothat densely populated kingdom, I feel ears that awise practical statesmanship could do a grant dealmore than is done for the welfare and benefit of yourpeople. The absence of dairy free deliveries in yourcities has been a subject of grant wonder to me. Considerthe loss of time this arrangement imposes on thewhole of your latter-writing population! One letter-carrier,engaged at, say one-and-a-quarter dollars parday, could, on the average, easily deliver the lettersfor a thousand houses in two hours. Instead of this,one thousand separate messengers dispatched fromeach house in a city like New York, cannot, on theaverage, occupy less than half an hour each in goingto and returning from the General Poet Office; thatb, 600 business hours are lost daily, where $1.25would pay for the service, sad save all the inconvenienceof the present system. If it be said that thepostal revenue cannot most the additional expense,charge half a cent for each latter delivered, and therewould be a large increase of revenue to the Post-Office,and an immense convenience afforded to the public.Another detail connected with the English postalsystem would be an unspeakable convenience toyour merchants and manufacturers. I allude to thePost-Office Money Order system. In the UnitedKingdom, there are upwards of 2600 post-offices,where any sum, not exceeding $26, being paid in,with directions to pay the same amount at any otherof these offices to a person named by the sender, itwill be done at a coat of six cents for any sum notexceeding $10, and at a cost not exceeding twelvecants for any sum between $10 and $26. Last year,I believe upward of $40,000,000 were thus transmittedin small sums through the Post-Offices of theUnited Kingdom. The help this is to proprietors ofnewspapers in the collection of their annual subscriptionscan hardly be estimated, and I wonder that allthe newspapers of the United States do not unite informing a public opinion in favor of such a system,which would not only incalculably benefit them, butwould confer an almost equal benefit on almost all thedifferent departments of the trading community;which, with the American nation, forms pretty nearlythe whole. Having now done with my censure, I turn withgreat and unmitigated pleasure to the efforts I haveevery where seen in behalf of the education of yourpeople. Oh, that such a system could be importedand copied in my own country! We have maderapid advances in national education during the lasttwenty years; but how much remains to be done yet,before we tread upon your heels 1 Your common primaryand high schools are indeed a credit to yourland, to your energy and to your intelligence; and notcontent with training the ordinary youth, I findschools for the idiotic and the imbecile. I spentsome hours on Wednesday last at Mr. Richards's Establishment,Fifth Avenue and One-hundred-and-Thirty-Firststreet, and was much struck with thewonderful development of educational and trainingpowers shown there—children of both sexes and invarious stages of idiocy were a pleasing as well as apainful sight to look upon—painful to see such mentaldisorder and weakness, but pleasing and touchingto sea how they loved Mr. Richards, and what cheerfuland immediate obedience they yielded to his requests.It has been said that the end of all governmentis to secure the right man in the right place.How carefully should a great people cherish theirgreat men—their first men in every department of lifeand society; and such a man is Mr. Richards, in thedepartment of social usefulness he has undertaken.I had never seen any thing .of this kind before, andmy first impression was, how useless to waste laboron such unpromising materials I But when I reflectedthat each child was the subject of a father's and amother's love, and that to such love, the developmentof the affections and understanding of their offspringmust aver be a subject of pleasure end thanksgiving,I felt that Mr. Richards had devoted himself to a noblework, in which I could cordially bid him Godspeed. To those of your citizens who have not seensuch as institution, and still more especially to thosewho have offspring in this suffering condition, a visitto his establishment could not fail to give satisfactionand pleasure of no ordinary kind. How much humanbenevolence is now accomplishing for the unfortunateand distressed! May the two kindred nationsrival each other in all such useful and praiseworthyinstitutions, and may it be the only rivalry ever subsistingbetween them, which can most effectually, bytheir respective national and social institutions, blessand benefit mankind! Aug act 28, 1858. W. ROBSON. 

 ☞THE INTRODUCTORY LECTURE beforethe Salem Female Anti-Slavery Society will begiven at Lyceum Hall, on MONDAY EVENING,October 4, at half-past 7 o'clock, by Rev. JAMESFREEMAN CLARKE, of Boston. AMES REEMAN LARKE CAROLINE BALCH, Sec'y. Sec'y. 

 Boston, Sept. 25, 1858. DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: EAR RIEND ARRISON As it in now determined to continue the Philanthropicor Free Conventions, at least annually, it isimportant to make them as useful as possible. Thatat Utica was not in all respects worthy its predecessorin Rutland. In taste, talent, and moral tone, it wouldsuffer in comparison. The cause of the slave met with little favor, outsideof its immediate and long-tried friends. Some of thespeakers treated it with great disrespect. We hadone trance speaker only. She should have knownthe Anti-S1avery cause batter, or made no allusion toit. If a spirit really dictated what she said, that,spirit should be commended to a much more carefulstudy of our movement, or an abandonment of it altogether.If that spirit revealed a specimen of whatit known is the other life about this, we can hardlybe grateful for its assistance or interference in our affair. Then there was a Spiritualist from Missouri, whosefriendship and apologias for slaveholders were quiteconsistent with her remarks against the course andcharacter of the Abolitionists. A colored man, too,a Spiritualist, there was, who rejoiced in the name ofRandolph, and claimed immediate nascent from theeccentric saga of Roanoke. John Randolph may havebean the father, bat sorely would bow be ashamed ofthe son. I never saw a colored man, woman or child,who so nearly proved the oft-heard assertion, that'the colored race are fit only for slaves'! He said' slavery might be an evil, but that radical anti-slaverywas a mach greater evil'! Such was a sample ofhim. Of course, the rowdies and reportershim loudly, which he seemed to enjoy. the colored race are fit only for slaves On Sunday, we had as address on the Cause ofEvil, or its Nature, from Dr. Hallock, of New York.I have rarely beheld such a hemisphere of literaryand controversial crinoline, flounced with a circumambiencyof poetic quotation and other ornament. Ithad many good points and beautifulthe whole was not, in my judgment, up to the necessitiesof the time. To me, it seemed a sort of 'Beelzebub'sapology for what vulgar people of the old timeand now have always called sin, evil, wrong, wickedness.He said none so needed reform as reformers;that the sin was had but the repentance worse; thatthe thief would not have stolen, had not society madethat valuable and desirable which he stole. Formthe Doctor's stand-point, Britial. oppression mighthave been bad, but the Revolution was for worse.George the Third was an evil, but George Washingtona much greater evil, and Benedict Arnold a benefactorto mankind; Nero and Nebuchadnezzar wereevils, slightly so, but Paul and the prophets were intolerableevils; Judas and the Jews were whips tothe world, but Jesus, a lash of scorpions. 'Beelzebub'sapology for what vulgar sin, evil, wrong, wickedness. Such upholstery of cushions for uncomfortable consciences,surely is not often seen. The Doctor couldnot possibly see the Union Convention in any light butas the summing up of all evils and ills—the very boxof Pandora, with Hope leaked out of the bottom. Onewonders how he will over forgive himself for attendingit. leaked The newspaper reports of the Convention wereonly atrocious caricatures. As the Utica papers arefor Utica people, we must conclude they have a mostprurient taste; at least, in the estimation of their reporters.My private opinion is, that they libelled thecharacter of their patrons, as much as they lied aboutthe Convention, and debased and degraded themselves. These are some of the unfortunate facts about theUtica gathering. It had another side—a good andglorious side. The address of Mr. Plumb was worthya place in either Testament; so was that of Mrs. Davis,and those of her husband, Andrew Jackson Davis;while that of Mr. Newton, of Boston, was behindnone of them,—indeed, in some respects, it was thebest of them all. I trust he will give it to the worldin the columns of his journal. These Conventions seem likely to supersede almostall others, bringing together, as they do, the chosenchampions of all progressive movements and ideas;making them acquainted with each other, and inculcatingamong the truly honest and earnest amongthem, a fraternal spirit, and the assurance that allgenuine reforms are but planets in a great solar system,and must move on harmoniously together, ormove not at all. As such, and as achieving such desirableobjects, they interest me greatly; and I haveattended the two already held with the very highestsatisfaction; and it shall be my fault or misfortune ifthe cause of the slave be not prominent in them all,according to its relative as well as intrinsic importance.Nor will I acknowledge any man or movementas worthy the slightest respect, that does not placethe slave's wrongs high, if not highest, on the longscroll of evils to be removed. Yours, most devotedly, PARKER PILLSBURY. 

 ☞WORCESTER NORTH A.S. SOCIETY.—The Quarterly Meeting of the Worcester (North) A.S. Society will be held at Hubbardston, on Sunday,Oct. 10th. PARKER PILLSBURY, C.L. REMOND, and E.H. HEYWOODare expected to speak. ARKER ILLSBURY EMOND EYWOOD The meeting will be held in the Unitarian Curch,day and evening. 

 A Convention of colored people, consisting of thirty-sevendelegates, (instead of four hundred, as a Republican paper states,) met on Tuesday, theinst., at Concert Hall, in the city of Troy, and organizedby the appointment of the following officers:  President—Wm. Rich, of Troy. President Vice President—F. Thompson, Rev. Wm. Butlerof Poughkeepsie; E.C. Sippens, of Utica. Vice President Secretaries—J. H. Townsend, of New York; Levere, Brooklyn; W. Dietz, Albany. Secretaries  A Business Committee was then appointed, consistingof W.J. Watkins, Rochester; J.C. Gibbs, J.J. Symonds, New York; W.F. Mowers, Poughkeepsie;W.W. Matthews, Albany; W. Johnson,Hudson; J.W. Duffin, Geneva; W.P.P. McIntyre, W.P.P. McIntyre,Albany; William Hodges, Brooklyn.  After the organization was effected, the Conventiontook a recess until 2 1/2 o'clock The ladies, in the meantime, arranged, in an adjoining hall, a table loaded with the most palateable refreshments,which were eaten during the recess witha relish. At 24 o'clock, the Convention reassembled, andafter prayer, as the Business Committee were ready to report, speechifying commenced, and continueduntil the Committee came in when the Chariman'shammer brought all to their seats and restoredquiet, when Mr. Watkins, formerly associate editor ofFrederick Douglass's Paper, but now the 'mouthpiece'of this Convention, made the following report fromthe Business Committee:—  Frederick Douglass's Paper 1. Resolved, That we are more than ever convincingof the necessity of intelligent and consolidated actionon the part of the colored men themselves, for thesecurity of the nights guaranteed to them, as a of 'the people,' in the Constitution of the UnitedStates. We have a great work to perform in the conflictbeing waged between liberty and despotismand, duly appreciating the duties and responsibilitiesdevolving upon us, we should so act that our ,as a political power, should be felt among theranks of the people.  the people  2. Resolved, That the Dred Scott decision is a boldand infamous lie, which neither black men nor whomen are bound to respect. It is bold, and atrocious attempt to extend and perpetuate the blasting curse of human bondage. We look upon itas an utterance of individual political opinions, striking contrast with the sacred guarantees for libertywith which the Constitution abounds. In orderto satiate the wolfish appetite of the oligarchy, JudgeTaney and his concurring confederates were obligedto assume that the once revered signers of the Declarationof Independence, and the framers of the Constitution,were a band of hypocritical scoundrels and selfish tyrants tearing off the shackles by which theywere themselves enslaved, and forging fetters galling for the comparatively defenseless inhabitantsamong them—fetters which were to be riveted uponthem while the Republic should endure. This Court was also obliged to set aside as a worthlessparchment the Ordinance of 87 to trample uponformer judicial decisions made in favor of liberty, anddecide against 'State Sovereignty,' the pet lamb ofthe tyrant's flock. By this blast of the judiciarycompacts, constitutions, decisions and ordinances werenot only driven out of Court, but struck utterly dumb—annihilated!     3. Resolved, That this deadly thrust is aimed notsimply at the rights of the colored citizens of the Republic,but as slavery is the common enemy of manand as its political supremacy has been authoritativelyproclaimed by the majority of the Supreme Court, thenatural rights of all who form a part of the nationare impudently invaded. We therefore, call upon allwho subscribe to the theory of human rights set forthin the Declaration of American Independence, totrample in self-defence, the dicta of Judge Taney beneaththeir feet, as of no binding authority. 4. Resolved, That we are citizens of the State ofNew York and consequently, of the United States,and should enjoy all the rights and immunities ofother citizens, the edict of Judge Taney to the countrynotwithstanding. are 5. Resolved. That we will never cease our effortsto procure the repeal of the property qualificationclause in our State Constitution, until success shallcrown our labors. 6. Resolved, That in the event of the assembling ofa Convention to revise the Constitution, in accordancewith the act passed at the last session of the Legislature,we urge upon the members the justice and necessityof redeeming said Constitution from the disgrace now attached to it, in consequence of the unjust,anti-republican and odious restriction upon theexercise of the elective franchise. 7. Resolved That in the ensuing gubernatorialelection, it becomes us to act with special reference tosecuring the elective franchise. We can accomplishnothing in this direction save over the defeat and ruinof the so-called Democratic party, our most enemy. In order to secure this defeat, it is absolutelynecessary to consolidate the strength of the oppositionto said party. And we regard the Republicanparty, all things considered, as more likely thanany other to effect this desirable end, and advise theeleven thousand colored voters of this State to concentratetheir strength upon the Republican ticketfor Governor, &c., now before the people.  8. Resolved, That in so doing, we do not for amoment endorse all the political tenets of that party;we are Radical Abolitionists, and shall ever remainso; but we regard the nomination made by them atSyracuse as calculated to give aid and comfort to theenemy, by electing the Democratic candidate. These resolutions were taken up seriatim and formedthe basis of a most exciting debate for three sessionsof the Convention. Messers. Watkins, Simonds, Deyo, Hodges, Myers,Thompson, Townsend, Rich, Williams, Wright,Smith, Duffin, Garnet and others, took part in thedebate. The equal right of suffrage—the disfranchisementof the colored people—the property qualification—oppression of the negro race—the best mode of obtaininga redress of their grievances—their determinationto assert, maintain, and secure their rights—thepropriety of voting for the party which promised themthe most present good—the comparative merits anddemerits, the pro-slavery and anti-slavery characterof the different parties—were the subjects of discussion. The seventh resolution, recommending the eleventhousand colored voters of this State to go for theRepublican party, was the great bone of contention. A majority of the members, coming from two orthree of the large cities in the eastern part of theState—where they live under the influence of Republicanprofession and promises—had been made to believethe Republicans would give them their rights,and were therefore, in favor of the resolutions; while the more intelligent portion of the Convention—suchmen as Garnet, Duffin, Smith, Williams, and others—opposed it. These gentlemen spoke with great abilityand earnestness against the inconsisten and unwisecourse of the majority but to no effect. Underthe previous question, they shut off discussion, and passed the resolutions. The evening meetings were full of both black andwhite, and very able speeches were made by Mr.Watkins and Mr. Garnet.  Mr. Garnet's speech on Tuesday evening exhibited rare points of analysis,logic, wit and eloquence, and was listened to with thegreatest pleasure and applause. We have seldom, ifever, heard Mr. Garnet when he was more happy. Wewere greatly disappointed at the course of Mr. Watkins;we have known him for a long time and knowhe has no confidence in the Republican party—thathe has no sympathy with their principles, positions oractions.  We have heard him denounce the party the strongest terms. He is a radical abolitionist, asall the colored men of the Convention declared themselvesto be. He is no more non-extensions, but aprohibitionist. He knows no law for slavery. TheRepublican party, on the other hand repudiate bothabolition and prohibition. They acknowledge lawand Constitution for slavery and would to-day surrenderthe very members of that Convention, werethey fugitives from slavery, into hopeless bondage.We were still more surprised to hear Mr. Watkinsmisrrepresent Mr. Smith's views on two or three importantpoints the result of which would be whetherintended or not, to prejudice Mr. S. in the minds ofthe colored people.   radical non-extensions prohibitionist. Mr. Garnet and Mr. Duffin wish it distinctly understoodthat they have no sympathy with this movement,and do not wish to have their names identifiedwith it. We are informed that there will soon be a generalConvention of the colored people of this State perhapsat Rochester, or some central place, to take moreconsiderate action on this subject—[Correspondents ofthe N.Y. 'Hour and the Man,' a Gerrit Smith paper.] Correspondents ofthe N.Y. 'Hour and the Man,' a Gerrit Smith paper. 

 ☞CUMMINGTON, Mass.— An Anti-SlaveryConvention will be held in Cummington, HampshireCounty, on Saturday and Sunday, October 30th and31st, at the meeting-house of the Independent Society,which all friends of Freedom and of Humanityin the region roundabout are invited to attend. WM. LLOYD GARRISON, E.H. HEYWOOD, and CHAS.C. BURLEIGH are expected to attend this Convention,which will commence on Saturday, (Oct. 30th,) athalf-past 10 o'clock. M. LOYD ARRISON EYWOOD HAS. URLEIGH 

 ☞The members and friends of the WorcesterNorth A.S. Society will notice the call for a meeting atHubbardston, on the 10th. As the last meeting (atAthol) was held at a time of heavy rains, and couldnot be at all regarded as a county meeting, it is hopedthat large delegations from the various towns includedin the Society's limits will be present at the approachingmeeting, and give a powerful impetus tothe progress of the cause. Never was there greaterneed for the strengthening and elevation of that MoralProtest against Slavery, of that manly courage whichspeaks out and acts out the whole Truth, than now.Without this, all machinery rusts and stops, all politicalorganizations become compromising and useless,and even revivals of religion exclude justice andhumanity, and truth, and God.—M. county now. 

 ☞PARKER PILLSBURY, Agent of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, will lecture in the Universalistchurch in Concord, N.H., on Sunday next,October 3, at the usual hours of public worship. Also, in West Newton, on Wednesday evening, Oct.6, at 7 o'clock. Also, in Attleboro', on Thursday evening, Oct. 7. 

 ☞We are requested to state that the Rev. L.C.CHAMBERS, a colored minister of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch in Canada West, is now in Boston endeavoringto procure aid of the benevolent and religiousfor the erection of a house of worship in Dresden,near Lake Huron, for the fugitive slaves. Hecomes well recommended, and will be grateful forany contribution that may be made of this purposeby those upon whom he may call. He hopes to beable to address the citizens of Boston upon the conditionand prospects of the refuges in Canada, beforeleaving the city. HAMBERS 

 ☞MIDDLESEX COUNTY ANTI-SLAVERYSOCIETY.—A quarterly meeting of this Society willbe held in NATICK, on Saturday evening and Sunday,October 16th and 17th, which all are invited toattend. PARKER PILLSBURY, CHARLES L. REMOND, and E.H. HEYWOOD are expected to be present. ARKER ILLSBURY HARLES EMOND EYWOOD The meeting will commence on Saturday eveningat 7 o'clock. WILLIAM WHITING, President. President. F.B. SANBORN, Secretary. ANBORN Secretary. 

 ☞REV.T.W. HIGGINSON,of Worcester, Mars.,will speak at Milford,N.H., on Sunday, OCtober 31. 

 ☞E.H. HEYWOOD will speak on AmericanSlavery at WESTMINSTER, on Sunday next, Sept.26th; and at BARRE, on Sunday, Oct. 3d. 

 ☞SALLIE HOLLEY, Agent of AmericanA.S. Society, will lecture as follows:— Table  Table  

 ☞WILLIAM WELLS BROWN will hold meetingsas follows:— Table  Table  

 Dr. SYMINGTON BROWN'S new lecture, entitled'Chemistry no Mystery,' is now ready for delivery beforeLyceums, &C. YMINGTON ROWN'S Chemistry REFERENCES.—Wendell Phillips, Alderman Wightman,Rev. Thomas Starr King, Dr. J.V.C. Smith. EFERENCES. Letters addressed to Dr. Symington Brown, 15Congress street, Boston, will be promptly answered.Sept., 1858. 6t 

 ☞TO THE FRIENDS OF THE FUGITIVESLAVE.—A young man, who was severely woundedwhen escaping from slavery, and has now nearly recovered,wants a place in a family or hotel to wait andtend, or to take the care of horses, being used to drivingcoach or team. He is of good disposition, readyand willing to do anything in his power, and anxiousto earn his own living. Apply to R.F. WALLCUT, 21 Cornhill, or by letterto FRANCIS JACKSON, Boston, for more particularinformation. 

 The Tenth Annual Term will commence onWednesday, Nov. 1858, and continue seventeenweeks. Professors: Enoch C. Rolfe, M.D., Theoryand Practice of Medicine; John k. Palmer, M.D.,Materia Medica, Therapeutics, and Chemistry; Wm.Symington Brown, M.D., Anatomy and Surgery;Stephen Tracy, M.D. Obstetrics and Diseases of Womenand Children; Wm. Symington Brown, M.D.,Physiology, Hygiene, and Medical Jurisprudence;Mary R. Jenks, M.D., Demonstrator of Anatomy. Professors: Fees, $5 for each of the six Tickets. Free tuitionfor Students in Massachusetts, from State Scholarships.SAMUEL GREGORY, M.D., Sec'y., Sec'y. Boston, 1858. sep. 17.—3w. 

 EVERY WEEK,AT LINDEN HALL, 16 SUMMER ST., BOSTON,BY MISS S.D. CARMAN, EVERY WEEK Physiological, Mechanical &Pathological Physician. Physiological, Mechanical &Pathological Physician. On THURSDAY EVENINGS, at 7 o'clock, toGentleman and Ladies, and on FRIDAY AFTERNOONS,at 3 o'clock, to Ladies only. The otherfour days devoted to country practice. Physicians, Invalids, Parents, Teachers, Guardiansand Philanthropists will find science, common senseand medical skill illustrated and applied to the wantsof each and all. The only scientific SKIRT SUPPORTER, withBraces of all kinds, and CHAIRS to correct and supportthe Spine. for sale and fitted at her office, LindenHall,—open only on Friday and Saturday, for patientsand visitors, from 9 A.M. to 7 P.M. ☞Beware of imposition practiced by pretenders,who recommend worthless and useless articles. 01 cm 

 THE ONLY PREPARATIONS THAT HAVE AEUROPEAN REPUTATION!! EUROPEAN REPUTATION THE Restorer, used with the Zylabalsmum orDressing cures discusses of the hair or scalp, andRESTORES GRAY HAIR TO ITS NATURALCOLOR! RESTORES GRAY HAIR TO ITS NATURALCOLOR The Zylcbalsamum or Dressing alone is the besthair dressing extant for young or old. We take pleasure in presenting the following undeniableproof that these are the best preparationseither in Europe or America. They contain no deleteriousingredients—do not sail or stain anything. do not sail or stain anything. GREAT BRITAIN. REV. W.B. THORNELO, Prescot, Lancashire,says—'Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorerand Zylobalsamum are perfect moruels. After usingthem six weeks, my extremely gray hair isrestored to its natural color. I am satisfied it isnot a dye.' Prescot, Lancashire are perfect moruels. extremely gray hair HAYTI. REV. MRS. E.C. ANDRUS, for many years Missionaryto Hayti, now of Martins burgh, N.Y. Theclimate having seriously affected her hair and scalp,says 'I have derived much benefit from the use ofMrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum.I have tried various other remediesand permanently benefited me, as has Mrs. S.A. Allen's.' for many years Missionaryto Hayti, now of Martins burgh, N.Y. and permanently benefited me J.H. EATON, Pres. Union Univ., Tenn. 'I haveused Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorerand Zylobalsamum but very irregularly, but, notwithstanding,its influence was distinctly visible.The falling of hair ceased, and my locks, whichwere quite, gray restored to their original black.' Pres. Union Univ., Tenn. The falling of hair ceased, and my locks, whichwere quite, gray restored to their original black. REV. H.V. DEGAN, Ed. 'Guide to Holiness.' Boston,Mass. 'That Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's HairRestorer and Zylobalsamum promotes the growthof the hair where baldness has commenced, wenow have the evidence of our own eyes.' Ed. 'Guide to Holiness.' Boston,Mass. REV. J.A.H. CORNELL, Cor. See. B'd Educ'n N.Y. City. 'I procured Mrs. S.A. Allen's World'sHair Restorative and Zylobalsamum for a relative.I am happy to say it prevented the falling off of thehair, and restored it from being gray, to its naturalglossy and beautiful black.' Cor. See. B'd Educ'n N.Y. City. REV. JNO. E. ROBIE, Ed. 'Chr. Adv.,' Buffalo,N.Y. 'Mrs. S.A. Allen's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamumare the best hair preparations I have everknown. They have restored my hair to its originalcolor.' Ed. 'Chr. Adv.,' Buffalo,N.Y. REV. J. WEST, Brooklyn, N.Y. 'I am happy tohear testimony to the value and efficacy of Mrs.S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum,and also to acknowledge its curing my graynessand baldness.' Brooklyn, N.Y. its curing my graynessand baldness. REV. GEO. M. SPRATT, Agt. Bap. Penn. Pub. Soc. Agt. Bap. Penn. Pub. Soc. 'We cheerfully recommend Mrs. S.A. Allen'sWorld's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum.' REV. J.F. GRISWORLD, Washington, N.H.'Please inform Mrs.—where Mrs. S.A. Allen'sHair Restorer and Zylobalsamum can be hadin Boston. You may say in my name that I knowthey are what they purport to be.' Washington, N.H. REV. MOSES THACHER (60 years of age.) Pitcher,N.Y. 'Since using Mrs. S.A. Allen's World'sRestorer and Zylobalsamum, my hair cases to fall,and is restored to its natural color. I am satisfied'tis nothing like a dye.' 60 years of age.) Pitcher,N.Y. REV. D.T. WOOD, Middletown, N.Y. 'My hairhas greatly thickened. The same is true of anotherof my family, whose head we thought would becomealmost bare. Her hair has handsomely thickened,and has a handsome appearance since using Mrs.Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum.' Middletown, N.Y. REV. S.B. MORLEY. Attlebero', Mass. 'The effectof Mrs. S.A. Allen's Word's Hair Restorer andZylobalsamum has been to change the 'crown ofglory' belonging to old men, to the original has ofyouth. The same is true of others of my acquaintance. Attlebero', Mass. REV. J.P. TUSTIN, Ed. 'South Baptist,' &c., Charleston,S.C. 'The white hair is becoming obviatedby new and better hair forming, by the use of Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobaleamum.' Ed. 'South Baptist,' &c., Charleston,S.C. REV. C.A. BUCKBEE, Trees, Am. Bible Union, N.Y. 'I cheerfully add my testimony to that of numerousother friends, to Mrs. S.A. Allen's World aHair Restorer and Zylobalsamum. The latter Ihave found superior to anything I ever used.' Trees, Am. Bible Union, N.Y. REV. JOS. McKEE, N.Y. City. 'Recommends them. N.Y. City. REV. WM. R. DOWNS, Howard, N.Y. 'MRS.S.A. Allen's Hair Dressing has no superior. Itcleanses the hair and scalp, removes harshness anddryness, and always produces the softness, silkinessand natural gloss so requisite to the human hair.' Howard, N.Y. REV. C.M. KLINCK, Lewistown, Pa. 'Mrs. S.A.Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamumhas stopped the falling off of my hair, and caused anew growth.' Lewistown, Pa. REV. WM. PORTEUS, Stanwich, Ct. 'Mrs. S.A.Allen's Word's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamumhave met my most sanguine expectation in causingmy hair to grow where it had fallen.' Stanwich, Ct. REV. D. MORRIS, Cross River, N.Y. 'I know ofa great many who have had their hair restored bythe use of Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorerand Zylobalsamum.' Cross River, N.Y. REV. E. EVANS, Delhi, O. 'I have used Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum.They have changed my hair to its naturalcolor, and stopped its falling off.' Delhi, O. REV. AMOS BLANCHARD, Meriden, Ct. 'Wethink very highly of Mrs. S.A. Allen's World'sHair Restorer and Zylobalsamum." Meriden, Ct. We might quote from others of the numerous letterswe have and are constantly receiving, but we deem theabove sufficient to convince the most skeptical that wehave at least the best preparation in the world for thehair of the young or old. We manufacture no otherpreparations. Occupying the large building, cornerof Broome and Elizabeth streets, exclusively for office,saleroom and manufactory, we have no time or inclinationto engage in other manufactures. These are the only preparation exported in anyquantity to Europe. We also would call attention to the fact that we havealways avoided all charismatic. Our preparations arethe highest priced, but the cheapest, because it lastslonger, and does more good; the expense, in the end,less than others. We aspire to have the best, notthe lowest priced. One bottle of Restorer will lastnearly a year. $1.50 per bottle. Balsam, 37½ centsper bottle. in the end has 'Mrs. S.A. Allen' signed in Red Ink to outsidewrappers, and in Black Ink to directions pasted on bottles.Restorer bottles are of dark purple glass, with thewords, Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer, 355Dreem Street, New York, blown on them. The Balsambottles are of green glass, with Mrs. S.A. Allen'sWorld's Balasm, 355 Dreeme Street, New York, blownon them. Circulars around bottles copyrighted. Noneother is genuine. Signing the name by others is forgeryand will be prosecuted by us as a criminal offence. Mrs. S.A. Allen Red Ink Black Ink Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer Dreem Street, New York Mrs. S.A. Allen'sWorld's Balasm Dreeme Street, New York Some dealers try of sell other preparation on whichthey make more profit, instead of these; insist on these. Some dealers try of sell other preparation on whichthey make more profit, instead of these; insist on these. Sold by nearly every drug and fancy goods dealer.Address all letters for information to MRS. S.A. ALLEN'S World's Hair Restorer Depot,NO. 355 BROOME STREET. N.Y. Oct 8 ly 

 Think for thyself. Thou best a mind,A soul, a better life to come;Look freely round; and thou wilt find,Find the true path the leads thee home..Think for thyself.    Think for thyself. The truths Christ taught,He taught to humble ones like thou!The poor, the meek, the lost he sought;He came the fettered mind to free.Think for thyself.     Ask of thy heart if God would giveHis Good News to the learned alone;God, by whose bounty all men live;Love, mercy, goodness all his own.Think for thyself.     Think for thyself. What man has rightTo ask thy faith in his own creed!Wise though he may be in thy sight,God's Word is better for thy need.Think for thyself.  To ask thy faith in his own creed    Think for thyself. Believe Christ true;Read his plain words with honest heart;Read, and thy opening mind shall viewTruth brightly shine, and doubt depart.Think for thyself.     Think for thyself; and man-made creedsNo longer thy freed soul will awe;And thou wilt see not words, but deeds,Are the one aim of gospel law.Think for thyself.     Think for thyself; nor cast aside,As useless, Reason's glorious ray,God given through this world to guide,And lead us to heaven's nightless day.Think for thyself.     Tenterdon, (England.)JANE ASNDY. ANE SNDY. 

 Can ye stem the mountain torrent, or the avalanchecontrol?Can ye bind the winds, or chain them to the Northor Southern pole?Can ye call the ocean-billows to lave the rockystrand?Will they obey your bidding, or retire at your command?       Can ye make the rainbow's glorious hues to span thearch of heaven?Can ye catch the beauty of the clouds by Summer'ssunset given?Can ye bid the golden stars come forth to gem thebrow of Night?Or launch the silvery moon to flent in beauty 'midtheir light?        Look at the simplest flower that grows in beauty'neath your feet;Can ye call it from the cold damp earth, Spring'ssunny smile to greet?Can ye bid the bare and bleak hill-sides be clothedin living green?Can ye deck the groves with verdure, or wave theiremerald sheen?        And think ye then to bind the Soul, that free anddeathless thing?Think ye to fetter and restrain Thought's strong andsouring wing?To check her onward, upward fight to higher, purerair,Where the dust-stains of earth come not, and all isbright and fair? Soul        Ye cannot grasp this priceless dower—God's preciousgift, the Soul;As well might ye the planets guide, and touch themhow to roll;The body ye may bind in gives, the quivering fleshmay tear,But still the mind, the soul is free—your chains itwill not wear.        Mor laughing gibe. nor taunting scorn, the brave cano'er affright;No spot is dark while round us beams Truth's pureand quenchless light;—And words of malice lightly fall unheeded on theear,When the sweet choral hymn of Hope, chanted byFaith, we hear!        Humanity demands our aid; for round her altershineDark Error's wood's, with Falsehood vile, their tendrilsstill entwine;And there pale Superstition sits grasping the wand ofPower,While Custom, grimly frowning, stands beside hislvied tower.       Strong hearts and earnest now we need to meet thuntiringfoe;Hearts that, when comes the trial-hour, no thoughtof fear can know;And they are coming to our aid—the good, the true,the brave—The crushed and fallen again to lift—the sinking onesto save.        And they will conquer; though their path be roughand thorny now,Peace yet shall set her heavenly seal upon each martyr'sbrow;And the future still shall honor them in ages yet tocome,When Superstition shall be crushed by th' iron handof Doom.        Dane, August, 1858. CARNIS. ARNIS. 

 While crimes untold oppress the land,And millions groan and sigh,Why are the priests so loth to speak,And raise their voice on high—To plead in unmistaken tonesFor God's forsaken poor,That tyrants' hearts and hands may yield,And cpe the captive's doer?        We know while pews posses the powerThe pulpit's bounds to toll,And sacred nostrils have the giftThe golden dust to smell,Twill be a task acceding hardA faithful man to find,Who boldly breasts Opinion's wave,And aims to bless mankind.        But, pulpits, with a trumpet-tongue,Should speak the word of God,And raise above the head of crimeThe Scripture's threat'ning rod;The Christian warrior, while he bringsThe Gospel guns to bear,Should storm the tower of Sin, and plantThe Gospel banner there.        The warrior shouts o'er seas of blood,The tyrant's lash is heard,While bound and dying cry alondFr God's reproving word;And yet, the pulpit's petent tongueIs cold and mute to-day,While slaves their load of anguish bear,And Christian demons slay.        The hangman takes the precious lifeWhich God, his Makes, gave;The social glass leads millions onTo fill the drunkard's grave;The perjured watch on Zlon's wild,Beholding millions slain,Sends forth no loud alarm to makeMankind from crime refrain.       Go, thon, Salvation's herald strong,Proclaim the truth divine.That o'er this land, in every heartThe gospel light may shine;Go, watchman, sound the loud alarm,Stretch forth thy potent hand,Till crime shall take its flight from earth,No slave shall curse our land.        Rutland, August, 1858. J.R.E. 

 A Yearly Meeting of the Friends of Human Progresswas held at North Collins, Erie Co., N.Y.,the 3d and 4th, and at Brant the 5th of Sept, 1858.The following are the names of some of the personswho were present from a distance: — Phillip D. Moore,Newark, N.J.; Henry C. Wight, Boston, Mass.;Giles B. Stebbins, Rochester; Griffith M. Cooper,Williamson; Orrin Abbott, Buffalo; Mrs. Lydia A.Andrews, Leona, N.Y. The first session convened at 11, A.M., and wasopened by George W. Taylor, who stated the objectsof the meeting, and read the Call; after which, thefollowing officers were appointed: — President — PHILIP D. MOERN. HILIP OERN. Clerks — Joshua D. Varney, Solendia E. Howard. Business Committee — Giles B. Stebbins, WilliamHenry, Griffith M. Cooper, Elizabeth Smith Kerr,Mary Smith Taylor, Elbridge W. Meacham, PhobeM. Varney, Henry C. Wright, Martha Howser. Business Committee Communications were then read from Joseph A.Dugdale, Aaron M. Powell, and Mary F. Davis; also,from Pennsylvania and Waterloo Yearly Meetings. The Business Committee reported a programme forthe several sessions, and a series of resolutions. Stephen Landon, George W. Taylor, and T.C.Beech were appointed a Corresponding Committee. Adjourned to 2, P.M. AFTERNOON. Poem entitled True worship,' byJ.G. Whittier, read by the President. ResolutionNo. I discussed by Henry C. Wright, Elbridge W.Meacham, Philip D. Moore, George W. Taylor, OrrinAbbott, and Giles B. stebbins. Mr. Moore thinkingthat the resolution did not cover the religious elementin man, as expressed in reverence for externalnature, proposed that it be referred to the BusinessCommittee for reconsideration, which proposition wasagreed to. The Business Committee presented anamendment in accordance with Mr. Moore's suggestion,which was unanimously adopted. The resolution,as amended, was then adopted. FTERNOON. Resolution No. 2 was discussed by Giles B. stebbins,Henry C. Wright, and Philip D. More, andadopted. adjourned to Saturday, at 10, A.M. SECOND DAY. The morning session was opened bythe reading of a poem By the president. ECOND AY. On motion, it was voted, that such speaker be limitedto fifteen minutes, unless the audience shouldchoose to extend the time. Resolution No. 3 was discussed by Giles B. stabins,Henry C. Wright, Andrew Varney, Orrin Abbott,Griffith M. Cooper, and Luther Clough, andadopted, with but two dissenting votes. Resolution No. 6 was taken up and discussed byHenry C. Wright, Martin M. Toucey, Orrin Abbott,and Marry Doty, and adopted. a letter was then possented from Susan B. Anthony,of Rochester, Smith, and referred to the CorrespondingCommittee. Adjourned, until 2, P.M. AETERNOON. Poem entitled 'True Worship,' byJ.G. Whittier, read by the President. ResolutionNo. I discussed by Henry C. Wright, Elibridge W.Meochem, Philip D. Moore, George W. Taylor, OrrinAbbott, and Giles B. Stebbins. Mr. Moore thinkingthat the resolution did not cover the religious elementin man, as expressed in reverence for externalnature, proposed that it be referred to the BusinessCommittee for reconsideration, which proposition wasagreed to. The accordance with Mr. Moore's suggestion,as amended, was then adopted. ETERNOON. Resolution No. 2 was discussed by Giles B. Stebbins,Henry C. Wright, and Philip D. Moore, andadopted. Adjourned to Saturday, at 10, A.M. SECOND DAY. The morning session was opened bythe reading of a poem by the President. ECOND AY. On motion. it was voted, that each speaker be limitedto fifteen minutes, unless the audience shouldchoose to extend the time. Resolution No. 3 was discussed by Giles B. Stebbins,Henry C. Wright, Andrew Varney, Orrin Abbot,Griffith M. Cooper, and Luther Clough, andadopted, with but tow dissenting votes. Resolution No. 6 was taken up and discussed byHenry C. Wright, Martin M. Toucey, Orrin Abbott,and Mary Doty, and adopted. A letter was then presented from Susan B. Anthony,of Rochester, N.Y. On motion, it was read byMrs. Rachel Smith, and referred to the CorrespondingCommittee. Adjourned, until 2, P.M. AFTERNOON. A poem was read by the President,entitled, 'The Beautiful,' by Carlos D. Stuart. FTERNOON. Ann Landon was added to the Corresponding Committee,which Committee was then directed to respondto the communication without reporting to the meeting. On motion, the members of the former committeefor calling the Yearly Meeting were re-appointed,with power to add to their number. The subject of Spiritualism was then discussed byOrrin Abbott, Philip D. Moore, Henry C. Wright,Giles B. Stebbins, Luther Clough, Griffith M. Cooper,and Norman Sprague. After an impressive benediction by the President,the meeting adjourned until Sunday, at 9, A.M. THIND DAY. The meeting was in the Groveat Brant. HIND AY. The Business Committee reported the names ofpersons who would be called upon when there wereno volunteers to speak. It was also stated, that thetime being limited, all the resolutions offered couldnot be presented, but opportunity would be given forall to express their view. Speakers—Elbridge W. Meochem, Mrs. Lydia A.Andrews, Joshua D. Varney, Giles B. Stebbins,Griffith M. Cooper, Dr. Poter Wilson, Henry C.Wright. Adjourned until 1.30, P.M. AFTERNOON. Henry C. Wright spoke on the subjectof 'Education,' and was followed by Philip D.Moore, George W. Taylor, and William E. Paxson. FTERNOON. Notices were given of similar meetings to be held atLaons, Chautauqua country, N.Y., the 8th, 9th and10th of October next, and at poking, Niagara country,on the 17th, 18th, and 19th of Sept. A benediction was pronounced by the President,and the meeting adjourned. 1. Resolved, That the religious element in mancan find its true and healthful action, not in reverencefor days, houses, books and institutions called holy,or in the performances of creeds, prayers and ceremoniescalled accrued, but in reverence and love for human,beings made manifest in consistent and earnest effortsto abolish war, slavery, drunkenness, sectarians,patriotism, and all forms of injustice and oppression,and to elevate man and woman to a truer,nobler and happier life in all natural relations, and inreverencing in man and nature the good, the true andthe beautiful as manifestations of God the soul ofthe universe. 2. Resolved. That man is above institutions, andis never to be desecrated or sacrificed to sustain orperpetuate them. Therefore the Church, the state,the Bible, the Constitution, the Religion or the Governmentthat connect exist without killing or enslavingman, or in any way subjecting the soul or bodyto outrage and woman, is deserving the reprobation ofevery man and woman, and ought to be rejected asevil, or at once and for ever abolished. 3. Resolved, That American slavery is 'the sum ofall villains,' inasmuch as it makes man a chattel,annihilates marriage, and all the blessings and endearmentsof the domestic relations, and makes it a crimepunishable with outlawry and death for any manpractically or theatrically to assume that he is a manand not a beast; a wrong which no power in the universecan make right. Therefore, we repudiate allreligions and government, all Bible texts and constitutions,and all that is called Christ or God, that summationsor sustains American slavery. 4. Whereas, the American Union was framed ostensiblyto 'from a more perfect union, to ensure domestictranquillity, to establish justice, and securethe blessings of liberty to ourselves and posterity;and whereas the said Union has failed to answerthese ends, but has from its foundation been in factthe unscrupulous and persistent supporter and defenderof slavery, with all its crimes and pollutions;therefore. Resolved, That it is the duty of the American peopleto alter or at ones and for ever to abolish theAmerican Union, and to form a confederacy that shallassure to each man and women equal rights to 'life,liberty and the pursuit of happiness, without regardto color or condition. 5. Whereas, it is the right and duty of every slaveto escape from slavery when, in his view, there is achance of success; and, whereas, it is the right andduty of every man and woman to aid the slave inhis escape; and whereas the United States Governmenthas claimed and exercised the right to pursuecapture and return fugitive slaves; therefore, Resolved, That we will do what we can to obtainthe passage of laws in the States in which we reside, toprotect the slave as our laws do any freeman and thusmake every Northern State a Canada of safety for thefugitive; and that we regard all United States Marshals,Commissioners, Judges, &c., who engage inthe rendition of fugitive as kidnappers. 6. Whereas, the interests of man and woman areunited and identical, so that whatever tends to elevateand ennoble one half of humanity must have thesame effect on the other half; and whereas, thismutuality and identity of interests in only to be recognizedand accrued by equality of rights and freedomof action; therefore. Resolved. That the absurd and false views andusages of social and domestic life, which prescribe acertain narrow sphere to woman, and condemn her,if even to save herself from shame and starvation,she stops beyond it, ought entirely to change, andgive place to usages based on the idea that 'right is ofno sex,' and that man and woman, as natural helpmeets,are free to do what each heart prompts, andeach head is equal to and each sense of right andfitness sanctions; and that in all matters pertainingto political rights, all distinctions based on sex shouldbe swept from the statute-books. 7. Resolved, That in view of the near and tenderrelations which nature points out as existing betweenmother and child in the tender years of infancy andchildhood, the law by which the husband and fatherhas exclusive legal control of the persons and the careof children is a base and flagrant wrong a deep andcruel insult to womanhood and maternity and shouldbe at once abolished, and the equal right of themother recognized. 6. Resolved, That the only true and natural marriageconsists in an exclusive conjugal love betweenone man and one woman; and those who live togetheras husband and wife without this love and merelybecause they are licensed so to live by the Churchand State, are living an unnatural and prostituted lifefrom which duty to themselves, to their posterity, andto the God of purity and justice, requires that theyshould at once and for ever cease. exclusive 9. Resolved, That the empire of woman, as amother, over the character and destiny of her offspring,is supreme in power and eternal in duration;therefore, in our efforts to promote the progress ofthe race in wisdom and goodness, and to people theearth with a nobler type of manhood and womanhood,our main dependence must be not on man, as a father,a teacher, a priest our ruler, not on the school,the church or the state, but on woman, as a mother. 10. Resolved, That the most sacred and importantright of woman is the right to decide for herself whenand under what circumstances the shall assume theresponsibilities, and be subjected to the cares and sufferingsof maternity; and that man is most unmanly,and commits a great wrong against woman, posterityand humanity, whenever, under sanction of marriage,he imposes those cares and sufferings upon her,against her wish. 11. Resolved, That the facts and phenomena ofmodern Spiritualism are many and well proven, andother kindred facts and phenomena of bygone times,actually viewed and examined with fair criticism areof great use in awakening man to a sense of his spiritualpower and intuitions in giving a clear and purefaith in immortality, as linked closely and naturally tolife, in such way as to aid us in more helpful andhopeful deeds. 12. Resolved, That the facts of Spiritualism, andthe philosophy developed therewith are of great practicaluse to mankind as an aid to broader and clearerviews of the unity of all true reforms. In concluding this necessarily brief report, we wouldsay, that the meeting was characterized by earnestnesson the part of the speakers, and rapt attentionof the audience. Although the time was so limitedthat many subjects were necessarily excluded,we believe there was no dissatisfaction on the part ofany. A feeling of charity, or rather, a desire for justice,seemed to pervade the minds of all. The subject ofthe deliberations will be partially appreciated bythose who read the resolutions and who are acquaintedwith the speakers. The resolutions of the BusinessCommittee were adopted. On account of theinclemency of the weather, the Committee having incharge the Friends meeting-house very kindly openedit for the meeting. On the last day, however, theaudience being large, and the weather fair, it was heldin the grove. It was estimated that fifteen hundredpersons were present on the last day; but the mostperfect order and attention prevailed. Thoughtstouching the most vital interests of humanity wereuttered, and however they may be perverted, we knowthat impelled by the power of truth, they will sinkdeep into the heart of humanity, and generations yetunborn shall reap the reward. JOSHUA D. VARNEY, Clerks. Clerks. SOLENDIA E. HOWARD,Clerks. Clerks. 

 Among the speakers at the 'Philanthropic Convention,'recently held at Utica, N.Y., was Mrs. JULIABRANCH of New York city, whose speech at the Rutland(Vt.) Convention, on marriage, has subjected herto so much opprobrium on the part of journals disposedto place the worst possible construction uponhe motives and language. Here is what she said atUtica:— ULIA Mrs. JULLIA BRANCH, of New York, said she didnot come to make a speech, but as it was expectedof her, she had prepared some facts. Strong prejudicehad arisen against her as the promulgator ofhorrible things. But she did not fear public opinion.The man or woman who fears to advocate his or herprinciples is a coward, and does not know the meaningof Freedom. A man or woman is not fit to workthoroughly in our present condition of society untilthey have lost their reputation. The layers of theCable buffeted the ocean waves; so this Conventionwas fighting with the mountain waves of popularprejudice, to lay a cable for humanity's benefit. ULLIA RANCH We are here to speak of evil and its cause. Butevil is so glossed over by respectable society, it requiresan age of experience to detect the subtiltywhich conceals its deformity. She had spokenagainst the marriage institution at Rutland as thecause of the slavery and degradation of woman, andshe had nothing to take back, but rather to add tothat institution two of the worst evils the world hasto contend with, as their originator and promulgator. She alluded to prostitution and infanticide. Nearlyall have been educated with notions of false modesty,and for a female to have knowledge of suchsubjects is to stamp her with doubt as to her ownmorals. But she had an interest in all humanity,not excepting the woman who had strayed from virtue.Dr. Sawyer, of Blackwell's Island, says hefound in the city of New York, between three andfour hundred houses of noted ill fame, and with betweenseven and eight thousand inmates, and sixtythousand daily visitors, and expenses of between sevenand eight millions of dollars a year. Of privatedestitution he could make no catamite; but Act in, English writer, estimates one woman in Englandand Wales in every fourteen to he of that class; butafter an average of four years, they marry with all of society.   Five-sixthe of the visitors to all such places arearried men. The Mayor of Providence has declaredsuch places tot eh necessary evils, and the Mayorof New Bedford declares that without them our wivesand daughters would be liable to be insulted in everycrest. By whom? Who are they by husbands,others, brothers? Whom father, whose brother?'it yours or mine? It is some of God's humanity—but who? And the eight thousand women—what tenderheartedmother supposed that the little baby-girlshe presented to the admiring gaze of her friendsshould be tramping the dark streets, bedecked incrimson robes and tinsel glare of paste jewelry? Theause—where does it lie? In our present marriageconstitution, which forces men and women to liveor physical adaptation. Society should abolish allice of uncongeniality as an outrage upon its morals,a preventive of the accumulated evils in the shapeof half-formed, undeveloped and perverted children.This could not make society any worse. Child afterchild is being born daily, hourly, to fill our streetswith paupers and our prisons with criminals. And you ask, who would take care of the children?by the act of separation? If they are based on sounstable a foundation as the laws of society, it istime they were utterly destroyed, and something newestablished. The law allows the rights of marriageto the most depraved and unhealthy, with the knowledgethat their children would be equally depravedand unhealthy, if not worse than their parents. Anunhealthy beast if is killed as not capable of reproducinga perfect specimen of its species.  But, said the speaker, it would give a license toimmorality if the marriage institution were abolished,says one. 'Would you have any more liberty?''I can regulate myself; the law was not made tocheck me.' 'Who was it made for?' 'Why, menof no principle.' 'Well, who are men of no principle?''O, it is Mr. So-and-so, who neglects hiswife; he would give all the world to have the privilegeof loving somebody else, or get rid of her someway,' 'How old is the last child?' 'Two or threemonths.' Does not the heart sicken at the depravedpicture, and even at every system of palliation whichwould cloak over such evils? The other evil, that of infanticide, Mrs Branchtraced to the same cause. She cited the report ofDr. Wynne, stating that the premature births inNew York in 1850, were one to twelve. The ratioof still births in various parts of the country washad increased 415 per cent. since 1808. Mrs. B.said she traced the cause of this to the marriage institution.Both in and out of marriage, there is nohesitancy to destroy the life of a child before birth;out of marriage, for the fear of losing respectability;in marriage, because the troubles of maternity areconfining, irksome and arduous. You are not awareto what extent this murder system is carried. Yetwhen compared to children that fill our prisons, weare almost willing to consider this murder a blessing.Do you wonder the next child born of that motheris hung for committing murder? It is in you, mothers, that the only hope of theregeneration of the world lies. Mothers, think ofit! Every son that you bring into existence, that isnot conceived from the purest love, is imbued withall the elements that go to fill prisons and pauper houses;every daughter is imbued with those equalitiesthat fit them to enter houses of prostitution.What a weight of responsibility rests upon you.How necessary it is for you to have your absoluteright to say when, where and how you shall bearchildren! How necessary it is that all arts andsciences, all trades, everything that is now in thehand of men, should be open for your benefit, inorder to produce better children! I reject in totothe ideas that it is bliss to remain in ignorance.Woman should know everything that man is capableof knowing, and there must be perfect freedomfor the advancement of either the individual or nations.Every chain that is put about you retardsyour growth, and you should snap it asunder, nomatter whether it is placed there by Church or State,husband or friend, wife or child. Slavery is an evil,and the cause is ignorance. Get out of bondage byacquiring knowledge, and plant your foot on therock of freedom. In the year 1852, in England andWales, there were 55,000 illegitimate children born.The marriage institution has not certainly preventedchildren from being born under any circumstance;and now, in order to stay the frightfulcrime of infanticide, and that woman now lookedupon as degraded who has departed from the so-calledvirtuous paths may have a chance of becomingrespectable, I offer the following resolution, hoping,too, that it will be the means, somewhat, of makingthe next generation of children better and purer:— in toto Resolved, That a the crime of infanticide has increased,and is increasing yearly under the existingfalse forms of marriage, all children born under ancircumstances within any State, shall be declared bythat State legitimate. STEPHEN S. FOSTER said he was a friend of marriage,and therefore in favor of discussing it, as themore it was discussed, the firmer it would stand.The evils alluded to have their origin out of themarriage relation, and their only cure is in it.(Applause.) Marriage was one of nature's arrangements,and hence a necessity. No better could beinvented. TEPHEN OSTER Mrs. BRANCH said it was not marriage itselfagainst which she spoke, but the Institution as it is—the false relation. RANCH Institution Mr. FOSTER was glad to hear Mrs. Branch saythis. He had thought all along this was what shewas aiming at. It was the false marriage, that beginin fraud and ends in quarrel, to which we woulddirect our efforts. OSTER 

 Quite a spicy debate took place in the MethodistGeneral Conference lately, held in Nashville, on aproposition to amend the 'Discipline' of the churchby striking out the rules respecting dress. The doctorsseem to be in a fix. They have a tangled skeinto wind, and they should not throw it down likelazy girl. The Article on the subject has the followingpassages— 'Receive none into the church until they haveleft of superfluous ornaments. Give notickets to any that wear high heads. enormousbonnets, ruffles or rings.' 'The putting on of goldand costly apparel' is also, in another place, reckonedamong the sins to be avoided. The Rev. Mr. Lush, of Mississippi, the mover ofthe resolution to strike out, contended that the lawwas a dead letter, and that it was a 'scandalousinconsistency' that the precept and practice of thedenomination should be so widely at variance witheach other. 'Such was the laxity of administrations.that candidates would be received into thechurch, though loaded down with a weight of goldunder which they could scarcely walk.' The speakerwas very severe upon his brother ministers forwearing gold spectacles. He said the glass wouldmagnify just as well, if set in steel or iron. He denouncedgold studs, gold watch-chains, gold-headedcanes, and diamond breast-pins, with much fervor. Another speaker was for bringing the practice ofthe people up to the standard of the Discipline, insteadof accommodating the Discipline to the practiceof the people. He thought it very ridiculous toadmit that superfluity of dress was wrong, and thenexpunge the rule because people would not complywith it. Another contended that the rule against 'superfluousornaments' did not apply to such things asspectacles and walking-canes. He argued, also,that even if these things were forbidden, there wasnot a word in Scripture against the use of them bymen—that the precept applied exclusively to 'thewomen.' men The Rev. Dr. Lee of Virginia was in favor ofexpunging. He admitted that he had to use his goldspectacles to see what was in the Discipline Hedid not understand, and never had understood it.What ornament was superfluous? Who could sayat what precise point ornaments cased to be allowable,and became superfluous? He ridiculed theidea that we might carry as many twenty-dollargold pieces in our pockets as we please, but if weshould stick a little bit of it in the bosom. somebodywould be greatly scandalized. He always foundenough to do in presenting about more importantmatters. without descending to these trifles. Another member from Virginia protested againstDr. Lee's speech going forth as an exponent of thesentiments of the Methodists of that State. The Rev. Dr. Deems deprecated the tendency tosuperfluity in dress, but was in favor of abolishingthe rule. He represented it as 'lifting a straw tothe whirlwind.' 'It might do for the regulation ofa society, but for the church to assumes to be themaintain-maker, milliner and tailor of her members,was a contemptible desecration of her sacred office.He was in favor of getting the true sap to circulatethrough the tree, so that it should put forth healingleaves, but did not believe in pulling off thisleaf and that. &C society church After considerable discussion, the subject was indefinitelypostponed. 

 There was a meeting of volunteer companies atBrandon the other day. They were reviewed bythe Governor, and we cannot doubt their successin making a creditable impression upon militarymen who witnessed their march and drill. Thecompanies, so far as we know, are composed ofyoung men of enough intelligence, spirit and ambitionto secure decided success in this line. It isnot to disparage them, therefore, that we suggest adoubt whether we are not in danger of revivingamong us evils that we had happily got rid of.These companies now receive State patronage atsome expense. This meeting at Brandon looks as ifintended to prepare the way for a closer imitationof the Massachusetts system. It was attended bya large concourse of spectators and idlers; of course,not without something of the demoralization usualin large assemblies of men thus brought together. In Massachusetts, the system includes annual encampments.This has been tried several years, andwe believe the conviction that fastens itself upon reflectingmen is, that it is much better in theory thanin practice. Even those who have advocated andpraised it begin to confess that it does not workwell. If any thing like it should be recommendedto our Legislature for State patronage, therefore,we trust it will not be adopted without some inquirybeyond an ex parte hearing of its advocates. ex parte The following is from a Boston paper:— 'The Daily Advertiser has an article on recentproceedings at the Encampment at Salem, in whichit demands, with some sternness, that there shouldbe a reform in the military affairs of the State, andintimates that unless there is a reform, there islikely to be an investigation into the profitablenessof the present system. It appears that there wasa great deal of disorder at the Salem gathering;that the Captain of the Somerville Light Infantrywas discharged from his command for insubordination,and that afterwards he and his friends displayedconsiderable feeling on the subject; and that theMajor General was grossly insulted by one of theregiments, because he had selected Salem as theplace of encampment, contrary to the wishes of aportion of the military force. All this is very bad,and seems to justify the Advertiser in asking for aninvestigation. It now costs the State of Massachusetts$70,000 a year, or at any rate, that has beenthe average cost for several years past, to supportour militia system. It ought to be very good andto do a great deal of good, for that money. It issomewhat difficult to point out the actual good itdoes. If, in addition to its inutility as an activeagent, it does not possess the passive merit of beingorderly and obedient, it had better be looked into alittle more closely.' Daily Advertiser Advertiser to be do Another Boston paper (the New England Farmer)says:— New England Farmer 'We have, in years past, had occasion to condemnthese large and protracted military gatherings, forthe tendency to rowdyism which they foster. Itwould seem, from the reports of the Salem Encampment,published in the daily journals, that time andexperience have done little if any thing to lessenthese tendencies to evil. Indeed, the scenes thatwere enacted in Salem last week seem to have openedthe eyes of many to the fact that these encampmentsare not only occasions of rowdyism and dissipation,but they are ridiculous failures in a militarypoint of view. The camp was a scene of turbulenceand disorder, and even the personal presenceof the commander-in-chief during the second night—an unprecedented compliment to the militia—failedto secure a tolerable degree of quiet. According tothe report of a military cotemporary, who may besupposed to have put the best face upon matters,while the Governor was trying to get "at leastfour hours' sleep on a bed of straw, four hundredof his faithful soldiers eloped to Salem to visit acircus, "while the conduct of some others who remainedin camp was none the less censurable, andmany occurrences unbecoming a soldier are reported." four hundred 'But there was something more than turbulenceand dissipation in the Salem Encampment. Therewas glaring insubordination. Notwithstanding thetroops have enjoyed the advantages of these encampmentsfor several years, a portion of them appear tobe ignorant of the very foundation principles of militaryethics, viz., that obedience is the soldier's firstduty.' Details of this insubordination are given, whichare gross enough, but for which we have not room.A correspondent of the Daily Advertiser, whosigns himself 'A Militia Man in Active Service,'says:— Daily Advertiser 'Let me add one word on the subject of disorderat night in camp. Every body who has ever beento camp will bear witness that the scenes at WinterIsland are the rule and not the exception on suchoccasions. The license which prevails throughoutthe tents is unworthy of Christian, pagan or man—to say nothing of soldiers. To all who have attendedon such occasions, I need only to mention theyelling, swearing, and vile language which rendernight hideous at camp, to call up to their recollectionscenes disgraceful to civilized beings, and suchas it is to be hoped will be omitted from the programmeof this year's encampment of the First Division,and of all future encampments. 'You are right, sir, in saying that if the membersof our volunteer militia do not 'mend their ways,they must regard their existence as an institution asdoomed'; and let me add, that they will have noone but themselves to thank for their doom, if itcomes—and unless they do mend their ways, thesooner it comes, the better.' 

 In a recent speech before the graduating class ofthe Abbott Female Academy at Andover, N.H.,Senator Hale said: 'Now there were some who didnot believe women would have all their rights tillthey had the right of suffrage. But if this rightwere obtained, it might be found to degrade insteadof elevating female life. What was there in theexercise of the right of suffrage to produce moralelevation? We did not see that the men in citieswho exercised the right were cnnobled, refined, orelevated by going to the ballot box. Every femaleof delivery must revolt at finding herself in contaminatingcontact with the influences of the polls; asshe would thereby placed in conflict and on a levelwith every blackguard.' Whether women should or should not vote, theSenator's reasoning seems to us utterly absurd. Ifthe 'influences of the polls' are so contaminatingit is no reason why women should not vote, but itis a good reason why the polls should be abolished.If politics are degrading and corrupting to men, menshould not be allowed to meddle with them. Noinstitutions and no government on earth which depravethe people can be permanently advantageous. Senator Hale argues that women should not go tothe polls because she would then be placed on a levelwith every blackguard. Is the Senator so ignorantof history that he does not know that men invariablybecome blackguards in all vocations fromwhich women are excluded? Does he not know thatwomen are now, all over the land, on a level withblackguards? Why, sir, so long as blackguards andwomen exist in the same society, they will be on alevel and in conflict. The remedy is in reforming theblackguards. How little the Senator knows of femalehuman nature! We have societies in this citycomposed of females whose business it is to mingledaily with the outcast, the vagabond, and the mostdegraded specimens of humanity that can be found.But instead of becoming contaminated themselves,they are the means of reforming the others.—Life'sIllustrated. Life'sIllustrated. 

 ☞ Before 1827, railroads were unknown in thiscountry. The first one was Quinc and Boston, usedto convey granite for the Bunker Hill Monument.The next were in 1825, when the Boston and Providence,Boston and Lowell were built. There werefollowed, in 1836, by the Utica and Schenectady, andin 1827, by the Baltimore and Wilmington, and Providenceand Stonington. The Worcester and Springfieldwas completed in 1839, and Housatonic in1868. 

 THE 'INPENIOR' CLASS. William S. Bailey, Esq.,diter of the Free South, formerly Kentucky, from the West as follows:— HE NPENIOR LASS. Free South  In our brief tour thus far, (Richmond, Ind.)we visited the colored school at Harveysburg, (0.) were astonished to see the elegant penmanshipof the scholars. The teachers are, one white man,and one colored, whose names we do not now recollect.In Xenia, the colored people have errcted amost beautiful brick church, and are hastening thecompletion of the inside carpenter-work, painting,&c. At the Wilberforce University, a beautifulplace, situated about three miles north-east of Xenia,are about one hundred pupils, mainly the childrenof Southern slaveholders. It is somewhatstrange to see that slaveholders are, in the main,anxious to extend slavery over free territory, andyet are glad to send their children into free Statesto be educated. (To save themselves this trouble,they should pass a law fr all the children of slaveholdersto have free access to the public or privateschools in the Southern States.) The children,however, are not to blame for their condition, andwe are proud to see the sweeping progress they aremaking in learning, under the superintendent ofProf. R.S. Rust, a most amiable gentleman ofManchester, N.H. May his philianthropy and devotionto the equality of MIND receive the approbationand co-operation of all good people.'  We are happy to see that the cause of freedomis awakening great interest among the people, andalso that aid societies for strengthening the 'FreeSouth' are spoken of by friends in Dayton andXenia. Let the 'Free South' be made strong, andthe South shall be truly FREE.W.S.E. aid societies 

 'BRESS DER LOR!'—The Boston correspondent ofthe Nashua Register was somewhat amused at a coloredmeeting in that city a few evenings since. Theminister, a mouse-colored gentleman from abroad,said he should like to say a few words before hebegun. Perhaps you may want to know who Iare.' He then proceeded to say that he was aBoston, some three years ago, trying to raise fifteenhundred dollars to buy his wife and children, in slavery. 'I got do money, bress der Lor.'  Hewent to St. Louis—''foun' my folks, bress der lor'!,but they had recently been sick, and the owner refusedto give them up unless thirty-eight dollars, thephysician's bill, was forthcoming. The mouse-coloredgentleman then went to Chicago, fell in with friends, and returned to St. Louis with the wholeamount. But, bress der Lor', bress der Lor', isshouted, at the top of his stentorian voice, 'whenI got dar, de old woman an der children had runoff, and got to Canada, bress der Lor'! an ' I've gotfifteen hundred an thirty-eighty dollars in der backbress der Lor'!' RESS OR Register  He made a very familiar use of the phrase, "bressder Lor'!' When the congregation, as is customary,marched up to the altar to contribute to the collection,the minister said, 'Will de brudden giveway, and let de sisters pass up?—give 'em you know dey wants a deal wid der big hoops—bressder Lor'!'  

 The following remedies are offered to the as the best, most perfect which medical science afford. AYER CATHARTIC PILLS have been with the utmost skill which the medical of this age possesses, and their effects they have virtues which surpass any combinationsof medicines hitherto known. Other preparationsdo more or less good; but this cures such our complaints, so quick and so surely, as to an efficacy and a power to uproot disease any thing which men have known before. the  of the internal organs stimulating them into healthy action, they the fountains of life and vigor.—health anew through the body, and the sick men again. They are adapted to disease, and only, for when taken by one in health but little effect. This in the perfection of It is antagonists to discase and no more. children may take them with impunity. If theyare sick they will sure them, if they are well theywill do them no harm.   YER ATHARTIC ILLS                 Give them to some patient who has been with billions complaint; see his bent up form straighten with strength again; see long-lost appetite return; see his clammy featuresblossom into heath. Give them to some suffererwhose foul blood has burst out in acrefula till skin is covered with serve; who stands or sits lies in anguish. He has been drenched inside andout with every potion which ingenuity could Give him these PILLS, and mark the effectsee the scabs from his body; see the now, skin that has grown under them; see the late that is clean. Give them to him whose humors have planted rheumatism in his joints andbones; move him, and he screeches with pain; too has been soaked through every muscle of body with liniments and salves, give him thesePILLS to purely his blood; they may not cure himfor alas! these are cases which no moral powercan reach but mark he walks with cruthces now,Give them to the lean, sour, haggard, dyspeptic,whose gnawing stomach has long ago eaten smile from his face and every muscle from .See his appetite return, and with it his health; the now man. See her that was radiant with healthand loveliness blasted and too early witheringaway; want of exercise or mental anguish, or somelurking disease has deranged the internal of digestion, assimilation or secretion, till they their office ill. Her blood is vitiated, her health gone. Give her these PILLS to stimulate the principle into renewed vigor, to cast out the obstructions,and infuse a new vitality into the .Now look again—the roses bloosom on her cheek,and where lately sorrow sat joy bursts from everyfeature. See the sweet infant wanted with Its wan, sickly features will you without and painfully distinct, that they are eating its lifeaway. Its pinched-up none and ears, and restlesssleeping, tell the dreadful truth in language whichevery mother known. Give it the PILLS in largedoes to sweep these vile parasites from the body.Now turn again and see the ruddy bloom of childhood.Is it nothing to do these things? Nay arethey not the marvel of this age? And yet they aredone around you every day.       ILLS      ILLS       ILLS     ILLS Have you the less serious symptoms of these distempers,they are the easier cured. JaundiceCostiveness, Headache, Side ache, Heartache, FoulStomach, Nausea, Pain in the Bowels, FlatulencyLoss of Appetite, King's Evil, Neuralgia, Gent, andkindred complaints all arise from the derangementswhich these PILLS rapidly cure. Take them and under the counsel of a good Physicianif you can; if not, take them judiciously by advise as we give you, and the distressing dangerousdiseases they cure, which afflict so many of the human race, are cast out like the of old—they must burrow in the brutes and sea. Price 25 cents per box— 5 boxes for $1. ILLS      Through a trial of many years and through nation of civilized men, AYER's CHERRY has been found to afford more relief and to more cause of pulmonary disease than any remedy known to mankind. Cases of apparentlysettled consumption have been cured by it, thousand of sufferers who were deemed beyond reach of human aid have been restored to friends and usefulness to sound health and enjoyments of life, by this all powerful disease of the lungs and threat. Here a cold settled on the lungs. The dry, hacking cough, glassy eye, and the pale, this features of him was lately lusty and strong, whisper to all but CONSUMPTION. He tries every thing; but disease is gnawing at this vitals, and shows fatal symptoms more and more over all his .He is taking the CHERRY PECTORAL now; it stopped his cough and made his breathing his sleep is sound at night; his appetite returnsand with it his strength. The dart which his side is broken. Scarcely any neighborhood be found which has not some living trophy like to shadow forth the virtues which have won CHERRY PECTORAL an imperishable renown. its usefulness does not end here. Nay, it accomplishesmore by prevention than cure. The colds and coughs which it cures are the which would have ripened into a dreadful of incurable diseases. Influences, Croup, Brom,Hoarseness, Plaurisy, Whooping Cough, and all of the throat and lungs are easily cured bythe CHERRY PECTORAL if taken in season. family should have it by them, and they will an invaluable protections from the insidious which carries of the parent sheep from many a the darling lamp from many a home.  YER HERRY             ONSUMPTION.    HERRY ECTORAL       HERRY ECTORAL       HERRY ECTORAL     Authenticated evidence of these facts, with for the treatments of each complaint, may found in Ayer's American Almanac of which publish three millions, and scatter them broadcastover the earth, in order that the sick every may have before them the information it .Druggists and dealers in medicine generally them for distribution gratis, and also for sale remedies, prepared by Dr. J.C. AYER, and Analytical Chemist, Lowell, Mass.        YER  SOLD BY THEODORE METCALP &CC., Boston. Boston. BREWER, STRVENS &CUSHING, Boston Boston BROWN &PRICE, Salem; Salem H.H. HAY, Portland; Portland J.N. MORTON &CO., Concord, N.H. Concord, N.H. And by Druggists and Dealers in Medicine everywhere. 6m   

 HAS on hand a good assortment of New and SecondHand Furniture, Feather Beds, Mattressesand almost every article used in keeping house, he offers at low prices, for cash, at  21 SALEM STREET, UP STAIRS. 

