 THE ATLANTING MONTLEY, for January, commences the year under the most favorable auspices. In contentsare—Notes on Architecture; Mays, the Princes;Catawba Wine; the Winds and the Weather;a kin by Marriage; Spartacus; Who paid for thePrima Donna? Two Rivers: The Autocrat of theBreakfast Table; Agassiz's National History; TackingShip Off Shore; Mamoul (Life in Calcutta);Books; The Diamond Lens; The Sculptur's Funeral;The President's Message; The Wedding Vail; LiteraryNotices. HE TLANTING ONTLEY 

 To the Honorable Senate and House of Representativesof Massachusetts, in General Court assembled: To the Honorable Senate and House of Representativesof Massachusetts, in General Court assembled Whereas, the women of the State of Massachusettsare disfranchised by the Constitution, solely onaccount of their sex— We do, respectfully, demand for them the right ofsuffrage; a right which involves all other rights ofcitizenship, and one that cannot, justly, be withheld,as the following admitted principles of governmentshow:— First. 'All men are born free and equal.' Second. 'Government derives its just powers fromthe consent of the governed.' Third. 'Taxation and representation are inseparable.' We, the undersigned, therefore petition your honorablebody to take the necessary steps for a revision ofthe Constitution, so that all citizens may enjoy equalpolitical rights. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ERMS ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for THEDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements making less than one square insertedthree times for 75 cents—one square for $1 00. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societiesare authorized to receive subscriptions for THELIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞The following gentleman constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of the debtsof the paper, viz—FRANCIS JACKSON, ELLISGRAY LORING, EDMUND QUINCY, SAMUEL PHILBRICK,and WENDELL PHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON LLIS RAY ORING DMUND UINCY AMUEL HILBRICK ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 ☞Our friend PARKER PILLSBURY, we league, isseen to give Lyceum lecture at Concord, N.N.,andat Newburyport. He is also engaged to give his ablelecture, or The French Revolution, at Lowell, at anearly day.  Lyceums everywhere will do well to securethe services of Mr. Pillsbury.  There are few whothink so clearly, who speak so bravely, and whosefaith in the highest Truth, Justice, and Goodness are more strong and abiding than his.  M. ARKER ILLSBURY The French Revolution 

 ☞'The free States are the guardians and essentialsupports of slavery. We are the jailers and constables of the institution. . . . There is some excusefor communities, when, under a generous impulse,they espouse the cause of the oppressed in other States,and by force restor their rights; but they are withoutcourse in holding other States in binding on man onunrighteous yoke. On this subject, OUR FATHERS, INFRAMING THE CONSTITUTION, SWERVED FROM THE RIGHT.  We their children, at the end of half a century,see the path of duty more closely than they,and must with in it. To this point the public mindhas long been tending, and the time has come for lookingat it fully, dispencionetely, and with manly andChristian resolution. . . No blessing of the Unioncan be a compensation for taking part in the enslavingof our fellow-creatures; nor ought this bond to beperpetuated, if experience shall demonstrate that itcan only continue through our participation in wrongdoing. To this conviction the free States are tending.— WILLIAM ELLERY CHANRINE. holding other States in binding on man onunrighteous yoke. ILLIAM LLERY HANRINE. 

 THE GOLDEN AGE OF AMERICAN ORATORY. ByEDWARD G. PARKER. Boston: Whittemose Niles&Hall. 1857. HE OLDEN GE MERICAN RATORY. DWARD ARKER. This is not only readable but a very attractiveand well-sustained volume of 420 pages. It is dividedinto Four Chapters:—I. The Golden Age ofOrstory, II. The Oratory of Congress—Henry Clay,Daniel Webster, Fisher Ames. III. The Oratory ofthe Ban—William Pinkncy, Rufus Choste. IV. TheOratory of the Platform— Edward Everett, EdwinH. Chapin, Henry Ward Beecher, Wendell Phillips.The descriptions of Henry Clay and of Rufus Choateappeared originally in 'Putnam's Magazine.' That ofFisher Ames was originally presented in the form ofa Lecture before the Mercantile Library Associationof Boston; and a portion of the description of EdwardEverett's oratory was pronounced as an Orationon the Fourth of July, before the City Authorities ofBoston. With these exceptions, the matter of thebook is now first published. The author of this volume is a young lawyer ofthis city of considerable promise, who was so unfortunate,not to say criminal, as to have acted the slave, andfor the oppressor— but who has since identified himselfwith the Republican cause, to the extent at leastof supposing John C. Frement for the Presidency.In describing the qualities, characteristics, and impressiveeloquence of the various craters whom hehas selected he evinces rare copiousness of language,great freshness and brilliancy of illustration, excellentanalytical powers and a genuine appreciation of thesubline and beautiful in oratory—though there is,perhaps, an excess of description and in every instance(except that of Wendell Phillips) an exaggerationof the power and effect of the oratorical displaysof his heroes, great as they unquestionablywere or are—for five of the nine are still living. Ofthose nine, not one of them occupies the ostracizedposition of Wendell Phillips, by his loyal adherenceto the most unpopular, and yet the grandest causeof the age; and, therefore, while inflation of praisemay be tolerated in their case, he must be describedmore circumspectly, and indirectly held up as misguided,if not erratic, in order to conform to the presentstate of public opinion. Thus, in delineating thefeatures of Clay, Webster, Choate and Everett, aspublic men and gifted speech-makers, Mr. Parker, inthe excess of his admiration, finds no opportunity tomake even a passing criticism upon their recreancy tothe cause of humanity and freedom, their dispositionto compromise principle, their subservience to theslavocracy of the South, their contempt for 'thehigher law.' He does not evince the slightest moraldiscrimination or moral sensibility. Of Mr. Websterhe says, 'His patriotic motives in the famous 7th ofMarch speech, 1850, have never been fully appreciated.'The motives which animated Benedict Arnoldhave never, for the same reason substantially, beenappreciated. To attach term 'patriotic' to such aspeech, whether in regard to motive or matter is anoffence against justice, and a perversion of language.It was a mean, wicked, selfish speech, and stainedwith blood throughout. Mr. Webster, we are told,'fully expected his own political annihilation, as itsimmediate result. We believe no such thing. Itwas palpable to the dullest vision, that it was his lastbid for the Presidency—getting down on his knees tothe Slave Power, yes, prostrating himself in the dustbefore it, with the vain expectation of securing a successfulnomination. If he anticipated a loss of popularitythereby in Massachusetts, he expected to increaseit greatly at the South, and throughout thecountry generally. That he failed in his ignoblepurpose—that he received not a solitary Southernvote in all the forty-nine balloting for a candidate—that he retired to Marshfield, mortified, astounded,heart-broken and shortly afterward saw 'the last ofearth,'—is only another proof that divine retributionis sure to be executed. The description of Mr. Phillips as an orator is generallyfelicitous, but Mr. Parker is not capable of takinghis dimensions, owing to a lack of that high moralelement which is essential to a full appreciation ofone 'whose soul is like a star, and dwells apart.'Thus Mr. Phillips is represented as 'a Platform speakerexclusively: he has no learned profession: he studiedlaw, but never practiced it.' But why he hasnever practiced law, and why he has no such profession,nothing is said, nothing explained, except inferentiallywhen it is subsequently added, 'He has nobusiness but one, no object but one— that is the Americanslave; as the man said who was taken up as avagrant he "practices the abolition business." Thelevity of all this proves what we have said of themoral in competency of the writer to measure thestature and power of Mr. Phillips; for, in a countrylike ours, crushed and fettered in thought, speech,and action, dishonored in character, corrupted in theblood, by the existence and away of the most loathsomeand the most exacting despotism in the world,to consecrate time, talent, wealth, reputation, everything, to the one object of redeeming the land, andmaking liberty a possible enjoyment for all, is, in acase like that of Mr. Phillips, worthy of the strongestadmiration and the noblest panegyric. For what thatconcerns men, for time or eternity—what that concernsthe safety and welfare of the land we inherit—what that relates to the development of all humanfaculties and powers— is not wrapped up in 'oppositionto slavery'? If Mr. P. 'has a Platform, andnothing but a Platform, it is because no where else ishe allowed to advocate the canes of impartial liberty;and, making as he does that Platform as broad asthe whole earth, and embracing thereon the wholehuman race as one brotherhood, his sphere of thoughtand action is commensurate with the wants and theclaims of our common humanity. 'It was fortunatefor his eloquence,' Mr. Parker thinks, than he did notpractice law; it was more fortunate, we think, for hisentire development as a man— every inch a man. Mr. Parker thinks that 'even his enemies must respecthim for his honest moral audacity'— the audacityof telling the truth, and calling things by theirright names, after the manner of James Otis andSam Adams. 'He stands himself a slave,— the slaveof an idea,— alone, against the organized civilizationwhich surrounds him,— a modern Prometheus, contendingwith the Gods.' A slave! Then what is itto be a free man, nobly and willingly serving the sameof freedom, at whatever cost? The slave of an idea?The idea that liberty the inalienable birthright ofall—that slavery is execrable in its nature, devilish inits spirit, and blasphemous in its assumption— thatunless the chains of our fettered countrymen arespeedily broken, the nation itself will surely be destroyed,'and that without remedy'! Is not this anidea worth being socially and politically proscribedfor? It is not 'Prometheus contending with theGods'— it is an upright soul sustained by the powerof God, and the consciousness of ultimate victory. audacity slave idea Of the abolition party, Mr. Parker thus speaks:— 'He [Mr. Phillips] joined in with a party, over whosegates he saw written as far as Life's prizes are concerned,the motto of the Inferno; 'All hope abandon,ye who enter here.' It is a party which can nevertriumph but by making thirty millions believe theirConstitution 'a league with hell,' and the memory ofWashington the scandal of the land; and this heknew when he took post with them. The sacrifice isindeed great; the devotion of aim, mad as it is, is tobe ranked abstractly with the loftiest thoughts ofmen.' mad abstractly This is all the notice which a party, disinterestedlyand uncompromisingly contending for a quarter of acentury for the natural right of all men to be free,obtains on the part of this writer. If it brands theConstitution as 'a league with hell,' it is became ofits slaveholding compromise, whereby the accusationis fully sustained; and it matters not, whether therebe thirty persons or thirty millions' of persons wisemust first be made to believe it, before this party cantriumph. The truth must be proclaimed, as of old,Whether men will hear, or whether they will forbear.'As for making 'the memory of Washington the scandalof the land,' this is a gratuitous aspersion, usedapparently for an ad eaptandum purpose. Who hasdone Washington the greater honor—Edward Everett,in 'remembering to forget' that the last andbest and of Washington's life was in emancipating allhis slaves and so excluding it from his eulogy—orWendell Phillips in holding up that act to the gazeof all Christendom as worthy of special remembranceand commendation? As to the 'prices of Life,' towhich Mr. Parker refers, they are utterly unworthythe pursuit of noble souls, and can satisfy only suchas mingle self-exaltation with low ambition. Mr.Phillips can well afford to sacrifice them all in exchangefor the rewards of an unsullied moral career. ad eaptandum It is common for distinguished public speakers tohave their Imitators especially among those who 'trainin the same company'; hence, the author of this volumeseems to take it for granted that, among abolitionists,Mr. Phillips is extensively copied as a model—for he says: It is curious to observe what a tacit compliment ispaid to Phillips by the universal of his manner.Whether consciously or not, the whole schoolof Anti-Slavery speakers, from Theodore Parker toFrederick Douglass, (!) seem to catch more or less ofhis intentions and cadences.' by the universal of his manner. the whole schoolof Anti-Slavery speakers Nothing can be more wide of the mark than this.We do hot know of a single anti-slavery speaker,whether belonging to the pulpit or the platform, whobears the slightest resemblance to Mr. Phillips, eitherin regard to manner or method, voice or gesture. Toname Theodore Parker or Frederick Douglass, is instantlyto expose the absurdity of Mr. P's statement:for these are as unlike Mr. Phillips as possible, andneither has any resemblance to the other. So, too,to mention Charles C. Burleigh. Parker Pillsbury,Stephen S. Foster, Andrew T. Foes, Charles L. Remond,Robert Purvis, William Wells Brown, &c. &c.,is to present in each case an entirely different speaker—each is totally himself, and no other. There isneither model nor copyist in the anti-slavery ranks.See how wide the difference of style and action betweenLucretia Mott, Abby Kelley Foster. Lucy Stone,Sallic Holley, Jane Elizabeth Jones, and Mary Grow?We do net mean to be understood as saying, that thecharge of imitating the most perfect specimen of anorator (in the most comprehensive sense of the term)that, perhaps, our country has produced,—whetherthe imitation be conscious or unconscious,—is atall discreditable or invidious; but the fact is, manneristsand imitators are not the class called to the workof storming the kingdom of darkness, and bearingupward and onward the banner of reform. These arefound where respectability, and fashion, and popularityhold away, not in 'the school of the prophets,' notamong the moral iconoclasts of the age. How widethe diversity that existed between a Peter and a John,a Paul and an Apollos! If abolitionists are remarkablefor anything, it is for their sharply defined andpositive individualism. 'It is curious to observe' howgreatly mistaken is Mr. Parker on this point. We are gravely assured by him that 'some of his[Mr. Phillips's] speeches, revised by himself, woulddoubtless read well'! This is intended as complimentary,'doubtless,' but it closely borders on the ludicrous.When his speeches (though generally deliveredwithout special preparation, and often whollyimpromptu) shall have been brought together in onemassive volume, it will be acknowledged by posteritywe venture to predict, to be a legacy of exceedingvalue—worth all that ever fell from the lips of Clay,Webster, Choate and Everett put together—felicitousin diction, rich in illustration, exquisite in satire, masterlyin defense, irresistible in attack, impregnable inposition, grand in principle, sublime in purpose, gloriousin power. They are not simply anti-slaveryspeeches, in a narrow or technical sense: their spiritis would-wide, their philosophy profound and comprehensive,their adaptation to any future struggle, inany age, for the rights of man, quite remarkable. some revised by himself As if anxious to qualify the many flue things hesays of Mr. Phillips, so as not to offend public sentiment,Mr. Parker must needs occasionally throw in aslur like the following:—'Woe to the man uponwhom Phillips chooses to fix his epithets: they arepoisoned arrows: they leave the smart behind. 'Again:—'Whatever shall be the future career of thiseloquent person,—whether the visionary wildness(!)of his sincere philanthropy shall ever subside into aphilanthropy of possibilities, (!) or he shall round hiscareer as it has opened,—we think he will be rememberedhereafter as a true man. He may be fierce (!)and not well steadied (!) in the fashion and the passionof his philanthropy, but his philanthropy itselfis genuine.' Qualifications like these are not criticisms,but concessions to the present perverted state ofpublic opinion respecting the Anti-Slavery movement.Terms lose their significance, language becomes deceptiveand fraudulent, when the charge of 'visionarywildness,' or of being 'fierce and not wellsteadied,' in vindicating the cause of human freedom,is brought against such a man as Wendell Phillips.What Mr. Parker says of him, at the close of his eloquentsketch, shows that he does not really believethe charge:—'He is infinitely more worthy of honorthan many of the politicians who have ridden into thesunbeams of celebrity, by temporarily bestriding hishobby. [Hobby?] When they are forgotten, he willstill live. The men of his own day will never lsurelhim, but the men of the future will build him amonument' So much for having 'a Platform, andnothing but a Platform'! So much for having 'nobusiness but one, no object but one,—that is, theAmerican slave'! poisoned arrows 'For truth shall conquer at the last—So round and round we run,And ever the right comes uppermost,And ever is justice done.'    

 Our government missed three golden opportunities,within a few years past, of extending our dominionand our republican institutions in the right direction,when it failed to take advantage of the BlackWarrior, Panama and Central American difficulties,to which we have just alluded. It should then havetaken possession of the frowning butteries of theMoro—that fortress at the mouth of the Mississippi—it should have seized Panama and Nicaragua, andheld their transit routes for the benefit of the commercialworld. We conquered Mexico once, we may have to do itagain. Would it not have been better, on the scoreof humanity, good government, and the commercialinterest of the world, to have held it when the prizewas in our hands? We doubt whether a powerfulEuropean nation would have given posterity such aspecimen of excessive magnanimity. Having lost three golden opportunities for the acquisitionof valuable territory—territory to essentialto our commercial interests and national posterity—will our Government pass by a fourth? There lies St. Domingo. Look at it. It is oneof the finest, the fruitfullest, the healthiest of theWest India Islands. Nearly as large as South Carolina,having an area extending twenty-seven thousandand square miles, with an inexhaustible , with acoast indented with bays affording fine harbors, richin all the richest products of the topics, and clothedwith the perpetual beauty of an unsurpassed vegetation—there it lies like a precious wait in the sea.Take it! Is it not a burning disgrace, that a black empireshould lay almost at our doors—that a half millionof negroes should be permitted to lord it our suchan Island as St. Domingo? If we look at St. Domingo in a commercial pointof view, its acquisition would be most valuable.The trading world would be benefited, were it topass into our hands. Let us take Hayti, the bestcultivated part of the island, for example. Duringthe last year of the French dominion, the sports ofthe principal products of the colony were — clayedsugars, 47,316,531 pounds, and muscovado sugar,98,573,300 pounds; coffee, 76,835,219 pounds; andcotton, 7,504,274 pounds. In 1851, the amount ofcoffee exported was only 43,000,000 pound and ofcotton 1,200,000. These and other exported articlesamounted to only five millions of dollars!  Whatits exports would amount to, under a judicious systemof agriculture, inaugurated by an surprisingrace like ours, surpasses calculation. But there is a still stronger reason why we shouldhave St. Domingo, and especially Hayti. Soulouque,mortified that our Government will no receive aMinister from his sable Court, loses no pretext torevenge himself upon inoffensive captains and sailorsof American merchantmen in the part of theisland. But a little while ago, Capt. Leets, of aRhode Island brig, lying at Port au Prime, was imprisoned,and fined heavily, because he permitted oneof Souloque's subjects from tampering with hiscrew. Similar outrages occur frequently, and thereis, therefore, no security for an American vessel onthe coast of Hayti. We repeat it. let our Government take the Island.If it will not obliterate this bogus empire—thismiserable farce of a nation, and substitute one ofour choice, let Congress suspend the neutrality lawsfor one year, and the South will soon do the businessfor Soulouque. In fact, we believe the masses ofthe nation would exult over the inauguration of anew state of things in that country. The peopleare progressive enough—it is only the Governmentthat acts the sluggard, now and then demanding toplay the Vidocq against its own citizens in behalf offoreign countries. 

 The following Call for an Anti-Slavery Conventionin Vermont to be held some time during this month,has been issued in that State, and it is hoped will bewarmly responded to by the friends of the oppressedin that region. It is among the mountains that thespirit of Freedom delights to dwell. Whereas, the question of American Slavery is deservedlythe great question before the people, in bothChurch and State: Whereas, there is need of more and continued agitationon this subject, and for greater effort in theAnti-Slavery cause: Whereas, there are many in our State who desireto occupy a higher moral platform them that occupiedby the political parties: And, whereas, it is desirable that the friends ofFreedom be better acquainted, and cooperate moreheartily: The undersigned hereby invite their fellow-citizensto meet in Convention at—on Tuesday andWednesday, the— of January, 1858, to consult,discuss and determine with reference to the evilof Slavery, and to adopt such measures and take suchaction as the importance of the subject and the stateof the times demand. 

 Extract from the Inaugural Address of Gov. A.B.Moore to the Legislature of Alabama:— 'It is manifestly the determination of the BlackRepublicans to exterminate the institution of slavery,by prohibiting its extension into the Territories ofthe United States, by abolishing it in the District ofColumbia, and by confining it within the limits ofthe States where it now exists, so as ultimately torender slaves valueless to their owner, and thus affecttheir emancipation. With this avowed object, their numbers have continuedto increase, until they have secured the controllingpower in a large majority of the free States,and elected the Speaker of the House of Representativesat the last session of Congress. Stimulated by his success, they made a bold andreckless attempt to elect a President of the UnitedStates. This party, so strong in numbers, so destructivein its tendencies, and so determined in itspurposes, cannot be regarded with indifference, norcan our confidence in the perpetuity of the Unionremain unshaken. The prospects before us call forthe active exercise of the wisdom, firmness, and patriotionof all who properly regard the Constitution,the rights of the States, and the Union. It isclear that their mad career must be arrested, or theslaveholders must abandon all hope of maintainingtheir rights in the Union. Though the preservationof the Union cannot be considered 'the paramountpolitical good,' its dissolution would be agreat calamity, which no portion can contemplatebut with the deepest emotion. May not such an event be averted, and the equalrights of the States preserved? If the constitutional men of the free States, andthe entire South, will postpone for the present allminor questions, and unite on the great, the paramountissue presented by the Black Republicans,their efforts will be crowned with success. The recentelections, North and South, indicate that thetrue constitutional men every where see and feel theimportance of such a union. In this union is thehope of the country.' 

 PUBLIC DISUSSION IN VRRMONT. We learn thatour friend. Rev. N.R. JOMNSTON, Pastor of the CovenanterChurch in Topsham, Vermont, is to have apublic discussion at Whitfield, on the 11th January,and subsequent evenings, with Rev. Mr. Prindle,Chairman of the Committee of the 'Radical PoliticalAbolitionists,' On the following points:— UBLIC ISUSSION RRMONT. OMNSTON 1. 'The United States Constitution is a pro-slaverycompact.'  Mr. Johnston takes the affirmative. 2. 'Congress has constitutional power to abolishslavery in the Southern States.' Mr. Prindle affirms. 3. 'The Christian patriot may not take oaths of allegiance to the United States government swear tosupport the Constitution nor exercise the electivefranchise under it.'  Mr. Johnston affirms. 

 The following article was published soon after thedivision in the Methodist Episcopal Church, in theSouthern Christian Advocate, of Charleston, S.C. Southern Christian Advocate 'As we now wish the Methodist Episcopal Churchof the United States, North, joy in being fully pre-Slavery—so far as any and every vital principle isconcerned—as the M.E. Church, South, is, hasbeen, or ever will be. The ecclesiastical body is formally,truly, undeniable, irrevocably connected withslavery. Slaveholders lead her classes; slaveholderskneel at her communion tables; slaveholders fill herboard of trusteees; slaveholders occupy her very papists.Let New England and Ohio stand aghast, andlet the daughters of Eastern and Western Abolitionismgird themselves with sackcloth. Slaveholdersoccupy her pulpits, we repeat: for although thetravelling preachers of the Baltimore Conferenceare not allowed to hold this kind of property, anyof the Maryland or Virginia local preachers maythat choose so to do; and many of them are slaveholders.A fine denouement truly, is this to thewhole tragedy of the General Conference of 1844.The M.E. Church has lost sixteen of her fairestprovinces; and kept slavery sticking to her skirts, afterall. Her enemies within and without will saythat she endorses the doctrine, that human beingsmay be regarded as property—held as chattels—what answer can we give? She sees no moral guiltin the relation of master and slave, per se. Her officialorgans must be again closed. Expediencymust strangle conscience, or abolitionists will leavethe foul communion in thousands. The slidingscale of morality must be adopted again, and thatcourse of auction be regarded as virtuous and praiseworthyIn short, the Baltimore Conference hasconferred a better boon upon the Southern Churchby going North, than if she had brought to ourcommunication twice the amount of her present number,and ten times the amount of her talent. Shekeeps slavery in the mother Church, and makesevery apology for Northern Methodism, a championof Southern rights and principles.' North pre-Slavery slaveholders occupy her very papists. Virginia local preachers denouement kept slavery per se. must 

 BOSTON, Dec. 17, 1867. OSTON MY DEAR SIR: Y EAR IR I rejoice that you see the folly of waiting, withfolded hands, for the coming of 'God's good time'for the overthrow of the evils of this world, and thenecessity of incessantly and strenuously perseveringin the use of means, means, to accomplish whateverneeds to be accomplished; I rejoice still more thatyou see the continuance of the curse of slavery to bepreeminently owing to 'those easy, good-temperedgentlemen in pulpits and editors' chairs,' who havebeen crying 'peace' peace!' deprecating agitation,and thus postponing the remedy for out evils until ithas become well-nigh too late. But when you saythat the errors in question are 'at last fast dying out'—and that 'the rising generation are being trained ina better school'—and that 'Kansas is at length certainof being a free State '—and that 'a few years, etmost, will probably finally settle the question of slavery'—I see that you have no conception of the extentto which our religion and politics have been corruptedby slavery, and of how very little has yet beenaccomplished towards its overthrow, compared withwhat remains to be done. means, means fast dying out certain etmost extent The man who acquiesces in war, because it is limited by humanity and civilization somewhat more thanformerly—in slavery, because to keep men in chainsis not ad had as to kill and set them —or in fornication,because adultery is worse—has not gone far inthe way of reform. I know very well that 'every littlehelps. I fully appreciate the advantage of keepingwhat we have got, and getting what more wecan. But return must be judged not merely by comparisonwith the preceding evil, but with the standardof truth, right, justice. However satisfactory it maybe to have secured temporary gains by indirect andpartial methods, in looking forward to future andpermanent progress, we should be ware of relying uponmethods not founded on the rock of sound principle.This consideration prevents me from taking the satisfactionthat you seem to take in the position of theFree State political party, on one hand, and of the remonstrantagainst the government of the Tract Society,on the other. Each of them is making a sacrificegain with slavery, to gain something from it by concedingsomething so it, instead of standing, as theyboth ought, in utter, irreconcilable, uncompromisingopposition to it. The Free State men, Freesoilers, or Republicans,as they have at different times called themselves. (decidedwith the hope that slavery will die by limitationof spaces, as our fathers were deluded by the expectationthat it would die when the foreign slavetrade was cut off,) are making the same enormous,dreadful blinder—blunder and crime, in one act—which these fathers made, namely agreeing to theundisturbed continuance of slavery where it is nowestablished. They think to gain something for libertyby expressly conceding that the present masters offour millions of slaves may keep them and their posterityaesthetes until God shall set them free. Theyexpressive agree that, to this extent, they will allowthe great principles on which the Declaration of Independencewas founded to be trodden under foot.And they are foolish enough to expect, by such acourse, to advance the cause of liberty. Satan alwaysconquers those who fight him with such weapons. God Was at the Grecian sage right when he said thatthe best government was that which protected thepoorest equally with the richest? Is it not as true inpolitics a in religion—Inasmuch as ye have doneright or wrong unto one of the least of these mybrethren ye have done it unto me! The blessing ofGod cannot follow a nation which declares that itsConstitution was adopted 'to maintain liberty.' andyet uses and very Constitution to maintain and perpetuateslavery. Since the letter of the Constitutionhas come to be prized and exalted in opposition toits spirit since the instrument itself has become anobject of idolatrous reverence, to the disparagementof justice and righteousness, I, for one, am willingto break as spell by rending it asunder. We canmake a new Constitution, retaining all the merits ofthe old, and omitting the foul blot of inconsistencythat deforms it; we cannot safely go on in the deliberateviolation of the laws of God and the rights ofman. me not You know very well that the Treat Society havebeen making the same blunder, and committing thesame sin but I know, and I think I can prove toyou, that the remonstrates in the Tract Society aredoing the same thing in kind, only less in degree,They also are compromising—trying to 'split and differencebetween right and wrong—offering to give upso much to Satan, if he will give up so much to them.They have not yet found out that he always gains bythat sort of bargain. To give you the proof I have just promised, it willbe necessary to go back a little in the history of thepresent movement in the Tract Society. You remember that I sent you an analysis of theResolutions adopted at the last annual meeting of thatSociety showing that they were unsatisfactory andincompetent in the work of reform, because two-faced;offering to each party in the controversy some particularexpressions adapted to favor its ideas, and which,when separated and emphasized, might plausibly enoughconvey the idea that the case was decided in its favor.I also expressed to you my conviction that theintelligent framers of that document, intending it as acompromise measure, and purposely given it thesecharacterizations, and were seeking peace in the Societyrather than parity—and furthermore, that the intelligentgentlemen who accepted this document in behalfof the remonstrant and praised it as entirely satisfactory,notwithstanding the characteristics of indirectnessand disingenuousness that I have mentioned,were themselves seeking peace rather than purity. two-faced when separated and emphasized its favor. The result has fully corroborated both the first andthe last of these seemingly harsh judgments. Thetwo parties in this controversy, represented by theofficials of the Society and the New York Observeron one side, and the Independent and Congregationaliston the other, seized upon the very expressions in theReport to which I had called your attention, and eachclaimed the matter as decided in its favor, in consequenceof the leaning of those particular expressionsto its side. Each party still makes this claim, andnow a new meeting is necessary to tell us what thatdocument really meant. Dr. Wayland has told us(in the document I have already sent to you) whathe meant; but somebody else in the Committee meantsomething else, and insisted on his significant phrasesjust as strongly, and will affirm their potency just asloudly when the next discussion comes. This is whatis gained by compromise. The work is all to be doneover again; and the people who wanted reform, butyet accepted those double-faced expressions in thesame document as entirely satisfactory, and re-electedthe same pro-slavery Board to administer them, areto blame for it. Observer Independent Congregationalist its he his entirely satisfactory But this is not all. The gentlemen who have madethis mistake, and led the confiding main body of theprompt and assiduous to repair it, especially as theyare still looked to for counsel in the premises. Theyought to have done these two things, or somethingequally energetic. 1. When the officials of the Trust-Society publiclystand that the contributions of the South had stopped,and that therefore they had decided to print notracts upon slavery for the present, the leaders of theremonstrants should have brought the force of thispotent lever to hear in the right direction, by immediatelyadvising the entire stoppage of Northern contributions,until tracts should be issued, not onlyupon, but against slavery. This measure would havebrought the Board at once to their senses, since theNorthern contributions are ten times the amount ofthe Southern. Instead of this, the Independent andthe Congregationalist still advise making the usualcontributions, which must of course strengthen theBoard for the approaching contest. therefore Northern against  Independent Congregationalist 2. When the officials of the Tract Society affirmedthat the Resolutions were a decision in their favor,designed to justify and to continue their previousline of policy (except in the single article of not mutilatingthe books they republished)—the leaders ofthe remonstrants—who had said, through the Independent,that the Resolutions were so decidedly intheir favor that, if the Executive Committee of theTract Society were not disposed to carry them out bythe immediate publication of tracts on slavery, theywere bound, as honest men, to resign their offices—should immediately have called a special meeting ofthe Society to settle this disputed question; and, ifthe Society had sustained the officers in resisting theneeded reform, these leaders should forthwith havecalled a meeting of the remonstrant, from all theFree States, to decide whether they would organizean effective opposition, and direct their efforts towardsthe election of an entirely new board of officers; orwhether they would leave the Society, and form a newone. Instead of this, the Independent and the Congregationalistcounsel that the mismanagement of theSociety be left undisturbed until the annual meetingin May, and oppose that organization and pre-arrangementamong the remonstrant which is their onlychance for doing any thing effective even at the nextmeeting. their Independent their bound, as honest men, to resign their offices meeting of the remonstrant Independent Congregationalist These things being so—the remonstrant beingwaiting, and even stupidly playing into the hands ofthe enemy, while the government of the Society arediligently working to fortify themselves for the annualmeeting—I do not expect any decided advantage tothe cause of reform at that meeting. It is most probablethat some compromise will be patched up, as atthe last meeting, which, seeming in some degree tofavor reform, will quiet the remonstrant, though reallyleaving the power with the present board of officers,to be managed substantially as at present. seeming I am sorry to see men so worthy, in many respects,as the leaders of the remonstrant in the Tract Society,depending upon compromise with evil as a meansof advancing the welfare of the Church; but whenwe look at the other side, at those who are interestingthemselves to sustain slavery, we shall find that theydo not shrink from direct falsehood in the promotionof that end. sustain I had just read the valuable work of Mr. Stirling *when your letter, making reference to it, arrived.(By the way, you mistake in supposing that this book,with the works of Olmsted and Helper, will be extensivelyread in the South. The circulation of theformer works is discouraged there, but that of Helper'sis not permitted. A bookseller who should offerit openly for sale would be in danger of Lynch law.) * extensivelyread permitted. In Stirling's 'Letters from the Slave States,' p. 261,under the running title at the head of the page, 'AConverted Abolitionist,' we find the following passage: 'I have been reading Dr. Nehemiah Adams's South-SideView of Slavery—a book which was recommendedto me as a good exponent of the views of Northernfavorers of slavery. Dr. Adams is a Boston minister,who went to the South a rabid abolitionist, and returned,after a stay of three months, a rank pro-slaveryman. The history of his book tells the character ofthe man. He in one of those soft-hearted, soft-headedmen with whom abolitionism is a sentimentalism;whoso maudlin philanthropy has no sure basis of intellectualand moral conviction. They do not regardslavery as a moral wrong—a lese-majesty of thehuman will, interfering with the duties and destiniesof man as a moral intelligence. It is the "unhappiness"of the slave, the so-culled "horrors of slavery,"over which they snivel and snuffle. Such men easilypass from one extreme to another. Apostasy is thenatural revulsion of a weak mind. A diseased sensibility,uncontrolled by stable principle, yields to everyvarying influence; and the fanatic of the North becomesthe apostle of slavery in the South. By hisown account, Dr. Adams went to the South with hisbrain seething with "Uncle Tom." He expected tomeet nothing but "Topays" and "Legers"; andwhen, on the contrary, he saw pleasant little blackfaces, and met with refined Southern slave-owners,the revulsion of feeling changed him, at once, from anopponent to an apologist of slavery.' South-SideView of Slavery went to the South a rabid abolitionist Now Mr. Sirling has in this case made an error ofhasty generalization. His whole book shows that,though his own observation and judgment have ledhim to almost exactly the same conclusions as the abolitionismhe has not sought a personal knowledgeof them, nor held any communication with them, but,on the other hand, that he has incautiously adoptedthe disparaging language and ideas of their opponentsrespecting them. There is in England, no doubt, alarge class of men and women with whom abolitionismis merely a sentimentalism. But in this country,those who answer to that class repel the name of abolitionist,and speak against the men who bear itmore strongly than against slaveholders. The leadersof the abolitionists (that is to say, Mr. Garrison andhis associates.) have taught, from the very beginning,that slaveholding is a sin—an interference with thephysical, mental, moral, religious and social rightsof human beings—an attempt to transform menand women into things, and to prevent their fulfillingthe duties, and seeking the appropriate developmentof immortal souls; and that the contentment of theslave in his brutish condition, if it were true, wouldbe the strongest proof of the pernicious influence ofthe system, and the weightiest argument against it.Plain and unquestionable as those doctrines may appearto you, the opposition to them has been too intensein the North as well as the South, and the strifein defense of them has been too real and earnest, toallow of the falling of abolitionists into the sentimentalismwhich Mr. Stirling describes. One might aswell speak of sentimentalism among the old Covenantersof Scotland, or the Puritans who landed at Plymouth. abolitionist sin rights things immortal souls if it were true you abolitionists But Mr. Stirling must be acquitted of all blame foranother error into which he has fallen, that, namely,which I have underscored in the above passage fromhis hook. Since he did not put himself in communicationwith the Abolitionists, he could not know orsuspect the fact that Dr. Adams's representation ofhimself as an Abolitionist before he went to the Southis a deliberate and unmitigated lie. He has been,through his whole ministry, a consistently pro-slaveryman, always opposing action and agitation upon thesubject, both in Church and State, always refusingthe requests that have, times innumerable, been madeof him (as of other Boston ministers) that he wouldremember the cause of the slave in general, or theparticular perils of particularly specified slaves, in hisprayers on the Sabbath, and setting his influence decidedlyagainst that of the few anti-slavery peoplewho have ever been members of his church. Dr.Adams is decidedly a long-headed and subtle, ratherthan a 'soft-headed' man. He has made up hismind to support slavery; and, to make that supportmore effective, be deliberately made the false representationthat he had, before going to the South, beendecidedly unfavorable to it, and that he had beenconverted by seeing the administration of Christianslaveholders. Mr. Stirling has condensed the meaningof what Dr. Adams says, into the expression that 'hewent to the South a rabid Abolitionist'—but the Doctorwas too cunning to use that expression; he onlyso described himself as necessarily to convey thatidea, undeterred by the fact that the idea was directlyand absolutely false. meaning only Probably this surprises you. If so, it proves whatI have said, that you have an idea of the extent towhich the attempt to sustain slavery has corruptedthose who are engaged in it. It has proceeded to astill greater length than the above, inducing thewhole government of the Trust Society, (twenty-twopersons, most of them clergymen,) from 'Thomas S.Williams, President,' down to 'William A. Hallock,Secretary,' to set their names, in print, 'o a deliberateviolation of the truth, as follows. Referring to Art.I. of the Tract Society's Constitution, which requires'the circulation of religious tracts calculated to receivethe probation of all evangelical Christians,' they say. extent calculated to receive 'The history of this article confirms its plain andexplicit import, both as to the object—to preach Christcrucified—* * * and as the the means, whetherpertaining to godliness or morality, that they be suchonly as evangelical Christians throughout our countryDO IN FACT unite in approving.' p. 193. the object the means And again: 'To this line of distinction the Publishing Committeemay go, but no farther. It is not for them to decidewhat evangelical Christians ought to agree in,but what they ARE AGREED IN.' P. 197. ought This false statement, so thoroughly refuted in thepaper by Dr. Wayland which I sent you in my last,you may see, if you will, with the signatures of allthe officers, in the 'Thirty-first Annual Report ofthe American Tract Society, presented at New York,May 7th, 1857.' The document in which it occursis headed 'American Tract Society—Circular,' andextends from the 193d page to the 200th. And inthe document following, headed 'American TractSociety—Facts as to Slavery,' this same lie, andanother, are authenticated by the names of 'JohnKnox' and 'William A. Hallock,' as follows: at New York 'In May, 1825, Christians from the Northern andSouthern States united * * * for issuing suchpublications, and such only, whether of vital godlinessor sound morality, as should BE APPROVEDby all evangelical Christians.' pp. 201, 2. 'But has not the Society published, on intemperanceand other evils, what many evangelical Christiansdo not approve? 'IT HAS NOT, so far as we know,' p. 202. This last most false and impudent assertion is madein face of the notorious fact, that the people who areranked as evangelical Christians by the Constitutionand the customary interpretation of the Tract Societyare as much divided, in sentiment and practice, aboutsome of the habits opposed in their tracts, as aboutslavery. For instance, it is plain as daylight thatsome of them practice and defend dancing, and theordinary use of wine and tobacco, against all whichpractices the Society has uttered a decided testimony,in tracts expressly devoted to those subjects. Do youwonder that slaveholders should persist in holdingslaves, when such men as the above say such things asthe above to excuse them? practice and defend I pass to another of the topics of your letter. After speaking of the valuable books recently publishedby Helper, Stirling, and Olmsted. upon theeconomical and financial objections to slavery, youspeak of the practical value of evidence of this sort,and 'wonder that American Abolitionists have notresorted to this, rather than to denunciation and invective.'Upon this there are three things to be said. 1. They have labored, extensively, in this department,showing, very many times in their twenty-sevenyears' campaign, by lectures, newspapers andtracts, the improvidence, wastefulness, unreliableness,and unsatisfactory character in every way, of compulsorylabor. They have preceded, in this field, all thewriters that have since become known to you, takingup every department in which Helper and Olmstedhave since wrought, though not devoting so muchspace to the subject in any single work. The reasonsfor this will appear as I proceed. have 2. This doctrine cannot be made available withslaveholders to the extent you suppose, because it isnot true to the extent you suppose. not true It is true that slavery impoverishes, as well as injuresin many other ways, the country in which it exists.It is also true that the majority of slaveholdersmight be richer without it than with it. But thegreat slaveholders, these who own from one hundredto fifteen hundred slaves, and who make humanityentirely subordinate to profit, are richer with it thanwithout it. Their welfare, in any enlightened estimateof the meaning of that word, is of course unspeakablydiminished by slavery; but if they get thelabor of five hundred men, driving them by the lash,and giving them back no more than they give to oxenand horses—especially if they propagate their suppliesinstead of buying them—why of course theymake money. And if money is all they want, whatis the force of your argument to them? great entirely welfare Will you tell me that slaveholders on this extensivescale are comparatively few in number, a small minorityin the South? I ask, in reply—Do you not yet know that we livein an oligarchy, not a republic? These few greatslaveholders, miserably small minority as they are,rule at their pleasure, not only the whole South, butthe whole country, and rule it for their prosperity, notfor its prosperity, still less for its welfare. Prove tothem as amply as you please that the country is impoverishedby slavery, they are quite indifferent, solong as they are enriched by it. great their its Do you ask again—Why do not the Southern non-slaveholdingwhites, who form the great majority inevery State, vote down the system? I will tell youthis, when you have told me why our own Massachusettsconsents that the political power of slaveholdersshall be increased in direct proportion to the amountof their property in slaves! Why she submitted tothe ignominious expulsion of her agent, the venerableSamuel Hoar, of South Carolina, and to the yet moreinsulting passage of a law by the legislature of thatState, sentencing whatever other agent should be sentfor the same purpose, to the penitentiary for twoyears! And why she has quietly submitted so seeher Senator murdered, with deliberate and maliciouspreparation, by the hands of South Carolina legislators,expressly for his activity in her service? property But your letter suggests (and I admire and honorthe trait which it shows in your character, of immediatelyseeking out a remedy, as fast as evils becomeknown to you,) a direct appeal to the non-slaveholdingpopulation of the South, to teach them their rightsand interests, and to incite them to use their right ofvoting to abolish slavery. This also has been tried,over and over again, and the last effort of this sort—Helper's—had the advantage of being made by oneof themselves, a man born and brought up in a slaveState, perfectly acquainted with every branch of thesubject, and whose ancestors, for a hundred years,have been slaveholders in North Carolina. What ishis success? Just that which has followed every previousattempt. Not a single voice has shoed him. Hecannot now set foot in his native State without beingimmediately hung up, like a mad dog. The newspapersthere, and throughout the South, speak of hisbook only to call it calumnious and contemptible, andany bookseller who should offer it for sale would riskthe loss of all his custom, and the gain of a suit of tarand feathers. Who is to distribute the fly-leaves youspeak of? This sort of appeal to non-slaveholdersagainst slaveholders would no more be permitted thanan appeal to the slaves themselves. Whoever carriedsuch papers would at once be robbed and lynched.And if sent through the post-office, they would bedestroyed by the postmasters, who are all appointedby the President, as he is appointed by the SlavePower. Worst of all, those of the class in questionwho did chance to get your missives would turn uponyou and rend you, for they are the class most corruptedand debased by slavery, except one. Not a single voice has shoed him. he did most 3. But the principal reason why the Abolitionistshave not spent their main strength upon the delineationof slaveholding as an economical and financialevil, is because it primarily appears to them in the aspectof a people; to use their own language, earliest aswell as latest, 'slaveholding is a heinous sin againstGod.' The character, education, and habits of mindof the people who are calumniously called 'infidelAbolitionists,' lead them to regard this as the preeminentand crowning vice of that bundle of view calledslavery.  Its primary characteristics are wickedness,injustice, oppression, which must awaken God's frown,and call down his judgments. Other vices connected with it may be mentioned and dwelt upon, but thesemust always be kept prominent and pursuant.Even if the slaveholders could prove that they, andthe country also, grew richer by slavery, the Abolitionistswould oppose it as much as at present—becauseit is sin, oppression, wickedness'. Lying is afoolish thing, which injures a man's credit, and thusinterfaces with his profits in trade; and probablymot liars would be more influenced by the considerationof the profit lost than of the guilt incurred byit. But for all that, the preacher of righteousnessspeaks of lying first, and primarily, as a sin! and heis right. evil sin, oppression, wickedness'. as a sin A minister of the Gospel, addressing a congregationof impenitent sinners, needs first to produce inthem conviction of sin. before he can profitably go onto enjoin repentance or reformation. To establishthat point in their minds in the indispensable first stepto his success; and however, in a special course ofsermons, or a year's regular preaching, he may wanderfrom that point, or bring in other topics, he mustalways return to that, and keep it a prominent andparamount subject before the minds of his hearers,until that point is gained. The anti-slavery reformerholds precisely the same relation to the sin of slaverythat the preacher of the Gospel does to all sin, andhe must use the same methods; and he must no morebe turned from his position by the sinners' denial oftheir guilt, or their casting opprobrious names uponhimself, than any other missionary, among any otherheathen. conviction of sin. until that point is gained. reformer all But, though the relation of these two preachers totheir audiences is the same, the relation of the audiencesto the speakers, as we see it developed in actuallife, is very different. However grievously the ministerof the Gospel may charge his congregation withsin, even though they neglect to act upon, or profit by,his counsel, they do not usually fly into a passionwith him, or call him calumnious and abusive. Butthe abolition lecturer, who utters only what faithfulnessto God, and the slave, and his own soul, requiresof him, and who proves every statement true as hegoes along, finds himself accused by his audience asif he were worse than the slaveholder, his foundationdoctrine of the sinfulness of slaveholding plumplydenied, and the very facts which he has proved trueby overwhelming evidence called calumnies and falsehoods;and moreover, he finds, the next day, that therespectable people of the neighborhood who did nothear him have unanimously taken up this view ofthe case, and regard him as a auspicious and dangerousperson. sinfulness proved Thus, my dear sir, I find you echoing themcharges which slaveholders and their abettors havemade against the Abolitionists, and asking why theydo not use some other method rather than denunciationand invective; as if it were quite a settled thingthat they did use these in an unwarrantable manner.Of course, I do not undertake to defend every expressionwhich every Abolitionist may have used, inspeaking and writing, for the last quarter of a century.Tastes, modes of thought, and forms of expressiondiffer, and must differ: and to the uncertaintyarising from this cause it must be added that thelanguage of the prominent Abolitionists has been,times without number, grossly misrepresented andcaricatured. But, after twenty years of intimateknowledge of them, I can confidently say that thesubstance of their charges against the supporters anddefenders of slavery is well founded, and the mannerof them judicious; and that both of these can bemade to appear whenever and wherever a fair opportunityis given. These men have had to oppose, inChurch and State, sins as enormous, and sins as powerfuland desperate, as ever Luther was called to contendwith. They have done their duty with just suchboldness as he used. Who now regards it that Luther,in his time, was bespattered with all sorts of vileepithets and calumnious and deep-rooted strength ofthe abuses he assailed. Without such vigorous assaultsas his, they would still have remained to oppressus. The clear light of history shows Lutherunstained by the mud that was cast at him. In likemanner, I confidently predict, will that drop off andbe forgotten which has been flung at WILLIAM LL OYDGARMISON; and when a similar length of interveningtime shall have dispersed the clouds of prejudice andpassion, I believe it will plainly appear that the servicerendered by this now despised man to libertyand religion in the nineteenth century fully equalsthat which was rendered by Luther in the sixteenth. you rather than denunciationand invective us. ILLIAM L OYD ARMISON and religion Your friend and servant for the truth,CHARLES K. WHIPPLE. * Letters from the Slave States, by James Stirling.London; post octavo, pp. 374. * Letters from the Slave States, by James Stirling.London; post octavo, pp. 374. 

 A correspondent of the New York journal of commerce,writing from Norfolk, (Va.) says:— journal of commerce 'I have attended public worship in several churchesof different denominations, being desirous of learningfrom my own observation the state of moral andreligious sentiment in the Old Dominion; and morereverent congregations, and able, earnest and eloquentpreaching, I have seldom heard. I was struckby a passage in an extemporaneous discourse by oneof the clergymen, the most gifted, learned and elevatedof the whole, who, in illustrating the doctrineof depravity, referred to the numerous murders,robberies and riots at the north!—and thisincidentally, and without a thought of sectionalism,or the least feeling of ill-nature. Still, certain orators,preachers and paper at the North point to theSouth as a great Sodom and Gomorrah. So muchfor different stand-points of observation. Though Iam not a 'nigger worshiper,' I am not ashamed tobe a worshiper with negroes, and have attendedseveral of their churches, one of which was crowdedwith a congregation of 700, while some 300 morewere obliged to repair to class-room and lecture roomsbelow. In all truth, the colossal congregationappeared better dressed than the one at St.Paul's, which I attended in the morning, and wasthroughout the service reverent and solemn. At theclose, it was announced that on Thanksgiving Daya contribution would be taken up for the poor membersof the church, Which the preacher hoped wouldbe liberal, as the members of the congregation hadbeen highly prospered the last year! And theyslaves! They paid the greater part of the expenseof building their very respectable brick churches,and also support their ministers, one of whom is arespectable and devoted white man. All of thewhite congregations have Sabbath schools for thenegroes take out their Bibles and hymn-books inthe different parts of the service as regularly as thewhites. Their exhibitions of a simple-hearted pietyare often very touching. A great door is open forevangelizing and elevating the colored race, and thuspreparing them for freedom, and for whom theSouthern Aid Society is doing more good then allthe abolition orators, and preachers, and presses,from the frozen to the torrid zone.' the north THE LEMMON CASE—A WAONG TO BE RIGHTED.—The judgment in the Lemon case finally determinesthe facts, that the property of gentlemen from theSouth is not secure for a single moment within theoperation of the laws of New York. No matterabut the intent. The master may not mean to sojournfor an instant on the soil of the State; hemay be driven into it by stress of circumstances;but if his slave once comes within the grasp of aNew York tip staff, the confiscation of his propertymust propitiate the wrath of a virtuous community.There is no longer any such thing as protection undera common Constitutions, or comity among confederatedstates. From the sublime elevation of hermoral superiority, New York looks down upon Virginiawith horror and contempt. We are piratesand outlaws, whom the pious people of Gotham maydespoil at pleasure. Shall we submit to this reproach?Shall we endure this wrong? Does theaffront admit of no retaliation? Is the property ofcitizens of New York to be safe under the protectionof our laws, after a solemn judgment by the highestjudicial tribunal in New York, that within its jurisdiction,the property of citizens of Virginia may beconfiscated by legal process? Can our Legislaturedevise no means of redress of the grievance, and resentmentof the wrong? We submit the subject totheir consideration.—The South. HE EMMON ASE AONG TO BE IGHTED. The South. ☞Referring to the decision in the Lemon case,the Newberry (S.C.) Rising sun says:— Rising sun 'A beautiful state of affairs! No protection underthe common constitution! The South and herproperty are to be despoiled according to a solemnjudgment by the highest judicial authority in NewYork—while the property of a citizen of New Yorkis to be allowed to be landed, transported hither andthither perfectly safe, under the protection of ourlaws. Is there no way of retaliation? Would itnot be just, right and proper for us to confiscate inturn, as soon as landed on our shores, the propertystate of things always to be borne?' 

 Within the past few years, several of the Frenchpolitical refugees, victims of their Republican opinions,have found their way to this city from Cayenne,whither, after several changes of the place of theirwhom we have seen have been very intelligent andinteresting men, and although evident suffering severelyfrom the weight of their sorrow and misfortunes,have borne up under them with wonderfulfirmness, evincing an earnest disposition to secure anhonest living by their own industry, and an honorablesensitiveness at the idea of being dependent uponmeans of support. Three of them are at present inSalem, having arrived within the past two weeks;and one, Mr. Leon Chautard, a gentleman of intelligenceand ability,—when hopes to procure employmentin teaching the French language, until he can learnsome tidings and receive remittances from France.—has sent to us a communication, narrating the particularsof the escape of himself and his companions.Mr. Chautard escaped from Cayenne, and his twofriends from Devil's Island. The first narrative, hesays, is singular; the second is wonderful; adding—'I send you the relation of these escapes. I knowvery well that they are badly written; but do notforget, Messrs. Auditors, that I am a Frenchman, andhave much difficulty to express my thoughts in theEnglish tongue.' We do not think any apology is necessary, and givehis narrative very nearly as he has written it, withonly a few trifling alterations of the idiom.—SalemRegister. SalemRegister. ☞We have already stated that this highly interactingnarrative has been published in a pamphletscopies of which may be obtained at the Anti-Slaveryoffice, and which Mr. CHAUTARD is now endeavoringto dispose of in Boston, in order to enable him andhis comrades to provide for their necessities, for thetime being. Buy it readily, when presented. This isa case that demands special commiseration and promptassistance on the part of the lovers of freedom. HAUTARD Read the following Card, signed by highly respectedcitizens of Salem:— The undersigned, citizens of Salem, take pleasurein recommending this interesting Narrative of M.LEON CHAUTARD'S imprisonments and sufferings tothe patronage of the public. Mr. Chautars is aFrench exile, who, with two companions, recentlyescaped by ship from the penal colony of Cayanna,and arrived at Salem in utter destitution. Since hisresidence here, he has enlisted the interest and friendshipof many of our citizens. The story of his trialsand hardships (published in part in the Salem Register,and in full in this pamphlet) is deeply interesting,and told with unusual animation and spirit, showingMr. Chautard to be well skilled in the use of languageto which he is almost a stranger. We aresure that all who purchase and read his extraordinarynarrative will not only derive profit therefrom, butwill aid a deserving and self-helping, though at presentunfortunate man. EON HAUTARD'S Salem Register GEORGE CHOATE, EORGE HOATE STEPHEN H. PHILLIPS, TEPHEN HILLIPS C. FACTS, ACTS CHARLES W. UPMAN, HARLES PMAN RICHARD S. RORGERS, ICHARD ORGERS B.H. SUSESS, USESS JAMES H. BATTES, AMES ATTES D.C. HASEELL, ASEELL B.F. BROWER ROWER JOHN H. SILSBEE, OHN ILSBEE ELNASER AUSTIN, LNASER USTIN JOHN CHAPMAN, OHN HAPMAN WILLIAM IVES, ILLIAM VES GEORGE ANDREWS. EORGE NDREWS. Salem, December, 1857. ☞Senator Garlington of South Carolina estimatethe lose contained by the South from the depressionof the market for cotton, in consequence of the latecommercial crisis, at more than $70,000,000. 

 ☞The opening lecture before the Lyceum, onFriday evening, was delivered by Edwin P. Whipple,Esq., of Boston. His subject was, 'Young Men inHistory.' We listened to him for a few moments. After passing in review the young men of the FrenchRevolution of 1794, the lecturer said, if he was calledupon to name his beau ideal of all that is heroicin statesmanship, all that is elevated in patriotism,all that is graceful in oratory, all that is perfect inmanhood, all that is noble in idea and sentiment—he should name—whom do you suppose? WashingtonJefferson? Hamilton? Jackson? Clay?Revolution of 1794, the lecture said, if he was calledupon to name his beau ideal of all that is beforein statesmanship, all that is elevated in patriotism,all that is graceful in oratory, all that is perfect inmanhood, all that is noble in idea and sentiment heshould name—whom do you suppose? Washington?Jefferson? Hamilton? Jackson? Clay?Whether? Benton? Everett?—none of these —butCharles Sumner! This brought down the BlackRepublican side of the house. The applause was acommentary on the propriety of the reference.Having more important business on hand, we deniedcarselves the benefit of listening to the latter part ofthe discourse, the 'young men' in other histories besidesour own would stand a 'right smart chance'of getting injustice done them. This Mr. Whippleevidently estimates character by a different rule fromthat usually applied—adopting the abolition standardas the test of merit. The lecture was generallyregarded as a slim affair, and the lecture himself asa 'poor shot.' But we hope lyceum-goers willnot be discouraged by this failure. Let them takeheart from the adage, that 'a poor beginningmakes a good ending.—Augusta (Me.) Age, December10. beau ideal beau ideal Charles Sumner 

 At the latest accounts from Lecompton, (18th,) theLegislature was still in session. It had passed a billever the unto of the Governor, organizing the terriblemilitia with Gen. Lane as Major General. Ithad formally protected against the Lecompton Constitutionand passed an act submitting the CalhounJanuary, in three forms 1st, Constitution with slavery;2d, Constitution without slavery; 3d, againstthe Constitution. A very stringent election law hadbeen passed, providing against frauds, and authorizingjudges of election, to be appointed by the Governorand Speakers of the House. Provisions had beenmade to have the names of all voters on the 21st takendown by committees at each precinct, so as to counteractand make manifest fraudulent returns. A goodmany Missourians, we regret to say, were passing upthe river, and going over the border, to participate inthe election of the 21st. The trouble at Fort Scott, which is said to have resultedin the death of three men, was a local quarrel,not connected immediately with the election, althoughbetween free State and pro-slavery men. The latterhad sent to Missouri for assistance. A requisitionwas made on the 18th, by Stenton, on Gen. Harney,for two companies of dragoons, who were at once dispatchedto the spot. Gen. Lane also sent off two companiesof free State troops, (territorial militia,) to lookafter the dragons, and see that they did no harm. The report of an attack on Gen. Lane probablygrow out of the shooting of Latham, of which thefollowing account is given: 'DONIPEAN, Dec. 17, 4 P.M. ONIPEAN A company of fifteen armed ruffians, from Atchison,have just left the city, after having murdered inthe public streets, with a shot gun, Mr. Latham, afree State citizen of Doniphan. Those men come inin parties of two, about 1 o'clock this afternoon, and,after consulting together, one of them, named McVeny,shot at Mr. Latham, and morally woundedhim, as he was peacefully walking along the street,unarmed and unsuspecting, near the Doniphan House.The buckshot entered his head and blew out his brains.Mr. Latham instantly fell dead. This outrage occurred so suddenly that no one wasprepared for it, and the murderers escaped. A companyof citizens of Doniphan have started in pursuit.' The Walker Democrats of the Territory had calleda Mass Territorial Convention, to meet on the 24thto endorse his course, and recommend to Congress thepassage of an enabling act. They would undoubtedlyoppose the course of the Administration, as was evidentfrom the tone of the primary meetings. 'BOONVILLE, Dec. 22. OONVILLE Major Russell, the contractor, Capt. Van Vlist ofthe U.S. Army, and George N. Sanders, passeddown the river yesterday, en route for Washington.They left Leavenworth on the 19th. We learn by this arrival that Stanton was still actingas Governor, and apparently with the approbationof his successor, Gen. Denver; that Gen. Harneyhad sent two companied of cavalry, upon Stanton'srequisition to suppress a rebellion at Fort Scott,where several lives had been sacrificed. Gen. Harney had also posted troops at Doniphan,Kickapoo, Lawrence, Lecompton and Leavenworth,but he did not really apprehend any disturbance atthe polls. The legitimate vote will be very small, butas this arrival passed many Missourians going up tovote, which, taken in connection with Stanton's removalmay cause bloodshed at the polls— the nextarrival is looked for with anxiety. A meeting was held at Lecompton, on Fridaylast, at which several thousand free State men assembled,and passed a resolution declaring their intentionto abstain from voting on the 21st inst., and adhereto their former programmed.' 

 By the request of the Synod of the Free Church ofthe Canton Vaud ( Switzerland )—who have spontaneouslycommitted the following document to theircare—the undersigned lay before their follow-Christiansof the United State the Address of the Synodupon the subject of Slavery. And in order that theobject of the Synod may be attained in the publicityof their address, they respectfully request the editorsof newspapers, religious and secular, throughoutthe country, to insert the same in their respectivejournals at an early day. The original document, subscribed by the officersand member of the Synod, is in the possession ofthe undersigned. JOS. P. THOMRSON, OS. HOMRSON STEPMN H. TYNG, TEPMN YNG ASA D. SNITH, SA NITH THOS E. VERMILYN, HOS ERMILYN R.S.S. STORRS JR., TORRS A.D. GILLETTR ILLETTR J.K.ENNADAY. ENNADAY. New York, Dec. 3, 1857 TO THE CHRISTIANS OF THE U.S. OFNORTH AMERICA WHO LABOR FOR THEABOLITION OF SLAVERY: DEARLY BELOVED BRETHREN IN JESUS CHRIST OURLORD,— The Synod of the free Evangelical Churchof the Canton of Vaud in Switzerland, consideringthe institution of slavery to be contrary to the principlesof Christianity, and degrading to those whomaintain it as well as to its victims, feels bound toexpress its deep sympathy for the course you uphold,namely, the emancipation of the slavesthroughout the length and breadth of your greatrepublic. EARLY ELOVED RETHREN ESUS HRIST UR ORD Surely, if it is be sad that slavery should still exiteighteen centuries after the Son of God came intothe world, and angle hailed his advent, singing,'Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace,good-will towards men,' it is most peculiarly painfulfor us to hear that Christians, yes , even churches,lend their concurrence to such a state of things, or,at least, bear it without strenuously laboring for itsremoval. We pray the Lord to open the eye of allmen, but especially of our brethren in Christ, tothe crying injustice of slavery; and we beseech Himto cause to reign in every heart that charity ofwhich he is the very fountain and pattern, and inthe estimation of which there is ' neither Greek norJew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, herbarium,Scythian bond nor free, but Christ in all and in all.'O, when shall the time come when all the tribes ofthe earth shall be reconciled together, and all beings,created after the image of God shall love one anotheras brethren, and that great promise be fulfilled:They shall not heart nor destroy in all my holymountain, for the earth shall be full of the knowledgeof the Lord as the water cover the sea.' Isa.11:9 Meanwhile, we find comfort and hope in thethrough, that a great number of Christians in yourcountry lament this evil, and labor for the abolitionof slavery. We have felt ourselves urgent, dearbrethren, to hold out to you the right hand of fellowship,and to express our heartfelt wished for thesuccess of your noble endeavor Like yourselves, we consider as anti-Christianthat possession of one man by another which degradedto the level of a thing the immortal beingmade after God's image; and like you, we abhorall the evils consequent on this subversion of thefirst element of Christian morals. We consider ascriminal that constant insecurity and frequent raptureof the sacred bond of marriage, which out atthe very root of the divine institution of the family;—lastly, we can not but shedder at the thoughtof all the other, if possible, still institution of slavery. The though of these evils fills our hearts withsorrow and dismay; —with sorrow, because thosesins are committed in a protestant land, wherethere are so many thousand of evangelical churches;and because, being ourselves brethren's sin is, in somedegree, our own;—with dismay, because all thistake place in the midst of a people to whom ourEuropean nation and our reformed churches areaccustomed to look, in many respects, with hopeand admiration. sorrow dismay Dearly beloved brethren, who have began to fightin the holy cause of the abolition of slavery, receivethe heartfelt expression of our Christian affectionand brethren, be of good courage; you labor in a ceaseagreeable to God. Though far away from the scene of conflict, weyet know something of the difficulties which beastyou, from the very gravity of the evil; we knowthe faith, energy, prudence and perseverance youneed to conquer in this good fight. Once more, he of good courage, and may Christ Jesus our Lord, who has given to the world thatnew law—'As ye would that men should do up toyou, do ye also unto them,'—may Christ Jesusstrengthen you for this work of justice and of charity. Pray ,speak,write,act, use every means in conformitywith the Gospel; and if the Christians ofyour own country and of the whole world redoubletheir prayer and their endeavours, the victory mustbe yours. That victory will be complete, and Christianprinciple will be fully triumphant, when freedslaves and free negroes shall be treated every whereas becomes the dignity of a being created after theimage of God, and called into salvation in ChristJesus. Dearly beloved brethren, may your churchesand all their members, in this and every other respect,set an example of that love of our neighborwhich know no respect of persons, and which overthrows every barrier raised by sin between man andman. Dearly beloved brethren, we who take the Christianliberty to address you thus, we are little,we are nothing; but we no that, through faithand prayer , the very weakest may bring help to his spirit ofwisdom, that he may keep you from al sin in yourundertaking, and that he may one day show youHis salvation. Done at Vevey, May 14, 1857. Au Non du Synods: Le President: Ls. BURNIER, (ancient Producer.) URNIER Lee Vice-Presidents: TSOVON (ancient de l'Eglisede Cheseaux,) LS. BRIDEL, Pasteur a Lausanne. SOVON Lee Sectreteries: P. LERESCHE, Pasteur; ANTOINERAYMOND, Pasteur. Sectreteries AYMOND Les Members presents on Synods: (HUBERT MED. C. JORDON LERESCHE, Pasteur,MARGUERAT-GANTY, and seventy-three others.] ORDON 

 ☞A Washington letter-writer says:— 'Kansas will be thrown overboard in the comingmelee; and Southern sentiment will accept the conciliationproject of returning the Lecompton Constitutionto the people for a vote of ratification or rejectionin order to win the North to their support whenCosta Rica and the Americanization of the Isthmus,comes before Congress, as come it will, in January.' 

 The following thrilling sketch of a Slave Auctionwas written by one of the Editors of the Utica (N.Y.)Morning Herald, while on a visit to New Orleans, andpublished some time ago in that paper. Democrats!Christians! this is the way in which human beingsare daily bought and sold in the market! Blush foryour country, and seek to to redeem it! Morning Herald I have just returned from a slave auction. Themore prominent beauties of the 'Institution' areperpetually thrusting themselves upon one, 'will be,nill he.' I as little dreamed, two hours ago, of attendinga 'negro auction,' as I did of taking a tripto the moon. Let me tell you how it came about.I was sauntering along St. Louis street, (in the'French part,') when I observed a crowd of negroes,composed of men, women and children,marching, under the escort of a white man, towardthe St. Louis Hotel. A moment afterward, I observedanother gang going in the same direction,and soon after a third. I had the curiosity to followthem, and as I entered the rotund of the hotelobserved, I should presume, no less than one hundredand fifty negroes, ranged in front of the differentauctioneer's stands. Operations had not yetcommenced. Fresh 'lots' of negroes were constantlycoming in, and the various 'dealers' were makingexaminations of the different 'articles' on exhibition.The immense rotunds— an elegant andmost fashionable affair— was thronged with speculators,buyers, dealers and lookers-on. Some weresmoking their Havanas— some were taking their toddies— some were reading their morning papers— andsome were chattering on politics, the money marketand the weather. The auctioneers were slowlywalking to and fro upon their elevated rostrums,like men who appreciated their importance, occasionallystopping to answer an inquiry from a customer.The laugh— the joke— the stinging repartee— the sunny smile— the cordial greeting of friends— the courteous auctioneers— the elegant hall— theflash of fashion, and the atmosphere of gentilitypervading the gay throng— how unlike the horrorsof my gloomy imaginings! Yet what amazing callousness! The clock strikes 12! A change comes over thespirit of the sense. The batons of the auctioneers,brought down against the solid marble, act with thepotency of magic upon the babbling throng. Fourauctioneers, in four several sections of the Rotunda,hammering away with frightful volubility, and stillmore frightful gesticulation, at four several parcelsof human 'chattels.' These four gentleman areshouting at the top of their voices, alternately inFrench and English, as if, each made a point ofscurrying to drown the voices of the others. But thegentleman on my right seems to carry off the honors,both as respects strength of lungs and rapidityof utterance. I wish, dear reader, you were standingnear me, for I can give you but a very indifferentdaguerreotype of the efforts of this popularstump orator. He is now engaged in hauling uponthe 'block' a feeble negro woman, with a sad andsickly countenance. having placed her in theproper position, with rather more expedition thangentleness, with commendable candor he informs thespectators that 'this girl' (she is aged at least forty)'is always pretending to be sick, and I do nottherefore warrant her.' He sells her, however, at alow figure— some $400— and the next instant, herplace is supplied by a fine-looking, bright-eyedyoung mulatto woman, with an infant, almost perfectlywhite, in her arms. He informs his patronsthat 'this girl is named ANN, aged 22, and freefrom the diseases and vices designated by law;' andproceeds, alternately in French and English, somewhatthus: 'How much for this girl? Quanddonnez me pour catte Exclave? How much do I hearfor this splendid girl? Five hundred—cirque centsseven hundred—six cents. Gentleman, look at thisgirl! Good nurse and seamstress. Do I hear onethousand? One thousand is offered— one thousand—going, going— sold to Cash, one thousand.' Nextis sold, for $1,200, a plantations hand named JIM;then a 'boy,' aged about 50, named TOM, for 1,000;then two 'boys'— mulattoes— first rate coopers, for$1,500 each; then a 'family,' composed of a motherand four children—the latter all mulattoes—for$2,500. Our eloquent friend having disposed of hisentire lot, proceeded, with hardly a moment's interruption,to sell a lot of real estate, &c. batons pretending almost perfectlywhite NN Quanddonnez me pour catte Exclave cirque cents six cents. IM OM The three other gentlemen auctioneers were drivingon an equally flourishing, though not quite sorapid a trade. One of them—a very handsome,youngish-looking man—was devoting himself exclusivelyto the sale of young mulatto women. Onthe block, at the time I approached his stand, wasone of the most beautiful young women I ever saw.She was aged about 16 years, was dressed in a cheapstriped woollen gown, and bare-headed. I couldnot discover a single trace of the African about herfeatures. She was much whiter than the averageof Northern white women; her form was gracefulin the extreme, and she carried in her head a pairof eyes that pierced one through and through. Unlikemany of her fellow-captives, she seemed fullysensible of her degraded condition, and turned awaywith true maiden timidity from the impudent stareof the hand featured throught about her.  Secretiverender! what do you think became of that beautifulgirl? She was struck off for $1,250 to one of themost lecherous looking old brutes I ever set eyes on.God shield the helpless victim of that had bad man'spower—it may be, ere now, that bad man's lost! I couldnot discover a single trace of the African about herfeatures. But I was destined a moment after to witness afar sadder, more heart-rending sense. A noble-lookingmulatto woman was sitting upon a bench,holding in her arms two little children—one an infant,and the other a beautiful bright-eyed little boyof some seven or eight years. Her face wore a troubledand frightened look, as if she was consciousthat some great evil was about to befall her. Whenher turn to be sold came, she ascended the platform,the babe in her arms, and the little boy clinging toher skirts. The auctioneer offered to sell the 'lot'together, but no responsible bids having been made,the mother and little boy were put up separately, andsold to separate parties—the one going to Texas, andthe other to Mississippi. The final separation ofthe mother and child took place a few minutes afterward.I shall never forget the horror and theagency of that parting. The poor frantic motherbegged and implored of 'masser' to 'buy little Jemmietoo,' (and I will do him the justice to say thathe was much moved by her appeals.) and when shefound that her appeals were in vain, she burst forthin the most frantic walls that ever despair gave utteranceto. At last, mother and child were forciblyseparated and hurried off, to see each other no moreon earth. My heart is not adamant, and I enscratedwith more than former ardor a system thatcould ever permit such fiendish atrocities. the mother and little boy were put up separately, andsold to separate parties permit Thus I saw with my own eyes—thus I had thrustupon me, almost—two of the most detestable andhorrible features of the slave system—the sale ofbeautiful young women to lustful male owners, andthe forcible separation of parents from their offspring.These things have been grossly denied by Northernprints and Northern clergy. That they are exceptionalI believe to be true; but that they are toleratedin any civilized or Christian community, is aand commentary upon the humanity of the age. male tolerated And these scenes in the rotunda of the west fashionablehotel in the city! The air is soft and balmy,and the day is as beautiful as ever gladdened theheart of man. The golden sunshine, streamingthrough the crystal dome, bathes the spacious hall ina flood of radiance. Above, around this mart ofhuman souls, a gay and giddy throng are holdingjoyous revelry. The great hotel is thronged withwealth and beauty, and the music of the piano andguitar are blending with the still sweeter music ofglad voices. Above the din of the hot and dustystreet, and above the hoarser din of the mart below,is heard the loud laugh and heartful glee of theapostles of pleasure. Gay equipages are drawingup before the stately pile, and 'fair women andbrave men' are proudly disappearing through itsportals to swell the throng. Within these sumptuoushalls—amid that flash of beauty, fashion andwealthy, whether so many splendors are gathered together—who would dream that under the same broaddome, and in the effulgence of the same golden sunshine—crime, and, sin, and despair were holdinghigh revel? Who would dream that the formerdrew their sustenance from the latter? Well, well; the scene draws its own moral. Lifeis made, up of startling contracts. Splendor andmisery ever side by side. If one wears the crown,some other must wear the cross. Wherever the sunshines, there also creeps the specter shadow. It is,after all, better to suffer the gloom of the shadow,than be without the sunshine. NOTA BENE. The place I have above described,I should have before mentioned, is the scene of'Uncle Tom's. sale after the death of St. Clair.Mrs. Stowe has painted it well and faithfully. w. OTA ENE. 

 General Walker and his whole force have surrenderedto Commodore Paulding of the U.S. navy,Gen. Walker himself has arrived at New York inthe Northern Light, on parole, and the frigate Saratogais on her way to Norfolk with 150 of his men. The following is Commodore Paulding's letter tothe Secretary of the Navy, detailing the circumstancesunder which he arrested Gen. Walker: FLAG-SHIP WABASE,Off Aspinwall, Dec. 15, 1857. LAG HIP ABASE Sir: My letter of the 12th inst. informed the Departmentthat I had broken up the camp of Gen.Walker at Putnam Arenas, disarmed his lawless followers,and sent them to Norfolk in the Saratoga. TheGeneral came here with me, and will take passage inone of the steamers for New York, where he will presenthimself to the Marshal of that district. The Department being possession of all the factsin relation to Gen. Walker's escape with his followersfrom the United States, the letters from Capt. Chatardand Gen. Walker to me, after he landed at PutnaArenas, will, I presume, be fully comprehended. Icould not regard Gen. Walker and his followers insay other light than as outlaws, who had escapedfrom the vigilance of the officers of the Governmentand left our shores for the purpose of rapine and murderand I saw no other way to vindicate the law andredeem the honor of our country, than by the disarmingand sending them home. In doing so, I am sensibleof the responsibility I have incurred and confidentlylook to the Government for my justification.Regarded in its true light, the case appears to me aclear one, and the points few and strong. Walker came to Point Arenas from the UnitedStates having in violation of law, act on foot a militaryorganization to make war upon a people withwhom we are at peace. He landed there with armedmen and munitions of war, in deviance of the guardof a ship of war placed there to prevent his landing.With nothing to show that he acted by authority, heformed a camp— hoisted the Nicaraguan flag— calledit the Headquarters of the Army of Nierague, andsigned himself the Commander in Chief. With thispretension, he claimed the right of a lawful governmentover all persons and things within sight of hisflag. Without right or authority he landed fifty menat the mouth of the River Colorado; seized the Portof Castillo on the San Juan river; captured steamersand the men, and made prisoners of the peaceful inhabitants;sending to the harbor of San Juan del Norte; some thirty or forty men, women and childrenin the steamer Morgan. In doing these things without the show of authoritythey were guilty of rapine and murder, and must beregarded as outlaws and pirates. They can have noclaim to be regarded in any other light Humanity,as well as law, justice and National honor demandedthe dispersion of these lawless men. The remnant ofthe miserable beings who surrendered at Rivas, wereconveyed in this ship last year to New York, andtheir suffering are fresh in the memory of all onboard. Besides the sufferings that must necessarily be inflictedupon an innocent and unoffending people, theselawless followers of Gen. Walker, misguided and deceivedinto a course of crime, would doubtless haveperished in Central America, or their mutilated andteetered bodies would have been brought back to theirfriends at the expense of their country. For the above reason, which appear to my mindsuite sufficient, I have disarmed and sent to theUnited States, Gen. Wm. Walker and his outlawedand piratical followers, for trial, or for whatever actionthe government in their wisdom may think proper topurse. New York, Dec. 28— General Walker to-day surroundedhimself to the custody of Marshal Rynders,who proceed with his prisoner, this evening to Washington,to certain the intentions of the President-wordshim. The last of this evening intimates that a party ofreinforcements for Walker's army left this port on the20th, in the Star of the West. A special correspondent of the Times telegraphsfrom Washington to-day that Secretary Case denouncesthe arrest of Walker as illegal and authorized.Commodore Pan ding's instructions were onlyto prevent the landing of Walker. The Commodorewill doubtless be court-mortified immediately. WASHINGTON, Dec. 29. Gen. Walker arrived thisevening accompanied by Marshal Ryndmas, E.P.Moagher and Maloolsa Compbell. He was receivedwith cheers by a large concourse of people as he enteredhis quarters at Brown's Hotel.' ASHINGTON Walker and Rynders called at the State Departmentthis evening. Gen. Cass said that the ExecutiveDepartments of the Government did not recognizeWalker as a prisoner and that it was only throughthe action of the Judiciary that he could be lawfullyheld to answer any char against him. MarshalRynders then informed Walker that he had no authorityto detain him further, and both withdrew. NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 29. The receipt of the newsof Gen. Walker's capture caused general indignationin this city. The announcement was made at Spaulding&Rogers' Amphitheatre and at the St. Charles Theater, causing great excitement. A meeting topress the feelings of the community is called the 12o'clock to-morrow. EW RLEANS The feeling in favor of the reinforcement of Col.Anderson is intense. MOBILE, Dec. 28.  Great excitement has been occasionedhere by the news of the interference of theGovernment in Nicaraguan affairs. OBILE From the correspondence of the New York Herald! Herald 'The Southern members of Congress are broodingdiscontentedly over the strong sot ion of the Presidentagainst Walker of Nicaragua; and it is a feature ofno slight signification, that the majority of them,while affecting to pronounce themselves good administrationmen, studiously avoid the White House.Does this imply an afterthought of defection? Manyshroud observers of the times think the real dangerof a Democratic disruption does not lie in Walker ofKansas and anti-slavery, but in Walker of Nicaraguaand pro-slavery. 

 A few days since, we met an agent of this Society.He had been canvassing this town with its publications.He was a young man of good appearance,evidently sincere and pious—at least so much as onecould be, and be engaged in the unprofitable businessof defending and propping up the pro-slavery courseof the present managers of the Tract Society. Theextraordinary defence which he set up for the managersis the reason why we make it a subject of comment.He took the ground that they had not violatedthe vote of instructions passed last May, forthe reason that those who passed them 'did notcontemplate any division in the Society'! This wasthe interpretation given by the investigating committee,and if it is good in the case of slavery, it isequally good in relation to polygamy, or any othersin which a portion of the Christian world defendsas a part of their religious existence. Another argumentoffered by their colorteur was, that Chritdid not condemn slavery while on earth! We arenot going to argue this case now, and will merelyask, what would be thought of a man arraigned forsheep-stealing, if he were to set up a defence that itwas not specifically condemned by Christ? contemplate any division in the Society Christian condemn slavery while on earth Now what we wish to get at is, that if the TractSociety have instructed their agents or colporteursto defend not only their own course in suppressingany matter even of Southern origin, which may inthe most distant manner allude to the bare duties ofmasters, but also to set up a sham defence of the essenceof slavery itself, it is more than time thatthose who are supporting this institution shouldknow for what purpose their money is expended.We have become used to almost anything in the lineof slavery-propagandist, but if the Tract Societyare to assume the missionary labor of preaching slaveryin Vermont, it is a new field of operations, tosay the least. But we have no fears, however, ofany influences of this kind. The intelligence of ourpeople is a sufficient barrier. From the colporteur above mentioned, we learnedthat he tarried over night with a 'Baptist Brother'in the west part of this town, and also stopped witha 'Congregational Brother,' neither of whom wouldcontribute for the support of the Tract Society. InHartford, Ct., it has been customary for the differentchurches at this season to make their annualcontributions for the Society. This year it has beenomitted, and it will be considered no small loss whenit is remembered that they have often raised theamount f $3000. A correspondent of the BostonJournal, who sides with the Managers, complainsthat the most conservative men in the interest ofthe Society are taking ground against its action,and taking the same view as that of the Brattleboro'church, that the officers of the Society are the mereagents to carry out the will of their constituents,which they have not done.—Bellows Falls Times. Journal Bellows Falls Times. 

 LATEST FROM INDIA. The fortnight's inter newsfrom India brought by the Persia is very important,though not decisive. The great point of interest isLuck now, not only because General Havelock is thereshut up with his forces and the garrison, but becausethere seem to be a general movement thither on thepart of the mutineers, as if they had chosen that asthe place of taking their final stand. The number ofthe latter, armed Sepoy and retainers, who are nowin and around Lucknow, has been variously estimatedfrom 50,000 to 70,000. In the midst of these isHavelook's force, reduced, any the latest accounts, tonot more than 1400 effective men—so pressed by hungerthat, on the 21st of October, they had to slaughtertheir gun-bullocks, which would suffice for themtill the 10th of November. Relief was said to becertain. In regard to this last important particular,no precise intelligence appears. But even giving Itcomplete credit, the fate of Havelock's forces worldstill remain uncertain. ATEST NDIA. 

 I am now well recovered, and working as usual, andexpect to finish the Abridgment next summer, andthen to add another volume to the two of the ThirtyYears' View, bringing it down to 1866, if I live thatlong: at all events, to the time of the Pierce administration,if we must call by his name as administrationin which he was inoperative, and in which nullifiers,disunionists and renegades used his name and his powerfor their own audacious purposes. Respectfully, THOMAS H. BENTON. There is something referring and instructive inall this, the first and most suggestive of which is,that Col. Benton 'writes himself down an ass.' Heis a humbug, and the country may as well awake tothe conviction now, as to wait for the instructionof his tombstone. No man has breathed more indignationand contempt for the politicians of whomPierce is one, and no man aids more to put themand keep them in power. He denounced the Conventionthat nominated Pierce as a Convention ofgamblers and scoundrels of every kind, and thenaided to put their nominee and tool into the presidentialchair. He and his friends were kicked outand spurned from the National Convention, yet hehumbly kissed the rod that smote him, denouncedand defamed his own son-in-law because he was theRepublican nominee for the Presidency, and used allhis efforts to bringing to power man that now, accordingto his own showing, is full as bad and as objectionableas Pierce. Benton has a great reputationfor sturdy courage and immaculate honesty;yet he evidently has not a particle of courage, andso more honesty. His vanity and ambition havemade him the tool and sport of the nullifiers ofMissouri, as much as Pierce and Buchanan have andare of the nullifiers of the nation. He has shownhis teeth, and growled and saved, but he has givenabundant evidence that he dare not bite, and hencethey keep stirring him up, and laughing at his contortionsand grimaces. Benton is either weak or dishonest.If he does not know that, the offences ofPierce, which he denounces so severely, are the resultof no weakness in Pierce, but only of the influences which nominated and elected him, and which wereequally potent in nominating and electing Buchananfor precisely the same object he is weak. If heknow it, and still sustains those influences andaids their permanence in the Union, he is dishonest.We apprehend he is both. If such men have any influence, it is about timeit came to an end, for it is exerted only to build upthe already overgrown Slave Power.—ClevelandLeader. ClevelandLeader. 

 MRS. FOLLEN'S TWILIGHT STORIES. 2d series. Whitemore,Niles &Hall, Boston. RS. OLLEN'S WILIGHT TORIES. Mrs. Follen's beautiful stories for children are alwayswelcome at the Christmas fireside. Her heartysympathy with the feelings and wants of children,her lore of their sprightly ways, the sincerity whichis apparent in all that is done for them, combine togive her writings for the young a peculiar charm.She has the rare gift of combining amusement withinstruction in such a manner that the one is not profitlessnor the other dull. A more useful and appropriatepresent could not be selected for a child than'Travelers' Stories,' 'What the Animals Say andDo,' 'Conscience,' 'May Morning and New Year'sEve,' 'Picolissima,' or 'Little Songs.'—N.Y. EveningPost. N.Y. EveningPost. 

 we would call the attentions of our readers to thecomposition of the Senate Committees, of which wePublish a list this morning. By that it will be soonthat the six great leading committee all have chairmen,and a majority of their members from theslaveholding States; of seven members on each committee,five of the committee's have two Republicanmembers each, and the sixth has only one. Of thewhole twenty-two committees, the chairman of sixteenof them are from slaveholding States, whilethose of only six are from the free States. They onlycommittees of any political importance that has achairman from a free State, is the Committee onTerritories, of which Stephen A. Douglas in chairmanand he is a large slaveholder, and his interestsare identified with those of the slaveholding States.We need not go farther into particulars. The remainingcommittees are constituted generally withthe same strong Southern aspect, one of them havingevery member from the slaveholding States. Inthis connection, it should be borne in mind that, bythe last census, all majority of their members The white population of the free States is 13,434,784 While that of the salve States is only 6,408,464 and this disparity in numbers has been greatly increasedsince the census.  Such is the depth of thedegradation to which the Northern democracy insunk. It has lost all self-respect, and wears thechains of its Southern task-masters, with more subjectsubmission than do the slaves upon the plantations.Shame on them! How would the blood ofthe old fathers of the republic boil with indignationif they could come back, and see the recurrence oftheir descendants. It is no wonder that these menshould be so ready to fix the chains of the slaveoligarchy on the people of Kansas, when they havenot enough of the spirit of manhood to spurn themfrom their own limbs. The House committee are similarly constituted,though perhaps not quite so badly. Of them, fourteenof the chairmen are from slave States. If apportionedaccording to population, they would havebeen fifteen from the free States, and only sevenfrom the slave States. How earnestly and sincerelyour Democracy decries sectionalism, the people willjudge.—Worcester Spy. sectionalism Worcester Spy. 

 MR. WILLARD'S LECTURE. The third lecture ofthe Union course was delivered last evening, by theRev. John B. Willard, of Still River, Mass. Its subjectwas 'Kingly Men.' The lecture was a very excellentone, betraying the hard student and the earnestthinker. Its logic was subtle, but not too muchso for a good listener. The illustrations were plentiful,but invariably apt and forcible. All in all, thelecture was among the most instructive and usefulto which we have listened for a long time.—Syracuse(N.Y.) Journal, Dec. 4. R. ILLARD'S ECTURE. Syracuse(N.Y.) Journal, Dec. 

 On the 216th page of this otherwise excellent littlebook, the following appears:— 'Be withered the hand that would severOur hallowed confederate tie,Our "Union" be cherished for ever,'   When we remember that this 'hallowed tie'—this 'Union'—hinds us to company of the meanest tyrants that ever saw the sun—fiends in humanform—who violate every principle of right continually,and, what is still worse, do it under the cloakof religion and the 'livery of heaven'; I say, whenwe reflect that this 'Union' binds us with thesepersons in the support of 'the sum of all villainies,'this language does indeed seem infamous. Thatsuch language should be uttered any where, by anyperson, is had enough; but when it is inserted in aselection of Christian' Melodies,' by a body professingto be followers of Christ and Wesley, and opposedto that same 'sum of all villainies,' it is thenthat we see its hideous unprincipled magnitude. Icannot find words to express my abhorrence of suchbase infidelity to the right, by a body of so-calledChristians. all any where any Christian then I call attention to this, because I feel that it is adisgrace to the Church that I nevertheless loveSuppose, Mr. Hosmer, that you should be calledupon to read or sing this laudation of the mostdamnable covenant ever made with wickedness,what would you do? Would you not do as a certainSouthern divine did, sometime since, in Cleveland? Yours, for the slave, I.A. BAIR. Iowa, Nov. 20, 1857 

 ☞The persons advocating the removal of JudgeLoring from the Suffolk Probate Court are busily atwork, preparing to push that matter as soon as theLegislature shall meet. Their petitions are circulating,and some of the newspapers are also agitating.We have little doubt they will carry their point.—Newburyport Herald. Newburyport Herald. 

 A deputation from the British and Foreign Anti-SlaverySociety recently waited upon Lord Clarendon,with a memorial against the slave trade openedby the French Government under the guise of a freelabor movement. Lord Clarendon stated that the Government wasin possession of the fullest information on the subjectof this 'new system' of obtaining labor—onehe did not hesitate to designate as the slave trade,unmitigated and undisguised. The whole question,however had been submitted to the consideration ofthe French Government, which he believed had notforeseen that the result of attempts to obtain immigrantsfrom Africa would be the revival of the slavetrade; and he felt sure nothing was further fromthe wishes or the thought of the Emperors of theFrench than to re-open this execrated traffic, in oppositionto the policy of the leading civilized Powers,and to the well-known national sentiment ofthis country. The evils could scarcely be exaggerated that would arise from the checking of the legitimatecommerce which many parts of the Africancoast had totally  the trade in slaves,and in others was rapidly extinguishing it.  This was a point which bore intimately on the commercialinterests of this country, and to the importanceof which the Government was fully alive.  The deputationwould be encouraged to hear that the attemptsof the French agent to obtain immigrantshad been so unsuccessful that he (Lord Clarendon)thought to might venture to say, even on this account,the speculation would be abandoned, at leastfor the present, and no effort should be spared bythe Government to prevent the renewal of a trafficbetween which the salve trade there was no appreciabledifference.  He assured the deputation ofhis cordial sympathy with the objects of the Anti-SlaverySociety, and his concurrence with the sentimentsset forth in the memorial.  In the House of Lords, on the 11th inst. theEarl of Shaftesbury asked the Earl of Clarendon, Foreign Secretary, if there existed a contract, betweena house in Marseilles and some African chiefs,for the supply of free emigrants to the French colonies;and whether the decree had been ratified bya decree of the Imperial Government; and generally,what was the position of the whole matter. The Earl of Clarendon replied, that he had no reason to believe that a decree had been issued, buthe had go doubt the French Government had enteredinto a contract with a certain house to supplynegroes, on condition that it was to be bona fide afree emigration.  But he asserted that there couldbe no such thing as free emigration from Africa.  It had been tried under the English Government sixteenyears ago, and utterly .   Slave-dealers offeredninety dollars a head, while the French contractorshad only power to give fifty dollars, and there hadbeen a failure of the contract to supply a givennumber. The negroes could only be procured bypurchase, after they had been obtained by the chiefsin wars upon their neighbors.  These wars were ofthe most barbarous character.  Whether the negroesafter being placed on beard ship. understood thequestion, whether they were willing to work in theFrench Colonies, at stated wages, or not, it wasmanifest they had no choice. The effect of thesewars for the purpose of capturing slaves for sale,had been very injurious to regular trade. For instance,the Chief of Abbeskuta had issued a proclamation,that as he was about to miss a large army,trade must be stopped. The Earl read the proclamation,which had been sent home by Mr. Cam bell,Consul at Lagos, who attributes the warlike preparationsin various parts of the country to the stimuluscreated by the operation of the French contractors,M. Regis. The result was to be deeply regretted,as a legitimate trade had sprang up on thosevery regions. The trade in palm oil had increasedfifty per cent., within a few years, and now amountedto $2,000,000 a year. In 1813, the eight powersat the Congress declared against the slave trade,and the French Government, though not a party,expressed an emphatic determination of adherencesto the principle of the agreement. bona fide   The Earl of Derby said the French Governmentwere deceiving themselves, and neglecting the experienceacquired by England, if they did not perceivethat the maintenance of the system, as it nowstood, was identical in substance, if not in form,with the slave trade itself. The Earl of Clarendon made as full a disclosure of the relations of the French Government to thesubject as diplomatic usages admitted of. Earl Gray relied fully upon Her Majesty's governmentnot to allow the matter to sleep. It was oneof the deepest importance, not alone to England,but to the cause of civilization throughout theworld, and he hoped that many days might notelapse before the government of France repudiatedall connection with the movement upon which itwas reported to have embarked. 

 Horrid Murder at Westfield. On Wednesday morninglast, the wife and children of Albert Stube werefound dead, in their house at Westfield. Theirthroats were all cut. Stube is supposed to be themurderer, He has escaped. Horrid Murder at Westfield. 

 A great degree of activity prevails at the presenttime in this infernal traffic on the African coast,not withstanding the efforts of the allied fleet of warvessel to break it up. Several slavers have recentlybeen captures, including some American craft. Ofthe capture of one of the latter, the barque Wm.G. Lewis, hailing from New York, by the UnitedStates sloop-of -war Dale, a correspondent of thePhiladelphia Bulletin gives some interesting particulars.The Lewis, it appears, was suspected by theofficers of the Dale, from the fact of her havingbeen seized in New York before sailing, although sheseemed to be engaged in legitimate trade. Her papersappeared to be correct, and her cargo correspondedto the manifest. She remained an unusuallength of time on the coast, however, at a verysickly locality, with, fact, every man down withfever, and after she had discharged her cargo, a briefexamination determined her character. Says thewriter: Bulletin 'She carried an unusual amount of water casks,which the manifest stated contained salt water forballast. On examination, instead of containingwater, many were stowed full of staves for othercasks, in all, enough cashes to hold 500 slaves acrossthe Atlantic. Then a quantity of iron was found,of a very convenient size to make slave irons of.—Besides these evidences, there was scarcely a man ofher crew who answered his description on the crewlist. A close examination of her log and other papers,that had not been seen-on the first visit, broughtsome very conclusive evidence to light, her 'charterparty' (which contained no seal) provided for herhaving always sufficient cargo for ballast, and forbidher going more than ten miles up any river;thesecasks were called 'ballast' on her manifest, (whichis evidently forged,) and she was found upwards ofthirty miles up the Congo. Them the accounts ofher captain and mate were very contradictory.—Enough evidence was found to condemn a dozen slavers,and I have no doubt, abundance more will leakout on the passage. I think the moral effect of thiscapture will be very great. These fellows have beenvery bold for the last year or so. They bring out acargo to lull suspicion, and the first favorable momentleaves the coast with a cargo of negroes for theWest Indies. Supplied as they are with fast vessels,it is of little use for the kind of ships that are sentout here to give chase. One steamer would do morethan the whole combined squadron to check this infernaltraffic.' cargo The Lewis, it will be remembered was broughtinto Norfolk a few days since, in charge of U.S.officers. The English, it seems, have a peculiar system oftactics for catching American slavers. Says thesame correspondent: 'The English have been very successful in capturingslaves for moths back, but in every instance theprize was taken by a steamer; the most of theircaptures, too, have been American vessels, but takenin a way that would lend one to suppose that theirstupidity had more to do with their efforts than theirphilanthropy. Here is one instance: A few dayssince, an English steamer (the Alicto, I think,)spoke the Clara B. Williams, the latter being underAmerican colors and papers. There was no doubtof her errand at all, but a clause in the Ashburtontreaty forbids the vessels of one nation from interferingwith the vessels of the other; merely theAmerican principle denying the right to search. TheEnglish captain, after looking at her papers, remarked,'Well, you are an American, and I cannotslouch you, but if you keep that flag flying, I'll giveyou a tow a few miles down the coast, and give youup to the Dale,' By becoming a price, or givinghimself up to the English, he would merely lose hisvessel and go ashore, but if he was taken by anAmerican man-of war, he would not only lose hisvessel, but be sent to the United States and tried forpiracy; so the safest decision was to give himselfup to the English. He accordingly hauled downhis flag, threw his papers overboard, and became aprize without colors or papers. This has occurred inseveral instances, and yet there appears to he noremedy. The English are infringing no law orright, but is an unmanly proceeding at best. Wecan claim nothing, for the scamp expatriatedhimself at once, and was no more a pirate. forbids denying the right to search. without colors or papers. These abuses, the writer thinks, should be a subjectof protest. The American slaver. captured, isnot brought to justice. The American squadron isnever present at any of these captures, else therewould be interposition on our side. Our ships areheavy sailing vessels, white the English employ theirsteam vessels of light draft. In the came of the Boston brig 'Charles,' whichhad been repeatedly examined, and passed unmolested,until lades with staves, when borne down uponby a British steamer, and finding escape hopeless,the captain madly ran her ashore, carrying offsome of the slaves, but sacrificing several hundred,who were drowned' A portion only of the slaveswere rescued by the British vessel.  are now on the coastengaged in this traffic the /centre of operations but every river and inlet alongthis extensive coast abounds with its barracoons.  The Cumberland was about to pressed to thatdeadly river, the Congo, but with little prospect ofdoing anything of importance with the fast, light,swift British was steamers, If our government bein earnest, says the writer, its naval brees heremust be reconstituted. We must have fast steamers. THE FRANCES SLAVE TRADE. The N.C. Plcayunespeaking of the progress of the French Governmentalplan, of 'emigrant laborers,' to the colonies ofFrance in the West Indies, says that 'practically,it is an acknowledgment extorted from the experienceof mankind, and the wants and necessities ofcivilization, that the enforced labor of balances inSouthern latitudes is the law of labor which cannotbe dispensed with without discharge all the economiesof production, and checking the comforts andprogress of both races.'(!!) HE RANCES LAVE RADE. 

 ☞The President of the United States, throughSecretary Cass, has sent a magnificent silver trumpetto Capt. W. McLennon, of the British ship Star. nowlying in the port of Charleston, for his gallant andhumane conduct in rescuing the officers and crew ofthe American schooner Northern Light from shipwreck. 

 FLOURISHING CONDITION OF THE AFRICAN SLAVE.TRADE. Notwithstanding the general break downin the financial and commerical affairs of the civilizedworld, we perceive that there is one branch ofbusiness which continues is he most flourishing andprosperous condition. We allude to the profitabletraffic in niggers, between he coast of Africa andthe Island of Cubs. Vessel after vessel arrives atthe 'ever faithful island with two, three, four,five, six, or seven hundred niggers, 'fresh from theand,' and they are lands and run off into the interiorwithout the slightest, difficulty. The Yankeescaptains and traders have pocketed in this way, nodoubt, a sufficient quantity of specie from twelvemonths operations to enable all the banks of NewEngland to resume special payments, if the saidtraders would only invest their money for this objectBut we presume that their slave trade profits areappropriated for new clippers and new ventures for more niggers, and the Southern fire-eaters may makethe most of it. The African slave trade is a Northernmonopoly, excepting a little schooner now andthen from Baltimore; and the Southern fire-eaterscouldn't compete with the Yankees if they were totry, for the Puritans are old hands in the business,and know all the ins and outs of every barracoonalong the African coast. Talk of whale oil! why,one vessel shipped into Cuba with five hundred niggersis worth a dosen whaling voyages.—New YorkHerold. LOURISHING ONDITION FRICAN LAVE. RADE. New YorkHerold. 

 ☞MEMBERS and friends of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society, owing pledges to the Society,which were made at the annual meeting of the Society,in January last, or previously to that time, arerequested to make payment as soon as possible afterJanuary 1st. Payment may be made, or the moneysent, to 21 Cornhlll, Boston, to Samuel Philbrick,Treasurer, or to Samuel May, Jr. 

 The following extract of a letter from the Hon. J.R. GIDDINGS to the editor of the Ashtabula Sentinel,,will be read with peculiar interest. IDDINGS Ashtabula Sentinel, WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. ASHINGTON This is the last session to be held in the old hallof Representatives. To-morrow we occupy the newbuilding, and this will be appropriated to other purposes.I look around upon its majestic columns, itslighted dome, its spacious galleries, its faded tapestry,its gray walls, with emotions of sadness. Theyhave long been familiar to my view. I have becomeattached to them; they seem to have been companionsof my better days. I look at the figure of therecording angel, as he sits upon the clock of time,with pen recording those passing events which willlong live in history after we shall have passed fromour present state of existence. They will tell forgood or for evil on coming generations. There,high elevated above the Speaker's chair, stands thegenius of America, holding forth the scroll whichcontains our past hi8story, of which members takeso little notice. He and the recording angel lookdown upon us with countenance cheered with hopefor the future, rather than with satisfaction in regardto the present. The Speaker's seat, the clerk's table, the mace,the old armed chairs, the writing docks, are dear tome. They have for twenty years been my companions.With them I have spent the best, the mostactive part of my life, and an now pained at theseparation. Here I have spent sleepless nights and anxiousdays. I well recollect the time when, for thirty-oneconsecutive hours, 'the old man eloquent' maintainedhis seat, now near me, during one of thoseconflicts which often marked that period of our history.He has long since passed from those scenesto the peaceful climes of the spirit land. Yet, methinks I see his venerable form, with his pen inhand, watching transpiring events, as in days ofyore. He was the connecting link between the revolutionaryand the present age. With thrilling emotions I call to mind theperiod when he was arraigned by the slave powerbefore the House, for presenting the respectful petitionof his constituents. I now see him in memory,as he stood at the time of his celebrated reply toMarshall, on that memorable occasion. His agedform seemed to rise with his subject; his languagebecame impassioned, and his invectives more andmore terrible, until many cheeks were bathed inscars, reporters laid aside their pens, the vast galleriesseemed filled with inanimate beings, bent forwardin the attitude of endeavoring to catch each syllablethat fell from his lips. A friend now occupies theseat at which he then stood —the seat at which hesat when the angel of death kindly summoned himto happier realms. I helped to bear his lifeless formfrom the hall. We placed him in the Speaker'sroom, where he bade adieu to 'the last of earth.' the last of earth. Several political generations have appeared in thislegislative temple since I first took my seat, madetheir obeisance to mankind, pronounced a few words,and then disappeared. many have gone before meto that unknown land. Some have claimed to higherhonors, and some have disappeared in the mass ofhuman beings who throng the earth. What scenes I have witnessed within these walls!It were perhaps well to draw the veil of obscurityover them. There Garland and Bynum fought. Onmy left, near the door. White and Rathburn cameinto hostile conflict. Opposite to where I sit, Harolsonand Johnson exchanged blows. But timewould fail me were I to describe the re-enactmentsof Wier and Stanley and Bell and others, who figuredin those unworthy affrays. The flourishing of canes,the show of bowie-knives, and cocking of pistols,with the apparent purpose of assassination, all rushupon the recollection as I call to mind thosescenes which marked the early history of the causeof freedom. Here, too, I have witnessed the highest manifestationsof patriotism. I have been enraptured withthe most sublime eloquence, and have laughed to perfectexhaustion under the facetious powers of Corwinand Stark weather, and others But here comesthe message from the Senate, announcing the deathof Senator Bell, of new Hampshire. Anotherfriend is gone. He was my junior in years and inservice here. Hon. Mason W. Tappan has risen topronounce an eulogy upon the deceased. In a fewmoments we shall resolve to go into mourning formy deceased friend. As I place the sad emblemupon my arm, departed scenes and departed friendsmust occupy my thoughts. 

 Donations. Donations. Table  Table  FRANCIS JACKSON, Treasurer. Treasurer. Boston, Dec. 30, 1857. 

 The Mobile Register gives an account of an immensemeeting of the sympathizers with Gen. Walkerwhich was held in that city on the evening ofthe 15th inst., brief mention of which has alreadybeen made. Ex-Gov. Winston presided, and distinguishedcitizens officiated as Vice Presidents. Hon.Percy Walker, says the Register, 'addressed themeeting in a full, concise and triumphant argumentto show that Gen. Walker's entrance into Nicaraguawas lawful—that his residence and promotion therewere lawful—that his abandonment of the countryof his adoption was compulsory, and under the coercionof an officer whose government had given himno such authority—that his recent sojourn in theUnited States was as a guest, and his return a matterof right, with which the government had noauthority to interfere.' He also argued that therewas no violation of our neutrality laws in the factor manner of Walker's return to Nicaragua, andthat any interposition against him by our governmentwas unjust and unwarrantable. Register Register Mr. Walker submitted a long series of pointedresolutions, which were unanimously adopted.—They express great gratification at the recent arrivalof Gen. Walker in Nicaragua. and bail the even asthe forerunner of the Americanization of Nicaragua,securing in the -distant future the control of thegreat highways of trade, strengthening the positionof our country upon this continent, and promisingnew power to the Southern States; declare that theact of overhauling and inspecting the steamer Fashionat Punta Arenas, by the commander of theUnited States sloop-of-war Saratoga, 'was withoutjustification by the laws of nations, and is only lesscensurable than the conduct of Capt. Davis, of theNavy, when he forced Gov. Walker to capitulate tothe Costa Rican forces a few months since: 'thatthe conduct of Capt. Chatard, in claiming to exercisea protectorate over Greytown, and interferingwith the movements of Gen. Walker after he landed,'was without warrant of law, on becoming an Americanofficer, not authorized, we hope, by instructionsfrom his Government, and merits condemnation andcensure;' that the President, by the principles ofhis message and official correspondence on the CentralAmerican question, excluding both Englandand the United States from exercising any dominionover Central America, is bound to prevent the recurrenceof such conduct. The resolutions a cordiallyapprove of the resolutions now pending in the AlabamaLegislature endorsing the 'filibuster' portionthe Cincinnati platform, calling upon thepresent administration to make every proper effortto insure our ascendancy in the Gulf of Mexico, andasserting the right of citizens of the United Statesto emigrate to Nicaragua to aid in the establishmentof a government of liberal principles. Also thatthe President of the United States is bound, bythe resolutions of the National Democratic Convention,and the 'Ostend Circular,' to use all thepowers of the Government to prevent the interferenceof the European nations with the affairsof this continent, and especially to secure Americaninfluence and control on the Isthmus of Nicaragua.'  After the adoption of the resolutions, speecheswere made by Major Howard of Georgia, JudgeMeek, Col. Langsdon and Judge Hopkins, all ofwhom denounced the intervention of CommanderDavis, condemned the interference of the authoritiesat Washington with Gen. Walker's recent returnto Nicaragua, and pronounced the conduct of Capt.Chatard, of the Saratoga, toward Gen. Walker,impertinent, officious and unworthy the character ofan American officer. The utmost enthusiasm prevailedthroughout, Judge Meek declared that PresidentBuchanan had stated during the sojourn ofGen. Walker in this country, that he (the President)regarded Walker as lawfully President of Nicaraguaas he himself was President of the United States.' 

 ☞WORCESTER COUNTY, SOUTH.—TheAnnual Meeting, for choice of Officers and other business,of the Worcester County South Division Anti-SlaverySociety, will be held in WORCESTER, atWashburn Hall, on Sunday, January 3d, 1858, commencingat 10 o'clock, A.M., and continuing throughthe day and evening. Worcester County South Division Anti-SlaverySociety WM. LLOYD GARRISON, PARKER PILLSBURY, STEPHENS. FOSTER, SAMUEL MAY, Jr., and other speakers,are expected to be present. Members of the Societyare requested, and all other persons are invitedto attend. M. LOYD ARRISON ARKER ILLSBURY TEPHEN OSTER AMUEL AY EFFINGHAM L. CAPRON, President. President. 

 Our friends who have not yet paid for the presentyear, will bear in mind our rule, by which theirppapers must be cut off, if payment be not paid beforeFebruary 1st. We hardly need add, that our subscriptionlist needs greatly to be enlarged, and thatmy curtailment of it is most undesirable.—R.F.W. 

 ☞LEWIS FORD, an Agent of the Old ColonyAnti-Slavery Society, will lecture as follows: Table  Table  S. DYER, Sac's. Sac's. 

 To the Honorable Senate and House of Representativesof Massachusetts, in General Court assembled: To the Honorable Senate and House of Representativesof Massachusetts, in General Court assembled The undersigned, citizens of this Common wealth,respectfully represent— That by a law passed May 21, 1885, by the Legislatureof Massachusetts, it was declared— 'No person who holds any office under the laws ofthe United States, which qualifies him to issue anywarrant or other process, or to grant any certificateunder the acts of Congress named in the 9th sectionof this act, or to serve the same shall at the sametime, hold any office of honor, trust or emolument under the laws of this Commonwealth. Your petitioners further represent That in open defiance of this law, and of the voiceof the people of Massachusetts, as expressed (withoutdistinction of party) by the action of two separate Legislaturesfor his removal, but twice rendered inoperativeby Executive non-concurrence, EDWARD GREELEYLORING, while acting as a Commissioner of theUnited States, continues to hold the office of Judgeof Probate for the county of Suffolk; thus setting anexample of contumacy unbecoming a good citizen,and wantonly disregarding the moral convictions ofthe people of this State as pertaining to the enforcementof the odious Fugitive Slave Bill. DWARD REELEY ORING They, therefore, earnestly pray the General Courtagain to recommend to the Governor and Council, theremoval of the said EDWARD GREELEY LORING fromthe office of Judge of Probate; and thus enforce awholesome law of the Commonwealth, which it is hisdeclared purpose to disregard, and thereby vindicatethe sovereignty of the people of this Commonwealth. DWARD REELEY ORING 

 DIED—In Fall River, on the 18th test, MR. MARYANN ALDRICH, wife of Dr. J.M. Aldrich, and daughterof the late Nathan Allen, of Dedham, aged 41years. R. ARY NN LDRICH Mrs. Aldrich was a consistent and faithful Abolitionist,and one whose zeal in the cause of the slaveincreased instead of growing weaker with time. Eventrial of a long, lingering disease, which at last endedher life, did not dampen the warmth of her interest inthis great claim of humanity.  And she was alwaysready to promote every movement that seemed to herto intend the advancement of human happiness andthe diminution of the sum of sin and sorrow. Theintelligence and amiability of her mind and temperwill make her less long felt by these nearest and dearestto her, and by a large circle of attached friends.With every thing about bar to make life desirable,she was yet not reluctant to die, when the last summonscame. Having first eat her house in order, inthe foil contemplation of death, she met her and withan absolute composure and a perfect resignationwhich shed a parting gleam of consolation on thegreat sorrow of her survivors. DIED—In this city, Dec. 14, of consumption, ALEXANDER,youngest son of Langford and Martha Lane,aged 17 years. LEXANDER 

 To-day we commence a New Year, and a NewVolume—the twenty-eighth of the series. To all oursubscribers (some of whom have honored us withtheir subscriptions from the beginning) and friends,we proffer our grateful salutations, wishing them everyblessing-and all imaginable happiness. Wouldthat we could now announce the completion or ourlabors, by the triumphant attainment of the gloriousobject for which we have been so long striving—theemancipation of all who are pining in bondage on oursoil. If there are the frightful number of two millionsof slaves more than existed when we commencedTHE LIBERATOR, and four millions in all, we have therich consolation to know that it is not because we havelowered the standard of justice, or paltered with principle,or failed to rebuke the wickedness of the nationin the plainest manner. A mighty work, however,has been done, and is still going on, and the decisiveissue is rapidly making up between Freedom and Slavery.The Slave Power is apparently stronger thanever, but in reality, it is unquestionably near itsdoom. Its fall will be sudden and irrecoverable.—ONWARD TO VICTORY! HE IBERATOR NWARD TO ICTORY Our subscription list is still very limited. It couldeasily be doubled, if each of our subscribers wouldexert himself at this time to procure one new subscriber,to commence with the year. 

 THE next Term of this Institution will commenceon the first Wednesday in January, 1858, andcontinue fifteen weeks. For Catalogues, containingfurther information, please address HE first Wednesday in January W.S. HAYWOOD, Principle. Principle. ABBIE S. HAYWOOD, Principle. Principle. Hopedale, Milford, Mass., Dec. 4, 1857, 2is 2os 

 The Anti-Slavery Bazaar was brought to a close onSaturday evening last—the receipts amounting toTHREE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS—a morecheering result then was anticipated by the most sanguine,in consequence of the continued and unequalledpecuniary pressure in the land!—still, it is nearly twothousand dollars less than was realized last year, andtherefore to this extent it will affect the operations ofthe American Anti-Slavery Society, (in behalf ofwhich it was exclusively held,) unless assistancecomes from some unexpected quarter. And now, from an overflowing heart; thanks to thegenerous honors, at home and across the deep, throughwhose co-operation and kindness the Bazaar was soliberally provided with rare, beautiful and useful articles!Thanks to all these ladies who presided atthe tabled, find sustained so unflinchingly the fatigueof such a protracted exhibition, leaving nothing undoneto secure the 'material aid' wherewith to carryon the glorious struggle for universal emancipation!Among them were HARRIENT BEECHER STOWE, MARSAWESTON CHAPMAN, LYDIA MARIA CRAID, and ELIZApic constellation. Thanks—thanks to all! ARRIENT EECHER TOWE ARSA ESTON HAPMAN YDIA ARIA RAID LIZA   

 Entrance, No. 33 School Street. THE Subscriber, late with FOWLER, WELLS &Co.,enounces to his friends and the public generally,that he has opened the slave establishment expresslyfor the purpose of giving HE OWLER ELLS Correct Phonological Examinations, with reliable advice in reference to Choice of Occupation,Health, Habits and Diet, Matrimonial Adaptation,Children—their management, Choice of Ralph,Clarks, &c., Self-Improvement in general. reliable advice N 18 tf THOMAS VICKERS. 

 On Monday evening last, we listened with greatpleasure to the introductory lecture of a course to bedelivered on 'THE POETRY OF THE BIBLE,' everyMonday evening till completed, in Chapman Hall, inthis city, by EMANUEL VITALIS SOMERS, but regrettedto see so small an attendance. Mr. soherb is an accomplishedscholar, skilled in Hebrew lore, a profoundthinker, an excellent critic, and capable of the highestappreciation of the sublime and beautiful. He derivesan audience many times larger than can fillChapman Hall. Tickets for sale at the door. HE OETRY OF THE IBLE MANUEL ITALIS OMERS 

 THE ONLY PREPARATIONS THAT HAVE AEUROPAN REPUTATION! ! EUROPAN REPUTATION THE Restorer, used with the Zylobalsamum orDressing, cures discuss of the hair or soalp, andRESTORES GRAY HAIR TO ITS NATURALCOLOR! HE The Zylobalsamum or Dressing alone in the besthair dressing extent for young or old. We take pleasure in presenting the following undeniableproofs that these are the best preparationseither in Europe or America. They contain no deleteriousingredients—do not soil or stain anything. do not soil or stain anything. GREAT BRITAIN. REV. W.B. THORNELO, Prescot, Lancashire,says—'Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorerand Zylobulsapss are perfect maresh. After noingthem six weeks, my extremely gray hair isrestored to its natural color. I am satisfied it isnot a dye.' Prescot, Lancashire, perfect maresh. extremely gray hair is RV. MRS. B.C. ANDRUS, for many yours Missionaryto Hoyti, none of Mortfishwy, N.Y. Theclimate having serious affected her hair and scalpsays, 'I have desired much benefit from the use ofMrs. S.A. Allen's World's Restorer and Zylobalsamum.I have tried various other remediesfor my hair, but never anything that so materiallyand permanently benefited me, as has Mrs. S.A. Allen's.' for many yours Missionaryto Hoyti, none of Mortfishwy, N.Y. so materiallyand permanently benefited me J.H. EATON, Pres. Union Unir., Tonn. 'I haveused Mrs. S.A. Allon's World's Restorerand Zylobalsamum but very irregularly, but, notwithstanding,its influence was distinctly visible.The falling off of hair ceased, and my locks, whichwere quits grey, restored to their original black.' Pres. Union Unir., Tonn. The falling off of hair ceased, and my locks, whichwere quits grey, restored to their original black.' REV. H.V. DEGAN, Ed. 'Guide to Holiness.' Reston,Mass. 'That Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's HairRestorer and Zylobalsamam promotes the growthof the hair where baldness has commenced, wenow have the evidence of our own eyes.' Ed. 'Guide to Holiness.' Reston,Mass. REV. J.A.H. CORNELL, Cor. See. B'd Pdre's N.Y. City. 'I procured Mrs. S.A. Allen's World'sHair Restorative and Zyinbalnmum for a relative.I am happy to say it prevented the falling off of thehair, and restored it, from being gray, to its naturalglossy and beautiful block.' Cor. See. B'd Pdre's N.Y. City. REV. JNO.E. ROBI, Ed. 'Chr. Adv. Bufale,'N.Y. 'Mrs. S.A. Allen's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamumare the best hair preparations I have everknown. They have restored my hair to its originalcolor.' Ed. 'Chr. Adv. Bufale REV. J. WEST, Brooklyn, N.Y.'I am happy tobear testimony to the value and efficacy of Mrs.S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum,and also to acknowledge its curing my graynessand baldness.' Brooklyn, N.Y. its curing my graynessand baldness. REV. GEO. M. SPRATT, Agt. Bop. Penn. Pub. Sec.'We cheerfully recommend Mrs. S.A. Allen'sWorld's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum.' Agt. Bop. Penn. Pub. Sec. REV. J.F. GRISWOLD, Washington, N.H.'Please inform Mrs.—where Mrs. S.A. Allen'sHair Restorer and Zylobalsamum can be hadin Boston. You may say in my name that I knowthey are what they purport to be.' Washington, N.H. REV. D.T. WOOD, Middletown, N.Y. M hairhas greatly thickened. The same is true of motherof my family, whose head we thought would becomealmost bare. Her hair has handsomely thickened,and has a handsome appearance since using Mrs.Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum.' Middletown, N.Y. REV. MOSES THACHER (60 years of age,) Pitcher,N.Y. 'Since using Mrs. S.A. Allen's World'sRestorer and Zyhobalsamum, my hair cones to fall,and is restored to its natural color.  I am satisfied'tis nothing like a dye.' years of age,) Pitcher,N.Y. REV. S.B. MORLEY, Attleboro', Mass. 'The effectof Mrs. S..A. Allen Word's Hair Restorer andZylobalsamum has been to change the 'crown ofglory' belonging to old men, to the original hue ofyouth. The same is true of others of my acquaintance.' Attleboro', Mass. REV. J.P. TUSTIN, Ed. 'South Baptist, ' &c., Charleston,S.C. 'The white hair is becoming obviatedby new and better hair farming, by the use of Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylob.' Ed. 'South Baptist, ' &c., Charleston,S.C. REV. C.A. BUCKBEE, Tidas. An. Bible Union, N.Y. 'I cheerfully add my testimony to that of numerousother friends, to Mrs. S.A. Allen's World'sHair Restorer and Zylobalsamum. The letter Ihave found superior to anything I ever used.' Tidas. An. Bible Union, N.Y. REV. AMOS BLANCHARD, Meriden, Ct. 'Wethink very highly of Mrs. S.A. Allen's World'sHair Restorer and Zylobalsamam.' Meriden, Ct. REV. C.M. KLINKCK,Lewistown, Pa. 'Mrs. S.A.Allon's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamamhas stopped the falling off of my hair, and caused anew growth. Lewistown, Pa. REV. WM. PORTEUS, Stanwich, Ct. 'Mrs. S.A.Allen's Word's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamumhave met my most sanguine expectations in causingmy hiar to grow where it had fallen.' Stanwich, Ct. REV. D. MORRIS, Cross River, N.Y. 'I know ofa great many who have had their hair restored bythe use of Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorerand Zylobalsamum.' Cross River, N.Y. REV. JOS. MCKER, N.Y. City. 'Recommends them.' CKER N.Y. City. REV. E. EVANS, Delhi, O. 'I have used Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer and Zylobalsamum.They have changed my hair to its naturalcolor, and stopped its falling off.' Delhi, O. REV. WM. R. DOWNS, Howard, N.Y.. 'Mrs. S.A. Allen's Hair Dressing has no superior. Itclearance the hair and scalp, removes harshness anddryness, and always produces the softness, silkinessand natural gloss so requisite to the human hair.' Howard, N.Y.. We might quote from others of the numerous letterswe have and are constantly receiving, but we deem theabove sufficient to convince the most skeptical that wehave so least the best preparations in the world for thehair of the young or old. We manufacture no otherpreparations. Occupying the large building, cornerof Baroque and Elizabeth streets, exclusively for office,salerooms and manufacture, we have no time or inclinationto engage in other manufactures. These are the only preparations exported in anyquantity to Europe. We also would call attention to the fact that we havealways avoided all charlatanism. Our proportions arethe highest priced, but the cheapest, because it lasts longer, and does more good: the expense, in the end,less than others. We aspire to have the best, notthe lowest priced. One bottle of Restorer will lastnearly a year. $1.50 per bottle. Balsam, 37 1/2 centsper bottle. has 'Mrs. B.A. Allen' signed in Red Ink to outsidewrappers, ad in Black Ink to directions posted on bottle.Restorer bottles are of dark purple glass, with theworld, Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer, 255Brooms Street, New York, blown on them. The Balsambottles are of grown glass, with Mrs. S.A. Allen'sWorld's Braham, 355 Broome Street, New York, blownon them. Circulars are had bottles copyrighted. Noneother is genuine. Signing the name by others is forgery,and will be prosecuted by us a criminal offence. Red Ink Black Ink Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer, 255Brooms Street, New York, Mrs. S.A. Allen'sWorld's Braham, 355 Broome Street, New York, Some dealers try to soil other preparations on whichthey make more profit, instead of these. Some dealers try to soil other preparations on whichthey make more profit, instead of these. Sold by nearly every drug and fancy goods dealer.Address all letters for information to MRS. S.A. ALLEN'SWorld's Hair Restorer depot,NO. 355 BROOME STREET, N.Y. Dec. 11. 3m 

 Bring out the peals of the Liberty Bell!Let the tones be loud and clear,Till borne on the floating breeze's swell.The weary slave shall hear,And the booming sound of its ringing knellShall reach the oppressor's car—And drown the shout of the auctioneer!       Ring out the peals of the Liberty Bell!Ay, ring the call for the jubileeAfar over land and sea,Till woman's voice shall the chorus swell,And childhood shall clap its hands in glaze,And the echoing chimes come back and tellThat every slave is free!       Springfield, Mass. 

 Give of thy gold, O! man of wealth!Give of thy strength, thou man of health!Stretch forth thy hand, and do thy part,Then who art poor—give thorn thy heart!The slave is groaning in his chains,His blood has cured our hills and plains;Our foes, regardless of his fate,Have basely wrecked the ship of StatsHer mildew's sails droop o'er her sideHer hull is drifting with the tide!Ho! to the helm, some master bold!Each gallant sailor seize his hold!Man every yard! let hope prevail.And to the breeze set every sail!No longer stand aside dismayed.But let your valor be displayed;Shall that low, black, and Mood-stained craft,Which dire tornadoes hither waft,Our strong and ready crew appall!Shall they to Slavery's dictates fall!A manly stand may save us now,A shrinking fear most lay us low.Come from your farms, ye yeomen brave!Come, as your fathers came, to save!The cause of liberty demandsA nobler service at your hands,Old Nature, yielding to your tailThe very incense of her soil.Through every echoing valley round,Cries Freedom from the furrowed groundCome from the workshop and the mart!Tis Liberty-that claims your heart!Not only now the bleeding slave,But hearths and altars rouse to save,—For now, within your very homes,The tyrant with his mandate comes!Ho! to the rescue, sons and sires!—Arouse your strong ancestral fires!Brock lawn, near New Bedford, Sept. 25, 1857.                                       

 To speed the aim all other aims above—The sacred charge my native land to free,Beautiful Frauds, I turned with hops to thus,Land of my friendship, and my children's love!    There good SOUVESTRE made that aim his own;There the true heart to SAINT-HILLAIRE'S allied;And MICHELET'S daughter, in her prime that died;MANIN;—COLLEGNO;—sad ITALIA'S crown. OUVESTRE  AINT ILLAIRE'S  ICHELET'S  ANIN OLLEGNO TALIA'S And ANGERS;—marble-greet, the work sped on;ARAGO, guarding every starry gleam;And saintly MONOD, heaven in every dream:All these were with me—and all these are gone. NGERS  RAGO  ONOD  Afar, in briefest battle-pause, the knellTell for my faithful dead, that loved the cause well.  

 Written after seeing the picture, 'Christian Consolator,'and reprinted from the liberty Bell of 1844. Savior! Consoler! in Thy presence bending,Lo, what a tram of mourners round Thee wait!What earnest prayers from breaking hearts ascending.Thy blessed help and comfort invocate!Great as their sorrow, in Thy mercy great!The youthful mother, weeping for her child—The murderer, haunted by remorse, too lata—The maniac, tortured by his fancies slave,The chief, the fettered wad forsaken slave,Among this crowd of sufferers claims a place!Stronger than all that claim on Him who gaveHis life a ransoms for the human race.When see, as mourners, on Thy mercy callMay we, like thee, have loved and pitted all!              

 The Christus Consolatory, of Ary Schaffer, and the Frontispieceof the American Episcopal Book of Commonprayer. Borne down by many wrongs upon the tideOf my life's pilgrimage, I entered whereA mighty priesthood worshiped side by side,A stately temple, filled with praise and prayerTo them, beholding, did my heart repair:Bless and console me!' in my grief I cried.They coldly asked me 'if my face were fair!By wealth and greatness soothly-glorified?'And each a shining volume opened wideBefore my vision; and the page doth bear.Their God and Savior, for mankind that died—Their Great REDERMAD—but no slave is there!Down, devil in disguise!' I cried; 'thou liest,Thou curse of Christendoms, the syrant's Christ!'            EDERMAD but no slave is there   

 I die, my France. I died all tells me so:Mother adored, adieu! thy sacred name,Be it the last word that my lips shall frame.Has ever Frenchman loved these more? Oh, no!Ere I could read, I sung thee; and now toe,While Death above my head suspends his dartSinging thee still, my feeble breathings part;To so much love vouchsafe a tear: Adiou!        In-impious triumph, when ten kings had drivenTheir chariots o'er thy prostrate form, I madeLint from their scarf to dress thy wounds, and laidMy bales upon them! but, b grace of Heaven,A fruitfulness from out thy ruin grew;Time, as it goes, shall still do good to thee;Thy thoughts are sown through earth! EquallyShall reap the harvest in the end: Alien!        Here, crouched within my tomb, I shall recline;All give thy aid who had my love!Thu ow'st the boon, O Franon, to that poor doveWhich never plundered any field of thine,Making this prayer to all my children true,Eve while the call of Heaven comes down to me,I have kept up awhile my tomb-stone; see,My arm grows weary, and it sinks: Adiou!        

 And now, Philanthropy! thy rays divineBart round the globe, from Zembla to the line;From realm to realm, with cross or crescent crowned,Where're mankind and miser are found,O'er burning sends, deep waves, or wilds of snow,Thy Howard journeying seeks the house of woe.      

 MY DEAR FRIEND: Y EAR RIEND More than four weeks ago, I came to the 'WaterCure' in this place, hoping to recruit my health.which has been felling since last spring. I am somuch improved by the repose I have enjoyed here,and the 'treatment' I have received, that I expect toreturn home and resume my duties next week, or theweek after. Owing to my absence from Syracuse, I had not received,until yesterday, a copy of my 'Memoir of CyrusPierce,' nor the entire manuscript of the same,both of which were sent me by Mr. Bernard early inNovember. In justice to Mr. Pierce and to myself, I hasten toand you a copy of one of the paragraphs, which, Iam very sorry, Mr. Barnard saw fit to omit, in orderto bring ay article within the space that could be allowedto it, in his 'Quarterly Journal of Education'for this month. It should have bean printed afterthe paragraph on the 25th page, in which mention ismade of Mr. Peiros's return to Nantucket in 1842. 'Not many weeks after he went into retirement,Mr. Peirce was called upon to act a very public andresponsible part a another department of philanthropicenterprise. In the fall of 1842, the people ofMassachusetts were suddenly thrown into a high excitementby an attempt, made by the agent of a slaveholder,sided by certain officials of the General Government,to get possession of the person of one GeorgeLatimer, an inhabitant of Boston, but claimed as propertyby a man in one of our Southern States. Thisappearance, in their very midst, of the ruthless handof tyranny, was more than the people of the Old BayState, at that time, could tolerate. The public indignationburst into a flame that spread rapidly. The determinationwas openly avowed that the proposedoutrage should not be committed, either with orwithout the forms of law. Partly owing to this excitementof the people, and partly to some legal deficiencyin the proof offered by the claimant, Latimerwas released by order of Court. But the seal of thepeople in the cause of human rights was not quenchedby his acquittal. Meetings were held in Boston andits vicinity, and in many other ports of the Commonwealth.A petition to Congress was prepared, prayingfor the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbiaand the Territories, and for the interdiction ofthe slave trade between the several States. It washeaded by the name of George Latimer, and calledthe 'Latimer Petition.' It was signed by more thanfifty thousand of the adult citizens of Massachusetts.A highly respectable Committee was appointed tobear it on to Washington, and put it into the hands ofthe Nestor of Congress— John Quincy Adams—to beby him presented. Rev. Cyrus Peirce was one ofthat Committee. For reasons which were never madeknown, or are now forgotten, all the other members ofthat Committee failed to discharge the duty assignedthem. When, therefore, at the time agreed upon. Mr.Peine came to Boston, on the way to Washington, hefound that it was left for him alone to carry that protestagainst slavery into the very den of the pro-slaverylions. Nothing daunted by this increased demandupon his self-reliance and courage, he set off at oncefor the seat of government, having the sole charge ofthe huge document. It was nearly half a mile long,wound upon a reel, and of course made a package ofportentous dimensions. On arriving at the capitalcity, he went to Willard's Hotel, and deposited hisprecious load in the bar-room, where it remained twoeights and a day, while he was making arrangementswith Mr. Adams for the removal of it to his desk inthe House of Representatives. fifty thousand 'We have no room here for any sketch of the proceedingshad upon the appearance of that mammothpetition in front of the indomitable Hero of Quincy.Suffice it now to say, that it required a calm courage,kindred to that which was always so illustrious inMr. Adams, to face, as Mr. Peirce did, the malignantsneers, the abusive language, the threats of personalviolence, which were so rife that day upon the floorof Congress. Yet he returned from his mission seeminglyunconscious that he had been exposed to danger.' If you please, my dear friend, you may publishthe above a THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. Yours, very truly,SAMUEL J. MAY. 

 FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON By your leave, I purpose to offer to the readers ofTHE LIBERATOR a few thoughts suggested by thethree articles, mainly on the subject of Spiritualism,touching its relation to anti-slavery, to be found onthe fourth page of THE LIBERATOR of last week. HE IBERATOR HE IBERATOR It seems to be assumed throughout those articles,that Spiritualism is to be held responsible far all thevagaries and short-comings that may be traced to thedoom of any and all who claim to be called by itsname. This, it seems to me, is quite unjust; for, untilSpiritualism takes the form of an organization,(which may Heaven forbid!) after the manner of theprominent sects of Christendom, endorsing, like them,the character of every member it retains, holding overall the rod of its discipline, it cannot justly be heldaccountable for the moral delinquencies of its adherents,unless it can be fairly shown that faith in orknowledge of, the fact that the spirits of the departedcan and do communicate with mortals, necessarytends to such results. If such is its tendency, ourfriends who wrote the articles have not made it appear;while at the same time, the only force containedin most of their strictures rests on that assumption. It does not avail to show that some a even manyslaveholders are Spiritualists. They have many naturalwants, feelings, desires, appetites and sentiments,in common with the truest Abolitionist. Some kindfriend who appreciated the efforts (may that appreciationnever be less!) of yourself and those associatedwith you in preparing the weekly feast contained inTHE LIBERATOR sent to your office, some twelvemonths since, a barrel of nice apples—(may the kindnessbe oft repeated!) I doubt not you all enjoyedthe treat.  Nor do I doubt that both donor and recipientswere blest in the deed. Is it not probablethat the editors and printers connected with theCharleston Mercury would have enjoyed a like presentfrom a friend? Most surely. But what wouldsuch a fact do towards proving that the use of applesnecessarily tends to strengthen slavery? or that becausesuch things are relished equally well in bothextremes of our abhorred and fast crumbling Union,therefore THE LIBERATOR and the Mercury are exactlyon the same moral level—and, moreover, accountable for each other's faults? HE IBERATOR Mercury HE IBERATOR Mercury But it is said and I doubt not with truth, thatmany Spiritualists are 'Buchanan Democrats.'—Steeped in and thoroughly saturated with all conceivableiniquity as that party is, (now happily beginningto show signs of being crushed under the weight ofin own corruption.) it might be doubted if a solutioncontaining the concentrated essence of all truth, faithfully,applied, could in less time than an age cleanseit so that it should have the appearance of decency.To expect the members of that body, the heart ofwhich has seemed indurated, nay, fossilized in filth,to manifest any perceptible betterment of their moralcondition by the application of the best remedial agentin the universe in a less time than a quarter of a century,would be preposterous in the extreme.  It maybe that some of us Abolitionists have not always hadthat patience which true philosophy requires, when smarting under the lash of slavery, as we have triedto remember those in bonds as bound with them.The force we wish in moral force—nothing less thaneternal truth, the needs of which are oftimes long ingarnishing. To expect to see the germ shoot forthas soon as the seed is sown would not be rational;much less could we expect to reap an immediate harvest. The heaven hid in the measure of meal produces noperceptible result on the instant; but in process oftime, the whole will be leavened.  Instantaneous conversion,however orthodox it may be in certain quarters,in theory, is not, it seems to me, very often, if atall, a practical fact; all the instances of it that haveoccurred would, I opine, if the truth, could be known,be traced back through a chain of causes more or lessremote. So we cannot always safely judge of thegoodness or moral efficiency of a given instrumentality,by its immediate perceptible results. Proofs that Spiritualism has wrought most salutarychanges in many individuals is not wanting. I will,however, refer to but one case as an example—that ofThomas G. Foster, formerly of Kentucky. He hasspoken many times within the last six months inBoston. On one occasion, while speaking there, notlong since, he said that 'Spiritualism found him withthe oppressors of the slave, and had made him an advocateof universal liberty.' I doubt not that there are multitudes of BuchananDemocrats who are Spiritualists. We ought not toblame them for beginning to feel an interest in thegreat question of immorality, now that their prospectsfor this world begin to look rather equally. Norshould Spiritualism be condemned therefore. Viciouseyes look with interest upon, and feel a delight in, theglories and substantial blessings of the 'orb thatmakes our day'; but is it well or wise to think worseof them on that account? or to condemn the sun'simpartial beneficence? or refuse to accept its blessingsourselves, because we must share them with those wedeem less worthy? The terrible abortion that stalks forth and staggersthrough our land with the name of 'Democracy' onits front, was born of harlotry, baptized in blood, cradledin pollution, nursed at the breast of the 'sum ofall villainies,' received its education in a house of ill-fame,and attained its adult strength on 'broth ofabominable things.' Such being its history, it couldnot be any thing but a monster. But monster althoughit be, it belongs to the human family, andmay transformed; and if it begins to look with favoron as instrumentality that has done is doinggood, in mercy's name, do not let us do or say aughtto avert its gaze. If in your opinion the foregoing is calculated in anymeasure to further our common cause, publish it. Ifnot, make of it 'a whole burnt-offering.' E.W. TWING. Springfield, Dec. 21, 1857. 

 UPTON, Dec. 12. 1857. PTON FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON 'Pigmies are Pigmies still, though perched on Alps.'Methinks, could Young have been a resident of Uptonfor the last few years, the above line would havebeen revised, and run thus—'Pigmies are Pigmiesstill, though perched in pulpits.' We supposed, severalyears since, when we called upon the Rev. Mr.Warren, to obtain his pulpit far DANIEL FOSTER, inwhich to preach as Anti-Slavery Gospel, and it wasrefused because he did not believe in the plenary inspirationof the Bible, and on leaving were followedby him to the door, from the door to the gate, fromthe gate to the street, and hence a part of the distanceto our homes, anxiously trying to prove, in hischop-logic manner, that he was as good, if not a littlebetter Abolitionist than any body, that we had foundthe 'lowest deep' of sectarian exclusiveness whichUpton was capable of producing. But as disappointmentis the common lot of men, so, of course, wemust receive our share. Here to the latest exhibitionof clerical bigotry:—Mr. J. McFarland hasrecently left the earthly tabernacle, and as he was oneof the first and most active temperance men we had,a public meeting was called, and it was resolved tohave a public funeral. A committee of arrangementswas chosen, and authorized to take all necessary stepsfor the funeral. The family gave up all the arrangementsto the committee, only insisting that the Rev.Mr. Ball (our Unitarian minister) should participatein the services. As the deceased was 'orthodox,' theRev. Mr. Willard would be the chief officiating clergyman;but it was the request of the friends, and theexpectation of the public that Mr. Ball would takepart in the exercises. He desired to do so, as hethought very highly of the deceased, had been intimatelyacquainted with him, and a co-worker in thetemperance cause for quite a number of years. Theexpenses of the funeral were to be borne by the public;both denominations, and all citizens, were invitedto attend. ANIEL OSTER On the evening previous to the funeral, Mr. Willardwent to Mr. Ball, and stated, that after a great deal ofthought, meditation, and searching of the Scriptures,he had come to the conclusion that he could not conscientiouslyadmit him into his pulpit on the morrow;that either he would perform the services alone, orMr. Ball might. Mr. Ball very much desired tospeak, but of course could not, under the circumstances,resist such a Christian (?) and gentlemanly(?) appeal, and was therefore at the funeral a morelooker-on. The Sunday following, the friends of the deceased,and a part of the public, attended Mr. Ball's church,and heard that sympathy and Christian love expressedwhich were not manufactured for the occasion, butare a part of the man, and which find their expressionnot only in words, but in noble, generous, andChristian deeds. Let me emote a passage or two from one of the bestChristians, and probably the greatest Christian writerand philosopher of modern times, Dr. Dick:— 'A sectarian spirit has infused jealousies, fannedthe flame of animosity and discord, set friends, brethrenand families at variance, and shattered even civilcommunities into factions and parties. It has kindledcontentions and heart-burnings, produced envyings,animosities, and hatred of brethren, burst asunderthe strongest ties of natural affection, and has ledprofessed Christians to violate the plainest dictates ofhumanity and of natural justice. It has excited afeverish seal for the peculiarities of a sectary, whilethe distinguishing features of Christianity have otherbeen overlooked or trampled under foot. . . . .Such are some of the evils which a sectarian spirithas produced in the Christian Church. It is almostneedless to say, that they do not originate in the geniusof the Gospel, which is directly opposed to sucha spirit, but in the corrupt of human nature, andthe perversion of true religion. They have their risein ignorance—in ignorance both of the revelations ofthe Bible, considered as one whole, and of thosetruths of history, philosophy, and general science,which have a tendency to liberalize and to enlargethe capacity of the human mind. This ignorancenaturally leads to self-conceit, and an obstinate attachmentto preconceived opinions and party prejudices,to attaching an undue importance to certainsubordinate and favorite opinions, and overlookingthe grand essentials of the Christian scheme; andthus prevents the mind from expanding its views; andtaking a luminous and comprehensive survey of thegeneral blessings and distinguishing features of thereligion of the Bible. And we know by experience,that man may contend zealously for what are consideredorthodox doctrines, and yet be destitute of thepractical requirements.' ignorance self-conceit Compare the spirit of this extract with that exhibitedby Mr. Willard, and behold the difference!  Butwe hope that those who have felt to concurs him forthis act will come to the charitable conclusion, withDr. Dick, that 'it has its rise in ignorance, both ofthe revelations of the Bible, considered as one whole,and of those truths of history, philosophy and generalscience, which have a tendency to liberalize and toenlarge the capacity of the human mind.' Mr. Warren refused his pulpit to anti-slavery lecturers,and why should not Mr. Willard to Unitarianclergyment?  'Pigmies are pigmies still,' H. 

 [Deduced from on Original Cast of his Head.] Deduced from on Original Cast of his Head. BY L.N. FOWLER. 'The physiological organization of Avrom Burrwas distinguished for very fine texture and a greatdegree of susceptibility, intensity, and ardor, causedby a predominance of the nervous temperament,with a very active condition of the arterial system.In fact, all the organs and functions of his constitutionwere remarkably active, and the circulationmust have been unusually quick and free. 'There was not so much of the bony and muscularsystem as to be an impediment to his activity,yet there was a sufficient degree of the motive temperamentto give strength and tenacity of organization.He was of small size, and well proportioned,but the brain was large for the body; hence he wascharacterized by mental, rather than physical ability.Such was the harmony between the functionsof the body as to indicate unusual health, vivacity,and power to endure without premature exhaustion.His temperament was more peculiarly that of a woman,joined to the mental qualities of the masculine. 'His Phonological developments were markedand peculiar, and gave him a strong individuality ofcharacter. His head was of rather large size, andfully developed in most parts. The hair, at thetime of his death, being almost gone, left his headnearly bare, so that the cast taken after death indicatesthe real development of the organs, and therebyaffords a most valuable study. 'His intellectual development shows that all theperceptive organs are prominent; which, with histemperament and susceptibility, gave him an unusualdegree of observation, accuracy of perception,ability to accumulate knowledge, and capacity tobring his powers to bear directly upon the subjectin hand, or object he wished to effect. He had a wonderfulmemory of every thing he saw, of places, faces,and proportions. His mechanical eye must have beenremarkably correct, which, joined to Locality, Individuality,and Weight, gave him case and grace ofmotion, extraordinary powers as a marksman, andgood judgment of the qualities and conditions of things.His memory of events, sense of order and arrangement,perception of colors, ability in figures, andlove of music, were comparatively good. His senseof Wit was decidedly prominent, and he had uncommonpower to use his mirthful emotions, in appreciatingthe ridiculous, or wielding the weapons ofsatire appropriately and readily. 'The reasoning organs were rather large, butsomewhat inferior to the perceptions. The strengthof the reasoning faculties was made to appear conspicuous,in consequence of his clearness of perception,sharpness of analysis, facility of expression,policy of arrangement, and power to illuminate hisown side of a subject, and to magnetize his hearersinto an acceptance of his opinions and an adherenceto his cause. The intellectual faculties, as a whole,gave him superior influence over other men, not onlyin consequence of the great activity of his mind,but the peculiar power he had to use his knowledgeand talents to advantage. His Language was large,which enabled him to communicate his ideas, andtell what he knew. He was copious and pertinentin speech, full and free in his powers to explain, anddecidedly easy and off-hand as an orator. Thisquality, connected with his ready memory, power ofanalysis, and fervor of mind, gave him great influenceover others in conversation. He had an eye ofpeculiar brilliancy and fascination, and when, fromunder his finely arched, perceptive brow, he benthis burning gaze upon a person, his words seemed likepotential oracles, and gave him peculiar power overthose whom he wished to sway. 'His executive faculties were all strong. Hishead being decidedly broad about the ears, gave himan unusual degree of force, resolution, energy,spirit, and courage, amounting at times to audacity,and a feeling of intense severity when excited. HisAlimentiveness appears to have been only average indevelopment, which, if not perverted, would haveallowed him to live a sober and temperate life. Acquisitivenessnot being specially large, he was doubtlessgenerous, liberal, and free in the use of money,caring for it more to expend than to lay up. Secretivenesswas large, which imparted tact, powerof concealment, and ability to manage, and led toadroitness, and even cunning and duplicity; butCaptiousness not being large, he was liable to be indiscreetand impulsive, and when acting on the spurof the moment, and in a state of excitement, hewould be rash and impetuous. He could plot well,but could not execute safely. His acts may havebeen done in secret, but so done that they wouldultimately be exposed. 'His moral brain was, in some respect, strong,and in others weak. His head, as a whole, washigh, but contracted on the top. He had a full developmentof Benevolence, which gave him sympathyand generosity of feeling; and this benevolence,in the absence of influential Acquisitiveness, wouldlead him to be decidedly generous-hearted in the useof money. He was urbane, kind, and ready to renderservice. His Veneration was large, which musthave had power to check his passions, and lead him tobe mindful of superiors, and also serve to give him arespectful and deferential address. His sense of nobilityand aristocracy, and consciousness of superiorpower, was a prominent feature of his mind.—Through the influence of Veneration, he could appeardevotional, and thus inspire confidence in others,and lead them to trust to his honesty. He hadvery large Firmness, which gave him unusual determinationof mind and disposition to carry out hisdesires and purposes, and which, connected with hisDestructiveness, rendered him unusually efficientand vigorous in resisting opposition from others,and in overcoming obstacles. He had a good degreeof Imitation, which, with his Benevolence, enabledhim to adapt himself to others, and thus renderhimself easy and agreeable. 'Spirituality appears to have been very weak,which left his mind without much regard for suchfeatures of religion as depend on faith; hence hewas skeptical, and a doubter. His Hope appearsto have been large, giving enterprise, sanguine,speculative, and venturesome feelings, and a desireto engage in business of a hypothetical, prospective,and promising nature. He was not easily discouraged,but always confident of success. His Conscientiousnesswas moderate, and not strong enoughto have a regulating influence on his mind. Thisfaculty and Cautiousness, both being inferior, lefthis feelings without balancing-power; hence, whilehe lacked honesty, he had neither prudence nor circumspection —had not the restraining influence ofthe sense of danger nor of punishment. His impulseswere developed at pleasure, and the variousfaculties gratified as they clamored for action.—Whatever faculty was most excited for the time being,awayed his mind as a whole; thus, the acts ofhis life were contradictory, and his character didnot harmonize with itself. Had these two facultiesof prudence and honesty been more prominent, hewould have been able so to regulate his conduct asto have made almost an entire change in his wholelife and character. 'The crown of his head was very high, showinglarge Self-esteem and Approbativences, indicatingpride, dignity, consciousness of self-importance, ambition,desire to please, and to gain distinction andfame. Such a mind, connected with such ambition,could not be contented in private life, nor bear to berepulsed, put down, or superseded by others; forsuch pride, joined with such sensitiveness, produces acharacter which is easily wounded. He had a greatdiscernment of character, and power to read thespirit and tone of another person's mind. He wasexceedingly winning in his manners, through hispoliteness, ambition, self-complacency, blandness ofmanner, respectfulness of demeanor, and ready, availableintellect, connected with that personaladdress and luster of eye which few men possessed. 'He had large Continuity, which gave power toapply the mind to one subject, and to think closelyand connectedly; and he was much indebted to thispersistency of mind for his success in scholarship,in his profession, and in politics. 'His social brain was unevenly developed, andshould have been a peculiar point in his character,and given eccentricity to the affections. He lackedlocal attachment; was naturally inclined to travel,and loved the variety and excitement which nowplaces and scenes presented. He had not consistentand permanent love, nor was he uniformly interestedin children, as such; and though sons would excitehis ambition, a beautiful daughter would awakenfar more affection. He had but little Adhesiveness;was not a permanent friend, and could not be reliedupon in this respect. He may have been ardent andsincere for the time being, but change of scene andsociety would equally affect his attachments, unlessthey were fortified by other considerations. His attachmentswere more extended and influenced by ambitionthan confiding and domestic in their character. 'His Amativeness was very large and very sharplydeveloped in the head, indicating great intensity,power, and activity. This must have been one ofthe leading features of his character. The relationshipbetween his mind and woman; the power heexerted over her, and the intense passion he manifestedfor her, are in strict harmony with his organization.The love-passion was inordinate, which,connected with his other peculiar qualities, musthave given him a winning power and captivatinginfluence over women seldom equaled. With his veryhigh tone of organization, he was not so likely tobecome vulgar and gross in this feeling so as to yieldto the lower forms of its gratification, as would oneof a coarser organization with the same developmentof Amativeness. He would always be the gentleman,and seek associates among the cultivated andrefined. With the exception of the excess of thisfaculty, and that of Destructiveness, and the weaknessof Conscientiousness and Cautiousness, his organizationwas comparatively unexceptionable; and,but for these defects, he might have been one of themost brilliant characters that ever figured in thepages of American history. Seldom do we find somuch executiveness, ambition, manliness, strengthof purpose, intuition of mind, natural eloquence,polite address, and ability completely to magnetizeand captivate others, as his organization indicates.' 

 At my home, in the country, was an old well;once its water was so clear and sparkling that itrefreshed soul and body to drink it. Many a thirstypilgrim had gathered new strength and spiritsfrom its living spring. This was the true character of its water, but anold pump, which must have been originally of someimperfect wood, so injured the nature and taste ofthe water, that, though we could not help having asort of natural affection for the old pump, our wholefamily came to the conclusion that it was better forthe general health and safety that it should be takenup, and a nice wooden bucket put in its place, sothat we might all enjoy the pleasure and security ofdrinking pure healthful water, just as mother earthgives it to her children, in its crystal beauty andfreshness, from the bottom of the well. This decision did not please our neighbors, whowere in the habit of coming to the well for water.They said that the pump saved them a great deal oftrouble; that it did not hurt the water much; thetaste was very slight, and did not injure anybody;that all water had a slight taste, and they did notsee that any one was the worse for it; that pumpswere thought well of by every one. In short, theyadded, if we took it up, we should never have anything so good in its place, and they seriously doubtedwhether we could get the water at all withoutthe pump. 'But, said my eldest brother, Moses, 'the oldpump is rotten, and so the water is hurtful.' 'All pumps get rotten after a while,' said one man. 'It isn't all rotten,' said another. 'I tell you what,' said an old woman, who hadbeen filling her bucket while this controversy wenton, 'the smartest and the best man in all our village,and that was your grandpa, Master Mosesput down that 'ere pump when I was a gal, andthat's going on seventy years ago. And I tell younow, if you take it up, the water will all dry away,and you'll use his face in the bottom of the well, seeif you don't' One day, soon after, a number of the villagers assembledaround the old pump, in solemn conclave,to discuss the question of its removal. BrotherMoses went out and joined them. Some of themlooked very angrily at him; no one spoke a civilword to him. One very red-faced man, in particular,seemed full of spite towards him. 'I say,' said he, 'you Moses, if you are such amadman as to go to taking up that 'ere pump,you'll get the worst on't before you're done; thatgood old pump, that's stood there ever since Iknowed anything. It would be a good thing to putyou under its nose a little while, and see if thatwouldn't cool your hot head a little. Why, theold pump has more sense in it than you and yourwhole family, with your new-fangled notions. Thenext thing you'll go to doing will be to try to setfolks agin all pumps, and what shall we come tothen? Did n't the same man that wrote that beautifullife of Gineral Pierce, write down the history ofan old pump? He could respect pumps, if youcan't. He knew what they were worth.' Another man, after examining the pump carefully,said, in a more respectful tone, 'Don't youthink, friend Moses, if we were to put a new handleand a new nose to the old pump, and have it cleaneda little, it would answer very well? and I amsure open wells are dangerous.' Brother Moses quietly heard them both, and simplyreplied, 'I believe, friends, you are both engagedin different branches of the pump-makingbusiness, so you are prejudiced.' While they were all talking together, the ministercame along. 'Let's ask Dr. Treadwell what hethinks.' said two or three of the villagers. The minister listened to the question, but seemedunwilling to make any reply. At last he said, 'Doyou know what Deacon Poor thinks?' 'O, he'sagin moving it.' 'And what says Deacon Little?''O, he's agin all open wells.' 'I should like,' said Dr. Treadwell, 'to know whatSquire Toploft thinks.' 'Why, he's got three pumps of his own; thatshows what he thinks,' cried the red-faced man. 'These men,' said Dr. Treadwell, 'must knowbetter than I about such things; I should think thepump had better remain where it is.' 'But,' said brother Moses, 'the pump is rotten,and the water is poisonous.' 'My good friend,' said the minister, 'our fathersknew what they were about when they put downpumps. They are, in fact, now a time-honored institution;I cannot, therefore, believe that they arehurtful to the water. To take up one might be adangerous precedent. And you see how the agitationof this question has set all the villagers againstyou; they talk of nothing else. Is it not wiser andsafer to let the pump remain just as your grandfatherplaced it? However, this is not a question forme to decide.' 'Do you not know,' said brother Moses, 'that rottenwood poisons the water?' 'That is a question that does not belong to mycalling to answer,' replied Dr. Treadwell. 'I wishyou all well; good evening; my blessing attendyou.' And he passed on. The villagers, of course, claimed Dr. Treadwellas on their side, and redoubled their threats and insolentadvice. Brother Moses gave no bead to either.'As I am a living man,' said he, 'I'll haul up thisold rotten pump, and we'll have pure water to drink." No one would lend him a derrick; so, poor as hewas, he had to buy one. Ere long, I saw Mosesclimb down the icy cold well, and fasten the chainround the old rotten pump. And now he and hisneighbors began to pull the ropes. The rotten thinghad so settled down into the clay, that it did notseem to move a hair's breadth. Again brotherMoses descends the well; he winds another chainaround the pump, and adjusts anew the firstone. Now he comes up again, his face all in aglow with hope and confidence, and seines the ropewith new courage. O, he is a brave fellow; seehow he strains every nerve, and throws all his forceinto his arms; and now hear him singing out at thetop of his voice, 'Say you will, boys; say you will!' Slowly, very slowly, I saw the old pump move;but it did move, while Moses and his companionsstill sang the heart-cheering song, 'Say you will,boys; say you will!' At last, the old rotten pump was lifted up, andlaid on the ground, and, soon after, it was sawedup and put away for fire-wood. And now a prettybut strong railing is put round the well, and awheel and nice iron-bound wooden bucket brings usup pure water from the open well, in which we cansee the blue sky by day, and the stars by night.The villagers are reconciled, for they are refreshedby its sparkling waters. The minister says nothing,but I think he wishes he had advised it. A pretty drinking vessel, suspended at the well,invites the wayfarer to stop and drink, and he goeson his way, blessing the invigorating drought. In there not a truth for us lying at the bottom ofthis old well? Is not the vital spring of our politicallife poisoned by rotten political machinery? Isit not the selfish interest of truckling politicians,the timidity of an unfaithful clergy, the servility ofso-called law-and-order men, that stand in the wayof a reform of these abuses? And have we not abrother Moses, who has said they shall be removed?Has he not, out of his own brave heart, and at hisown cost, set a great moral derrick at work? andshall we not take hold with him? And, thoughthe heavy burden does not move, let us not despair,but rather put out new energy, and with fresh courageand a stronger resolution, join in his inspiringsong, 'Say you will, boys; say you will!' NOVEL ATTACHMENT. One of those singular casesof attachment which we occasionally hear of betweenanimals of the most dissimilar natures, exists betweena pig belonging to Mr. John Grover of Salem,and a half-grown cat. The Register says:— OVEL TTACHMENT. Register Shortly after purchasing the pig and placing himin his new quarters, a kitten, less than two weeksold, belonging to a litter living in the loft above thesty, accidentally fell into the porker's premises. Thepig, instead of eating the puny intruder, as most ofhis relatives would have done, secured pleased withher company, and showed her every attention consistentwith his hoggish nature. How she was sustainedduring the first few weeks, when she neededa mother's care, no one knows; but kitty soonmade herself at home, and was always to be foundstretched upon the pig's back, or, more often, inwhat appears to be her favorite place, on one top ofhis had between his ears, when he lies at rest. Hrises with great care, so as not to displace her; whenhe walks about, she sits quite at her case upon hisback; and, when he takes his food, she walks slowlydown his nose to the tub, ad cats with him,sharing, as it would appear, his 'bed and board.'He seems to take pleasure in caressing her with hissnout, and when she gets in his way, gently removesher with the same hoggish member. He appears towatch over her with a jealous care, attacking anyone who may enter the sty to molest her. The caseis as well authenticated as it is remarkable. 

 Are particularly adopted toderangements of the digestiveapparatus, and disease arisingfrom impurity of theblood. A large part of all thecomplaints that affect mankindoriginate in one of these,and consequently these PILLSare found to cure many varietiesof disease. Subjected are the statements from some eminent physicians,of their effects in their praction. S AMILY NYSIC. From Dr. B.W. Cartwright, of New Orleans. Dr. B.W. Cartwright, of New Orleans. "Your PILLS are the prince of purgon. Their excellentqualities suppose any emphatic we possess. They are mild,but very certain and effectual in their action on the bowels,which makes them in valuable to us in the daily treatmentof disease." FOR JAUNDICE AND ALL LIVER CMPLAINTS. OR AUNDICE IVER MPLAINTS. From Dr. Theodore Bell, of New York City. From Dr. Theodore Bell, of New York City. "Not only are your PILLS admirably adopted to theirpurpose as an aporient, but I find their beneficial effectsupon the Liver very marked indeed. They have in mypractice proved more effectual for the cure of bilious complaintsthan any one remedy I can mention. I sincerelyrejoice that we have at length a purgative which is worthythe confidence of the perfection and the people." bilious complaints DYSPEPSIA—INDIGESTION. YSPEPSIA NDIGESTION. From Dr. Henry J. Knon, of St. Louis. From Dr. Henry J. Knon, of St. Louis. "The PILLS you were kind enough to send me have beenall used in my practice, and have satisfied me that they aretruly an extraordinary medicine. So peculiarly are theyadopted to the diseases of the human system, that they seemto work upon them alone. I have cured some cases of dyspepsiaand indigestion with them, which had resisted theother remedies we commonly use. In deed I have experimentallyfound them to be effectual in almost all the compliancefor with you recommend them." dyspepsia indigestion DYSENTERY—DIARRNCA—RELAX. YSENTERY IARRNCA ELAX. From Dr. J.G. Green, of Chicago. From Dr. J.G. Green, of Chicago. "Your PILLS have had a long trial in my practices, and Ihold them in esteem as one of the best aperients I have overfound. Their alternative effect upon the liver makes theman excellent remedy, when given in small doses, for behavedysentery and diarrhea. Their sugar-coating makes themvery acceptable and convenient for the use of women andchildren." behavedysentery diarrhea. INTERNAL OBSTRUCTION—WORKS—SUPPRESSION. NTERNAL BSTRUCTION ORKS UPPRESSION. From Mrs. E. Stuart, who practices as a Physician and Midwifein Boston. "I find one or two large doses of your PILLS taken at theproper time, are excellent promotive of the natural secretionwhen wholly or partially suppressed, and also very effectualto cleanse the stomach and expel worms. Thy areso much the best physic we have that I recommend no otherto my patients." ILLS CONSTIPATION—CONSTIVENESS. ONSTIPATION ONSTIVENESS. From Dr. J.P. Vaughn, Montreal, Canada. "Too much cannot be said of your PILLS for the cure ofcostiveness. If others of our fraternity have found themas efficacious as I have, they should join me in proclaimingit for the benefit of the multitudes who suffer from thatcomplaint, which, although had enough in himself, is the progenitorof others, that are worse I believe costiveness tooriginate in the liver, but your PILLS affect that organ andcure the disease." ILLS costiveness. costiveness ILLS IMPURITIES OF THE BLOOD—SCROPULA—ERYSIPELAS—SALT RHRUM—TETTER—TUMONS—RHEUMATISM—GOVT—NEURALGIA. MPURITIES LOOD CROPULA RYSIPELAS ALT HRUM ETTER UMONS HEUMATISM OVT EURALGIA. From Dr. Essential Hall, Philadelphia. From Dr. Essential Hall, Philadelphia. "You were right, Doctor, in saying that your PILLS purifythe blood. They do that. I have used them of late years inmy practice, and agree with your statements of their efficacy.They stimulate the escritoires, and carry off the impuritiesthat stagnate in the blood, engendering disease. Theystimulate the organs of digestion, and infuse vitality andvigor into the system. ILLS purify "Such remedies as you prepare are a national benefit, andyou deserve great credit for them." FOR HEADACHE—SICK HRADACNS—FOUL STOMACH—PILES—DROPSY—PLETMORA—PARAYSIS—FITS—&c. OR EADACHE ICK RADACNS OUL TOMACH ILES ROPSY LETMORA ARAYSIS ITS From Dr. Edward Boyd, Baltimore. From Dr. Edward Boyd, Baltimore. "DEAR DR. AYER: I cannot answer you what complaintsI have cured with your PILLS better than to say all that weover treat with a perfective machines. I please great dependanceon an effectual cathartic in my daily contest with diseaseand believing as I do that your PILLS afford us the bestwe have, I of course value them highly." EAR R. YER ILLS all that weover treat with a perfective machines. ILLS ☞Most of the Pills in market contain Mercury, which,although a valuable remedy in skillful hands, in dangerousin a public pill, from the dreadful consequence that frequentlyfellow its incautious use. These contain no mercury or mineral substance whatever. Has long been manufactured b a practical chemist, andevery once of it under his own eye, with invariable accuracyand care. It is sealed and protected by law from counterfeits,and consequently can be relied on as genuine,without adulteration. It supplies the sunset remedy theworld has over known for the cure of all pulmonary complaints;for COUGRES, COLDS, HOARSENESS, ASTENA, GROUP,WEOOPINS COUGH, BRONCHIPIS, INCIPIENT CONSUMPTION, andfor the relief of consumptive patients in advanced stages ofthe disease. As time makes these facts wider and betterknown, this medicine has gradually become the best relianceof the affected, from the log cabin of the Americanpresent to the palaces of European kings. Throughoutthis entire country, in every state and city, and indeed almostevery hamlet it contains, CHERRY PRACTORAL is knownas the best of all remedies for diseases of the throat andlungs. In many foreign countries it is extensively used bytheir most intelligent physicians. If there is nay dependenceon what men of every station certify it has done forthem; if we can trust our own senses when we see the dangerousaffections of the lungs yield to it; if we ca dependon the assurance of intelligent physician, whose businessis to know; in short, if there is any reliance upon anything, then is it irrefutably proven that this medicine doescure the class of diseases it is designed for, beyond any andall other remedies known to mankind. Nothing but its intrinsicvirtues, and the unmistakable benefit conferred onthousand of sufferers, could originate and maintain thereputations it enjoys. While many inferior remedies havebeen thrust upon the community, have failed, and beendiscarded, this has gained friends by every trial, conferredbenefits on the afflicted they can never forget, and producedcares too numerous and remarkable to be forgotten. OUGRES OLDS OARSENESS STENA ROUP EOOPINS OUGH RONCHIPIS NCIPIENT ONSUMPTION HERRY RACTORAL Prepared by Dr. J.C. AYER,PRACTICAL AND ANALYTICAL CHEMIST,LOWELL, MASS. AND SOLD BY AND SOLD BY THEODORE METCALF &CC.,Boston; Boston BREWER, STEVENS &CUSHING,Boston; Boston BROWN &PRICE, Salem; Salem H.H. HAY, Portland; Portland J.N. MORTON &CO., Coned, N.H.: Coned, N.H. And by Druggists and Dealers in Medicine everywhere. 6m October 9. 

 IS rapidly rising in favor, and a competent teacherof this art will supply a long-felt want. Miss. H.G. GUNDERSON, Teacher to the Mercantile Academy,No. 11 Mercantile Building, Summer street,offers her services in this department to Colleges,Academics, Schools, professional gentlemen, ladies,and all who wish to acquire a correct style of readingand speaking. S Miss G. has permission to refer to the followinggentleman:— G.P. THAYER, Esq., late Principal of the CountyHall School. HAYER AMOS BAKER, Esq., Principal of Chapman HallSchool. MOS AKER Rev. J.W. OLMSTEAD, Editor of the Watchmanand Reflector. LMSTEAD Rev. C.F. BARNARD, Warren St. Chapel. ARNARD Prof. H.B. HACKETT, Newton Theological Seminary. ACKETT Prof. ALVAN HOVEY, " " " LVAN OVEY Rev. O.S. STEARNS, Newton Centre. TEARNS Rev. J. NEWTON BROWN, D.D., Philadelphia. EWTON ROWN Rev. L.F. BERCHER, D.D., Principal of SartogaFemale Seminary. ERCHER Boston, May 1, 1857. 1y. 

 MADAM BANNISTER (formerly Madam (ARTEAUX)would inform her kind and liberal patronsand the public, that she has removed to 322Washington st., and 20 West st.' where will be foundher Restorative, the most celebrated in the world, asit prevents hair from turning gray, and produces nowin all diseases of the scalp. She stands second tonone in Hair-Dyeing and Champooing. ADAM Ladies waited on at their residences, either in orout of town. Hair dressed in the latest style. She can refer tothe first people in the cities of Boston, Providence,Worcester, and elsewhere. Come and try for yourselves. tf October 20. 

