 TENPERANCE. The friends of temperance in Jefferson,Ohio, lately held a meeting to consider whatshould be done to stop the sale of intoxicating drinksin that place. A committee of gentlemen and ladieswas appointment, with the venerable Joshua R. Giddingsat its head, to wait on all those engaged in the traffic,and to endeavor to persuade them to comply with thelaw. The efforts of the committee proved successful;the dealers surrendered their stock of liquors on beingpaid therefor, at the same time agreeing to sell nomore, and the fiery liquids were spilled in the street. ENPERANCE. 

 Our readers have been duly and fully advised of thealarming state of things on our Southeastern border.The terrible storm has been brewing for several months.The Central Advents has often been arrested and suppressedby officious postmasters, and other hirelingsof oppression. Our ministers and members have beennarrowly watched by Vigilance Committees and proslaveryspice in general. At the late session of theArkanons Conference, hold in Texas, a mob wasgathered, and set upon Bishop Janie and the worshipingcongregation on the Sabbath day. Of this shamefulaffair, and those who figured prominently in it, afull account is in our paper. Since the adjournment,the storm-cloud has thickened. The most violentmeasures are being adopted against our preachers andpeople, in conformity with the advice of the TexasAdvocate, for their extirpation from the States. Ourpoor brethren are hunted down like beats of theforest. They are threatened with death if they dareto preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ under the suspicesof the Methodist Episcopal Church. A numberof our preachers have been compelled to five for theirlives. Others remain, endeavoring to keep the littleflock together, but go on with their very lives in theirhands. Central Advents TexasAdvocate The Rev. Wm. Butt, presiding elder of Texas District,is on route for his field of labor, but a terrible receptionseems to await him. A friend, writing us,says: 'Father Rowley has gene to his circuit, but itis doubtful whether he ever returns to his familyagain; for as the bloodhounds howl for the blood ofthe fugitive lave, even so do these funds of oppressionthirst for his blood! What a spectacle ishere. An aged minister of our Lord Jesus Christ, ofunblamable life, who has served for a number of yearsas presiding older in Missouri, Arkanass and Taxas,who served as representative in the last General Conference,and who, for many years, has proclaimed theunsearchable riches of Christ upon the frontier, thathe is to be hunted down and murdered without theslightest provocation, except that of being a ministerof the Methodist Episcopal Church on slave territory.—Central (St. Louis) Christian Advocate. route Central St. Louis Christian Advocate. 

 ☞ TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ☞ Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST-PAID) to the General Agent. ☞ Advertisements making less than one square insertedthree times for 75 cents — one square for $1.00. ☞ The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societiesare authorised to receive subscriptions for THELIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentleman constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of thedebts of the paper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, EDMUNDQUINCY, SAMUEL PHILBRICK, and WENDELLPHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON DMUND UINCY AMUEL HILBRICK ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 ☞ Somebody asks the editor of the Hyannis Messengerif the clergy of Hyannis and Cape Cod, generally,have 'spoken out' on the kidnapping case. Heintimates that he has not heard any thunder of thatsort. We do not think it belongs to the clergy thisway to say much about the matter; but how the Hyannispulpits can be silent, when the Saviour whomthey adore is crucified afresh in the person of blackColumbus, under their very noses, passes our comprehension,on any other hypothesis than that theypreach mainly for—salaries.—Provincetown Banner. Messenger Provincetown Banner. The Barnstable Organ of Oppression takes the ministersunder its protection, and tells them not to preachagainst kidnapping on the Cape. When the ministersreally want the approval of that tool of the slave-power,it will be time indeed, for all of us, to getdown on our narrow-bones, and shout, 'To yourtents! O, Israel!;—Ibid. Ibid. 

 The United States Constitution in 'a covenant withdeath, and an agreement with hell.' ☞'The free States are the guardians and essentialsupports of slavery. We are the jailers and constablesof the institution. . . . There is same excusefor communities, when, under a generous impulse,they espouse the cause of the oppressed in other States,and by force restore their rights; but they are withoutcourse in aiding other States in binding on men anunrighteous yoke. On this subject, OUR FATHERS, INFRAMING THE CONSTITUTION, SWERVED FROM THERIGHT. We their children, at the end of half a centurysee the path of duty more closely than they,and must walk in it. To this point the public mindhas long been tending, and the time has come for lookingat it fully, dispassionately, and with manly andChristian resolution. . . . No blessing of the Unioncan be a compensation for taking part in the enslavingof our fellow-creatures; nor ought this bond to beperpetuated, if experience shall demonstrate that itcan only continue through our participation in wrongdoing. To this conviction the free States are tending.'— WILLIAM ELLERY CHANRINE. they are withoutcourse in aiding other States in binding on men anunrighteous yoke. ONSTITUTION must walk in it. ILLIAM LLERY HANRINE. 

 ☞ A terrible accident occurred Monday night onthe Michigan Southern Railroad. Thirty lives werelost, and fifty or sixty are reported wounded. Theaccident was caused by the washing away of a culvert,and the consequent throwing of the train fromthe track. The scene is spoken of as intensely horrible.Among the names reported, we find of NewEngland people the name of Charles Scherman, ofBoston, wounded; R.A. Gurlay of Addition, Vt.,not injured. We notice only these two names fromNew England. ☞ Hon. George Hood, of Lyan, died of apoplexy,in Worcester, Monday evening last. He was a Democrat,and was once run as candidate for LieutenantGovernor. He was for several years a member of theHouse of Representatives, and of the Senate fromEssex county. After the establishment of Lyan as acity, he was elected Mayer, but has of late entirelywithdrawn from political life. DEATH OF PETER YORK, THE STATE PERSON CONVICT.The notorious Peter York, confined in theState Prison on a life sentence, for the murder ofJames Norton at the corner of Richmond and North(then Ann) streets, Boston, was found dead in hiscell in the old prison on Saturday morning. His feetwere crossed, and his hands lay on hi breast; hiscountenance was strangely life-like, and everythingabout the whole body indicated a transition from lifeto death without a struggle. York was sent to theState Prison, March 12, 1845. EATH OF ETER ORK, THE TATE ERSON ONVICT. ☞ Ex-Senator James of Rhode Island has gone toSt. Petersburg, to exhibit a patent gun, the destructivecapabilities of which he desires the Russian governmentto have the benefit of, without unnecessarydelay! Jenny Lind recently gave a charity concert in London,which was not advertised, and only the aristocracywere admitted by special invitation. The receiptswere $6,000. She was in full health, and sang withall her old power. Nathaniel Ray Greene, the last surviving son ofMajor General Greene, of the revolution, died on hisresidence in Middletown, Conn., last Saturday, aged70 years. The Philadelphia Inquirer says:—'RambrandtPaule and Thomas Sully, the eminent Philadelphiaartists, are engaged in painting each other's portrait.Mr. Joseph Harrison, a wealthy and liberal gentlemanof this city, originated this enterprise, and hascommissioned each of the venerable artists to do thisservice for the other. Mr. Paule has recently enteredupon his 82d year, and this mouth Mr. Sally willbe 76.' Philadelphia Inquirer The Mobile Tribune confirms the report that a cargoof slave were recently landed on the Florida coast,and says that some of the barbarians are not now farfrom Mobile. The Mobile Tribune Among the many respectvies which nature hassupplied to relieve the afflictions of humanity, there isno more favoirte one for a certain class of diseasesthan the 'medical gum' of the Wild Cherry Tree;but however valuable it in, its power to heal, to soothe,to relieves, and to cure, is enhanced ten fold by scientificand judicious combination with other ingredients,in shameless of equal worth. This happy minglingexists in that 'Combination and a form indeed' Of medicine known as Dr. Wistar's Balsam of Wild Cherry,Whose value in curing Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis,Whooping Cough, Croup, Asthma, Pulnanary Affection,and Incipient Coasumption, is inestimable. Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis,Whooping Cough, Croup, Asthma, Pulnanary Affection,and Incipient Coasumption, is inestimable. BOSTON, April 18, 1852.No. 48, Union St. OSTON MR. BURN W. FSWLE.—Dear Sir.—Your invaluablemedicine, I can truly say, has literally snatchedme from the grave. Last July I was attacked with asudden Cold, which resulted in a very severe Cough,with violent Pains in the Side and Chest. I becameso much reduced, that my friends frankly told methat I must die. At this crisis, I heard of Wistar'sBalsam of Wild Cherry, and immediately sent for abottle. The effect produced was indeed wonderful.My physician, one of the most respectable in Boston.who had previously told me that a sure was hopeless,came in, and I informed him what I had taken, Examinedthe Balsom, and advised use to continue theuse of it, since which time I have continued to improvedaily; and the same physician who had givenme up, told me, a few days since, that I might yetlive many years. R. URN SWLE. Dear Sir. Wistar'sBalsam of Wild Cherry Respectfully, MARY ROWE. We can cheerfully testify to the truth of the abovestatement, Mrs. Rowe having bee an inmate of ourfamily. WILLIAM DENNETT. MARTHA DENNETT. None genuine union signal I. BUTTE, on thewrapper. Prepared by S.W. Pewla &Ca. Boston, and forsale by dealers in medicine in nearly every town in theUntied States and Canadas. 

 The following eloquent extract, from the AnnualReport of the Executive Committee of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, deserves the widest circulationthrough the press:— To Chief Justice Tancy belongs the bad eminencehaving elaborately falsified history, misconstruedlaw, and outraged justice and humanity, throughmore than twenty pages of his extended opinions, inthe vain attempt to prove that colored persons arenot, never were, and never could be, citizens of theUnited States; that when the Union was formed,and 'for more than a century before,' they 'hadbeen regarded as unfit to associate with the whiterace, either in social or political relations, and so farinterior, that they had no rights which the whiteman was bound to respect; that the negro mightjustly and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his benefit,that this opinion was, at that time, fixed anduniversal in the civilized portion of the white race,was regarded as an axiom in morals, as well as politicswhich no open to dispute;' and of course, that thisinferior, degraded race were then left, and still continue,so far as the Federal Government is concernedin the same rightless condition, incapable of askingof the Federal Courts redress for any wrong, andconsequently destitute of the legal recognition of anyright. Considering how feeble, helpless and alreadydeeply injured are the objects of this assaults, it ishard to say whether injustice, meanness or cruelty,unblushing falsehood, or sophistical misinterpretationof facts and law, is its most marked characteristic. no rights universal axiom no open to dispute The judge does not pretend that any clause or wordof the Constitution expressly debars black men fromcitizenship, or even hints at color or race as a test ofcivil rights; or that the States, before they enteredthe present Union, had generally set up, in terms,any such distinction as is contended for. The sumof his argument is, that 'the white race' cannot besupposed to have recognized as citizens a race whichthey so looked down upon. He cites freely from theany legislation of Congress and the States to provethe social degradation of the blacks, and thence inferstheir want of civil rights. But, unfortunately forhis purpose, this inference is flatly contradicted bythe well-established fact, that the Federal Governmenthas repeatedly naturalized colored aliens, andgiven passports to colored men, describing them ascitizens of the United States; and, in one instance,if not more, has officially complained of an act ofBritish aggression upon a colored American seaman,as having been committed upon a 'native citizen ofthe United States.' It is contradicted no less decisivelyby the fact referred to by Judge Curtis, inhis dissenting opinion, that in several of the States,(he might have said all but two, if we mistake not,)before the adoption of the Constitution, coloredmen. 'descended from African slaves,' were citizensof those States, and had the elective franchise 'onequal terms with other citizens.' Chancellor Kent,in his his Commentaries, says 'it is certain that theConstitution and Statute law of New York speak ofmen of color as being citizens;' and that 'if a slavebe born in the United States, and lawfully dischargingfrom bondage, or if a black man be born free inthe United States, he becomes thenceforward a citizens.The Supreme Court of North Carolina hasdecided that slaves born in that State, and manumittedthere, 'are citizens of North Carolina, andall free persons born within the State are born citizensof the State;' and had declared it 'a matter ofuniversal notoriety,' that free men of color had andused the right of voting, under the old Constitutionof that State. In Massachusetts and some otherStates, it is equally notorious, they have it still, andhave never been without it; and in those where theyhave it not, the use of the word 'white,' in prescribingthe qualifications of votes, was necessary totake it from them. That they were regarded as citizensin the old Confederation is proved conclusivelyby the fact, that a motion to limit the privileges ofgeneral citizenship to white persons was expresslyvoted down in the Congress, eight States opposingand only two supporting it, while the vote of onewas divided. infers There was no need of citing Statutes to prove thatthe colored people have all along been the objects ofprejudice and contempt. Nobody denies it. Butthis, so far from disproving their citizenship, ratherstrengthens the direct proof in its favor, drawn fromthe facts above mentioned. For the more degradedand despised they were, the less likely is it that theywere tolerated in any position to which they had noright, and especially in one so important as that ofco-soverigns of the Commonwealth; and consequently,the stronger I the evidence afforded bytheir voting, that they were recognized as citizens. Judge Taney endeavors to evade the force of theproof of citizenship from the fact of voting, by sayingthat 'a person may be entitled to vote by thelaw of the State, who is not a citizen of the Stateitself;' and instances 'foreigners not naturalized,'as being 'allowed to vote in some of the States.'Whether they are not, by such allowance, madecitizens of those States, or whether admission toshare in the sovereignty is not of course admission tocitizenship, may perhaps be reasonably questioned;but conceding this point, for the sake of the argument,it must still be borne in mind that when—orif—'persons not citizens' are allowed to vote, it isby some special provision of law on their particularbehalf; and as no such special provision existed inregard to the colored people, it follows that theirvoting was on the common ground of the generalright of citizenship. of course The judge, in his eagerness to make out a case,has grossly overstated the sentiment of the period inquestion, in regard to the colored people. The truthas to the general feeling toward them is bad enough;but he goes very far beyond the truth, in affirmingthat 'the opinion was universal in the civilized portionof the while race,' and 'disputed by no one,'that the negro might be justly enslaved for the whiteman's benefit, and had no rights which the whiteman was bound to respect. If not guilty of willfulfalsehood, he betrays an ignorance most astonishingin the chief judicial officer of the nation. truth Did he really know nothing of the emphatic voicesuch literature, law, philanthropy and religion,among 'the civilized portion of the white race,' haduttered at and before the time referred to, in behalfof the black man's rights, and against his enslavement?Was he not aware that the practice whichhe says was then universally thought to be just, hadbeen denounced within the time he specifies, by Cowperas 'human nature's broadest, foulest blot;' byWesley, as 'the sum of all villanies;' by Paley, as acrime' an 'wickedness;' by the historian Robertsonas 'repugnant to the feelings of humanity,' and'to the principles of religion;' by Bishop Warburton,as 'infamous,' and 'directly infringing bothDivine and human law;' and by many other writerson the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries—poets,moralists, and divines, political economists, statesman,jurists, and others—as 'unjust, inhuman, unchristian-like;''contrary to all the laws of humanity,''a criminal and outrageous violation of thenatural rights of manking;' 'this enormity, thisaggravated iniquity;' 'a practice which spurns atall the principles of both natural and revealed religion;''a horrid practice, an injustice and barbaritywhich, so sure as there is vengeance in Heavenfor the wont of Crimea, will sometime b the destructionof all who allow or encourage it;' and, in aword, as deserving only abhorrence and reprobation?—that it called forth Montesquieu's often quotedsarcasm, 'We suit not allow the negroes in be men,or it will begin to be believed that we ourselves arenot Christians;' and the Abbe Raynal's declaration,that' he who supports the system of slavery is theenemy of the whole human race;' and Baxter's denunciationof slave-traders as 'the worst of robbers,'and of' those who buy and use the poor Africans asmere beasts for their own convenience, regardless oftheir spiritual welfare,' as 'fitter to be sailed demonsthan Christiana'? universally Did he never hear of Clarkson and Wilberforce,and the 'multitude of others,' (to use Clarkson'sown words,) who labored so zealously in the latterhalf of the eighteenth century for the abolition ofthe slave trade? or of the suggestion of the celebratedNecker, in 1784, that toe nations of Europeshould form a general compact to abolish that traffic?or of the persevering and successful exertions ofGranville Sharp, from 1765 to 1772, to procure anauthoritative exposition of British law against slaveryon British soil? Had be never learned, in thecourse of his legal studies, that full sixteen yearsbefore the American Federal Constitution was adopted,a decision of the highest Law Court in GreatBritain, pronounced by one of the ablest jurists ofthat age, and after thorough argument and long deliberation,declared slavery, whether of black men orof white, to be unlawful in that country, as a violationof natural right, contrary to common law principles,and so odious that nothing can be suffered tosupport it but positive law? or that a few yearslatter, but still before the framing of the Constitution,the Supreme Court of Massachusetts appliedto Negro Slaves the declaration in the Stale Bill ofRights, that 'all men have an unalienable right toenjoy liberty,' and thus abolished slavery in thatState? Did he not know that in nearly every State of theold Confederation, (and of the new Union, when itwas formed,) were Societies for promoting the abolitionof Slavery, and protecting the rights of thefree colored people, and that among their membersand officers were many of the boat, and some of themost illustrious men of that day? that the judicialseat he occupies was first filled by the President ofan Abolition Society, John Jay? that to the sameSociety the first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander IHamilton, belonged? that Benjamin Franklin wasPresident of an Abolition Society, incorporated bythe Legislature of Pennsylvania, and that its Constitutioncalled ' all the children of men, members ofthe same family, however diversified by color, situation,'or otherwise; and declared it' more especiallythe duty of those who profess to maintain for themselvesthe rights of human nature, to use such meansas are in their power to extend the blessings of freedomto every part of the human race'? Had he never seen, among the proceedings of publicbodies just before the Revolution, that the people;of Fairfax county, Virginia, George Washingtonpresiding, pronounced the African Slave Trade'wicked, cruel and unnatural'? that the Freeholdersof Hanover County, Virginia, called it' mostdangerous to virtue and the welfare of this country '? ,that the Virginia Convention in 1774 complained ofthe King fur using his negative to defeat the attemptsof the Colony to stop that trade, and for''preferring the advantages of a few African corsairsto the rights of human nature, deeply wounded bythis infamous practice'? that an agreement wasformed by that Convention, by the North CarolinaConvention, by the Continental Congress, and bythe Georgia Provincial Congress, not to importslaves, or buy those imported by others? that theCommittee representing the people of Darien, Georgia,claiming to be 'influenced by a general philanthropyfor all mankind, of whatever climate, languageor complexion,' expressed their 'abhorrence ofthe unnatural practice or slavery in America, a practicefounded in injustice and cruelty, debasing partof our fellow-creatures below men, and corruptingthe virtue and morals of the rest'? or any of thenumerous similar testimonies of that period, and especiallythat introduced by Jefferson into the originaldraft of the Declaration of Independence, calling theslave-trade an 'execrable commerce,' and denouncingthe King of Great Britain as having, by his coursein regard to it, 'waged cruel war against humannature itself, violating its most sacred rights in the ,persons of a distant people, carrying them into slaveryin another hemisphere'? African corsairs complexion Could he be ignorant that in the very Conventionwhich framed the Constitution he professes to expound,Negro Slavery and the African Slave Tradewere denounced in the strongest terms by distinguishedmen, Northern and Southern; that GoverneurMorris said 'domestic slavery is a nefariousinstitution;' that Madison called it' the most oppressivedominion ever exercised by man over man,'and thought it' wrong to admit in the Constitutionthe idea that there could be property in men;' thatMason, of Virginia, styled the Slave Trade 'nefarious'and 'infernal,' and ' held it essential, is everypoint of view, that the General Government shouldhave power to prevent the increase of slavery;' thatRoger Sherman was 'against acknowledging men to,be property,' and 'regarded the slave-trade as iniquitous;'that Luther Martin, of Maryland, consideredit unjustifiable in its nature, and contrary'to the rights of mankind,' and? justly exposing usto the vengeance of Him who is equally Lord all,and who views with equal eye the poor Africanslave and Ms American master;' that in the Conventions,North and Sooth, which ratified the Constitution,the slave-trade was condemned with equalemphasis, being characterized by prominent speakersin the Virginia Convention as 'detestable' and ' nefarious;'and in that of North Carolina, as 'abominable,'inhuman,' 'utterly inconsistent with therights of humanity,' and 'probably reprobated byall the same members of the Federal Convention; while,in that of South Carolina, General Pinckney, whohad been a member of the Federal Convention, testifiedthat, on the slave question, the South Carolinadelegates there 'had to contend with the religiousand political prejudices of the Eastern and MiddleStates,' whose people 'reprobate as an unpardonablemoral and political evil, the dominion they (of theSouth) hold over a part of the human race'? Judge Taney has the effrontery to cite even theDeclaration of Independence in support of his atrociousargument. He admits, indeed, that its language'would term to embrace the whole humanfamily, and, if used in a similar instrument at thisday, would be so understood;' but denies that itwas then understood to include 'the enslaved Africanrace,' because, if it had been, 'the conduct of thedistinguished men who framed the Declarationwould have been flagrantly inconsistent with theprinciples they asserted,'—a thing he assumes to bedearly impossible; for they were 'incapable of assertingprinciples inconsistent with those on whichthey were acting. 'Indeed! Let us hear a little oftheir own testimony about that. then To what does the Judge think Jefferson alluded—the very man who drafted the Declaration and putinto it originally that denunciation of the slave tradewhich we have just quoted,—when be exclaimed atthe incomprehensibility of man, who can endure somuch for his own liberty, 'and the neat moment,deaf to all those motives whose power supported himthrough his trial, inflict on his fellow-men a bondage,one hour of which is fraught with more miserythan ages of that which he rose in rebellion to oppose'?Lather Martin says it was urged in theFederal Convention, against the concessions made toslavery in the Constitution, 'that our opposition toGreat Britain was grounded upon the preservationof rights to which God and nature entitled us, notin particular, but in common with all the rest of mankind.'Patrick Henry, writing in 1779, confessesthat, in holding slaves, his' conduct was inconsistentwith the principles 'he 'asserted,' and adds,' Iwill not, cannot justify it. I will so far pay my devoirto Virtue, as to own the rectitude of her precepts,and lament my want of conformity to them.'William Pinckney, in 1788, pronounces slavery 'oppressive,unjust, and inconsistent with the greatgroundwork of the late Revolution.' The Legislatureof Pennsylvania, in 1780, in the Act abolishingslavery in that State, speaks of 'negro slaves' as'deprived of the common blessings that they were bynature entitled to;' and avows among the reasonsfor the Act, that 'we conceive ourselves at this particularperiod extraordinarily called upon, by theblessings we have received, to manifest the sincerityof our professions;' and then proceeds, 'in justiceto persons so unhappily circumstanced, and in gratefulcommemoration of our own happy deliverance'from British tyranny, to enact the gradual abolitionof slavery in Pennsylvania. In 1788, in a Reporton a petition in favor of the distressed Africansand their descendants,' a Legislative Committee inthe same State quoted from the Declaration of Independencethe affirmation of the inalienable rights ofall men, adding that 'if it is founded in truth, thepetitioners speak but the Divine Will in requestingthat this evil (slavery) he done away from the land.Many pages might be filled with similar testimonies,showing that the Declaration was understood, in thatday, to assert the rights of the 'whole human family,'without distinction of race or color, and thatthe 'flagrant inconsistency ' therewith of holdingslaves and supporting slavery was then also seen andacknowledged. Indeed, it was the very time of theframing of the Constitution, which William Pinckneycalled 'this enlightened period ' at which 'weneed not labor to prove' slavery disgraceful, 'and ascandal to human nature.' notin particular, but in common with all the rest of mankind. his this particularperiod extraordinarily sincerityof our professions was Thus it is abundantly evident, not only that JudgeTaney's conclusion is unwarranted by his premises,but that his premises are gross exaggerations orutter falsehoods, and consequently that his attemptto prove colored men incapable of citizenship is acomplete failure. 

 Of Receipts, from April 1 to June 10, 1859. Of Receipts, from April to June [Omitted on account of slakness.] Res'd by hand of S. May, Jr.— By hand of S. May, Jr.— By hand of S. May, Jr.— By hand of S. May, Jr.— By hand of Sallie Holly for collections— Table  Table  SAMUEL PHILBRICK, Treas. Mass. A.S.Society. Treas. Mass. A.S.Society. Brookline, June 20, 1859. 

 There is not an entire unanimity among theAmerican public as to the character and quality ofwhat the Anti-Slavery people have been doing for thelast thirty years. Patriarchal politico-economistsat the South assure us that that pestilent generationhas only made the condition of the slaves worse—the pious owner, it is to be supposed, visiting upontheir vicarious shoulders the stripes due to theirofficious advocates—hitting them again because theyhave friends. This doctrine is repeated and enforcedat the North by many godly divines, bearing theimage and superscription of the American TractSociety, and patriotic journalists not a few, whoseem to believe that the only reason why the mastersand slaves are not at this moment dancing round aliberty-pole together, in celebration of the voluntaryemancipation of the one by the other, is the damningfact that certain persons at the North have said thatin their opinion it were a right and good thing todo. These theories, at once so creditable to thehumanity and to the common sense and intelligenceof our Northern instructors, as well clerical aslaic, we have no intention of controverting on thepresent occasion. have But whatever diversities of opinion philosophersand philanthropists may entertain as to the influencethe Anti-Slavery movement has exerted on the conditionof the black men of the South, it will hardlybe denied, by any persons acquainted with the facts,that it has been productive of very positive improvementin that of the black men of the-North. Thirtyyears ago, a slave could be seized in any Northerncity, and taken back under the law of 1793 with nomore ado than if he had been an escaped felon.Much within that time, if the meeting-house werethe gate of heaven, it was not one by which coloredChristians could enter into the kingdom on equalterms with the whites, but they were obliged tosneak in through a back dour called the Negro Pew.On all the railways there were negro-pens provided,called Jim Crow Cars, in which men and women ofgood character and manners and respectable appearancewere herded like beasts, because the sun hadlooked upon them, and they were black. So of allthe steamboats and omnibuses; colored persons wereeither not permitted to use them at all, or on inconvenientand degrading conditions. And at thevery outset of life, the white and black childrenwere made to feel the unjust distinction made betweentheir race by the segregation of the latterfrom the former in separate and inferior schools. Now it is undeniable that a great change hastaken place in all these particulars. A slave cannotnow be reclaimed without an excitement that shakesthe city where it is attempted like an earthquake,felt even to the ends of the country. In the NewEngland States, and very generally at the West, ifnot universally, the Negro Pew. is as obsolete abarbarism as the stocks and the pillory. To thesame territorial extent, we believe, a black man'smoney buys as much and as convenient transportationas a white man's. The color of his money, andnot that of his face, is all that is looked at in shepremises. We are well aware that we are notwriting the eulogy of our own city in this particular;but of the New England States, at least, wears confidentour statement holds generally good. So as tothe separate or caste schools. In Massachusetts, atall events, after a long and persistent agitation ofthe subject, such schools were forbidden by law, andfor several years the colored children have attendedthe school of the district in which they live, just asthe white children. The opposition in that Statecame chiefly from Boston, and perhaps two or threeother large towns, where the larger proportion ofcolored persons resided. It was finally oovercome,and we believe there has never been the least dispositionto return to the old system of proscription.No evil whatever has followed from this simple actof justice, according to the emphatic testimony ofthe Superintendent of Public Schools in Boston;of members of the School Committee; of teachersin the schools after the mixture had taken place, andother competent authorities. The Bottom Courier,certainly a competent authority on this side of thequestion, says or the change: 'We contemplate itwith unmingled satisfaction. We rejoice thatcolored men are not set apart in our churches fromtheir white brethren, and that the children of thetwo races in side by side on the same behind.And again: 'The anxiety of the colored people tohave their children educated shows that they wereentirely worthy of the boon bestowed upon them, ofhaving their children educated at the same schoolswith the whites.' Courier This is certainly strong testimony, and from amost unexceptionable quarter; but it was not a'boon' that was bestowed on the colored people inthis legislation, but a recognition of their justrights. It was never asked as a favor, but demandedas an act of simple justice, that all classes of thecommunity should be treated alike in the matter ofpublic education. And as such it was conceded.It is on this ground that the same action is asked ofthe Legislature of Rhode Island this year, and weare happy to believe with a fair prospect of success.There certainly should be no doubt of it, inasmuchas there are but three towns which still maintain theinvidious distinction soon to be abolished—Providence,Newport and Bristol—and there would benone were it not that these are the three largest andrichest, and therefore most weighty municipalitiesin the State. But the clear justice of the case is soplain that it would be to reflect on the good senseand fair-mindedness of the Legislature to doubt thatit will follow the example of Massachusetts. Theschools are supported by the taxes of the coloredpeople in the same proportion according to theirproperty as by those of the whites; and it needs noargument to show that they are entitle to the sameadvantages and conveniences of education as any ofthe tax-payers. This they clearly do not enjoy aslong as they are compelled to resort to schools of aninferior description, or which, if equally good, arebranded with a mark of degradation, and which, atany rate, must be less easy of access to the childrenof many of them than the district school proper.This latter is an inconvenience which, in a certainproportion of cases, amounts to a denial of publiceducation. This is, perhaps, the impregnable argument whichshould convince every citizen, and especially everylegislator, of the simple right which lies at thebottom of this question. It is merely this: Is or isnot a citizen entitled to his fair share of a publicadvantage of the expense of which he is obliged topay his fair proportion?—a proposition which admitsof but one answer. It can only be sophisticallyevaded by the assumption, that the claim of thecolored taxpayer is satisfied by the erection of coloredschools. But this is met by the undeniable fact,that the very best colored schools do not replace theLatin and High Schools which are shut in the facesof colored children where the separation exists, evenif the schools furnished them be equal to the averageof the lower district schools, which, we imagine, isvery far from being the case. But, aside from thepure right of the matter, there is a question of fairplay involved in it, which should enlist the sympathiesof every generous mind in behalf of theweaker party in the controversy. The colored peopleof the Free States have fairly lived down theslanders which have been heaped upon them by slaveholders,and their abettors, as to their capacity fortaking care of themselves. They contribute, accordingto their means and opportunities, their fullproportion to the comfort and wealth of the community.Their fathers fought, alongside of ours,the battles of the Revolution. They support themselves;they acquire property; they show an honorabledesire to improve their condition, and that oftheir children. We have been assured that, inPhiladelphia, and we know the same to be true ofthis city, their proportion of the taxes for schoolsand the poor considerably exceeds the amount paidfor colored schools and paupers, so that they actuallycontribute, of their moderate means, to educate thechildren and support the poor of the white race!The prejudice against them, which is but the lingeringshadow of our departed Slavery, has deniedthem chances enough, and for long enough. Letthem have a fair opportunity at last to show whatthey can do under more favorable surroundings. The testimony which the teachers of the coloredschools bear as to the progress of their scholars is atouching evidence of the mischiefs attending them.They have uniformly found that while the youngerchildren, who had not learned the existence of theprejudice which is the badge of their tribe, madefully as rapid progress as white children of the sameage, their seal and interest in their studies invariablyslackened as they grew older. The growingsense of the crushing disabilities under which theylabor, organized, as it were, into the very school-housein which they sit, robs them of all heart andhope. But where an equality of privileges is enjoyed,this mournful circumstance disappears. Mr.John F. Emerson, who has been for a quarter of acentury the Principal of the High School of NewBedford, a man standing in the very foremost rankof his profession, bears this testimony: 'My pupilsare from all classes of the community. Many ofthem from families of the very highest respectability.I have had no instance of any difficulty arising fromthe admission of colored children. I have noticedno difference in the aptitude to learn between themand the whites.' And this testimony is capable ofample confirmation from other sources. How cruel,as well as unjust, then, is it thus to blight the soulsof innocent children in the very dew and tenderblossom of their youth! Away with such relies ofslaveholding barbarism from the soil of the FreeStates! They are a stench in the nostrils of civilization. We have been led into this train of remarks byreading the pamphlets addressed to the people andto the General Assembly of Rhode Island on thissubject, by the colored inhabitants of that State.They are temperate, well-reasoned and unanswerableWe trust, and cannot doubt, that the General Assembly,at the session soon to convene, will pass theAct which failed last winter by only four votes, andwas referred, if we mistake not, to this coming session.This is a case in which a delay of justice isalmost equivalent to a denial of it. Every year it ispostponed, causes serious injury to the children whosuffer under this proscription, not to mention theexpense of time and money, and vexation of soul, itcosts to those struggling for their rights. They haveshowed so much discretion and good sense, as well asspirit, in their way of laying their wrongs beforethe Legislature, that they deserve success. Theirdocuments, though calculated for the meridian ofRhode Island, will do for this State, or any otherwhere the same miscbiefs exist, which we hope tosee soon expunged from the statute book of everyFree State. It is but a scanty measure of reparation,at the best, that any State can render its inhabitantsof African descent for the inveterate wrongs done tothem by law and custom; surely, the least it can do,which is all they ask, is to stand from between themand the light. 

 It is proposed to establish a HOSPITAL FORWOMEN AND CHILDREN, in the city of Boston,in connection with the New England Medical College.The objects aimed at are three, viz: 1. To afford to Women, during sickness and childbirth,a comfortable home, with medical attendanceby their own sex, and, to out-door patients, dispensarytreatment. Children of both sexes will be received. 2. To provide for Female Medical Students the advantagesof clinical instruction. 3. To give to those entering on the profession ofNurses an opportunity of education for their importantduties. The Hospital will be under the care of Dr. MARIEE. ZAKRZEWSKA,—formerly of the Royal Hospitalin Berlin, late Resident Physician of the NewYork Infirmary for Women and Children,—who iseminently qualified for the position. It will be openedin June, in the House on Springfield Street, builtby the Lying-in-Hospital corporation, and rooms willbe furnished for the use of patients, as feet as thefunds contributed will permit. Free beds will be establishedfor those who are unable to pay. Good accommodations,at a very moderate price, will beprovided for others. Private apartments for these whodesire. The subject of Medical Education for Women hasbeen so log before the community, that it seems notnecessary, now, to argue its importance, but merely topresent its claims. The expenses of a Hospital arenecessarily very great; and, in order that the experimentmay have a fair trail, all persons interestedmust feel it their work to aid promptly; and we trustthat ample means will be placed in our hands. Sewing Societies are invited to assist in furnishingrooms. Donations of articles, such as cloth, bedding,furniture, clothing, fuel, groceries, old linen, or saything which will be useful in the establishment, maybe sent directly to the Hospital, I Springfield street.Books for Patients; Library will be extremely welcome. Subscriptions and donations in money may be sentto the Treasurer of the Executive Committees,—Mrs.C.M.SERVERANCE, care of the Atlantis Bank,Boston,—or to either of the Managers. By order of the Executive Committee, ABBY W. MAY, Secretary. Secretary. MANAGERS. Table  Table  Mrs. GEO.W.BOND, Jamaica Plains. Mrs. GEO.R.RUSSELL, " Mrs. T.C. DELANO, New Bedford. Mrs. F.B. DURFEE, Fall River. Mrs. J.K. PALMER, Cambridge. Miss. LUCY GODDARD, Roxbury. Mrs. C.M. SEVERANCE," Mrs. HARRIET BEECHER STOWE, Andover. Mrs. T.C. UPHAM, Brunswick, Ms. Mrs. JOEL W. WHITE, Norwich, Ct. Resident Physisian, M.E. ZAKREEWSKA, M.D.Boston, June 1859. Resident Physisian 

 REFUSING TO TAKE THE OATH.—In the case of Isaacand Spencer, the two slaves charged with murder inMemphis, when the jury were directed to take therequired oath, a member, Mr. W.W. Ritahie, refusedto be qualified, on the ground that he was conscientiouslyopposed to capital punishment. TheCourt insisted, and the juryman positively refusedto take the oath, whereupon he was committed toprison for thirty days for contempt. EFUSING TO TAKE THE ATH. 

 ☞ A.T. FOSS, an Agent of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society, will speak at Worcester, Sunday, July 3. 

 Probably there never has been a period in thehistory of the Christians Church when the cautiongiven by Christ to his disciples was not needed—'Beware of false prophets, which come to you insheep's clothing, but inwardly they are raveningwolves.' The test of discipleship is as much neededin our own day as it was when first given in theSermon on the Mount—'Ye shall know them bytheir fruits. Do men gather grapes of throes, orfigs of thistles.' We are loud in our Anti-Slavery professions inthis country. We have bought 'Uncle Tom'sCabin' by the tons of thousands, and we have beentouched to the quick by its harrowing recitals; andyet those who have examined into the foundations ofslavery know that it is materially based upon thepro-slavery action, at least in its reflex influence, ofthe churches of this country. The test of fellowshipwith American churches has never gone beyondthe external wool of animal with us. We havebeen utterly careless, provided that it had the orthodoxappearances, whether we introduced into ourfold a sheep of Christ's flock, or a wolf of Stan'sbread. We have as practically bowed to the infallibilityof verbal orthodoxy as Romanists havepassively submitted to the written degree of popishinfallibility. The persistent sinning against lightand knowledge by our religious denominations inthe matter of American slavery, has been enough toplunge the whole land into infidelity to Christianity.Reed and Matheson, from the Congregationalists;Lewis, from the Free Church of Scotland; andothers who have crossed the Atlantic, have sat downat the table of the Lord with slaveholders, andthereby riveted yet tighter the previously-looseningfetters of the slave. But deputations, in courtesy,must be mutual; and accordingly the Americans,very naturally taking the Anglo-American delegatesas fair exponents of British sentiment, were not particularin sending over men whose hands were cleanin the matter of slavery. In 1849, the admirablescheme theoretically of the Ecumenical Alliancebrought over from the United States a shoal ofBiblical defenders of slavery, and at least one slaveholder.The attempt to graft them permanentlyupon the Evangelical churches of this country wasdefeated by William Lloyd Garrison, George Thompson,Frederick Douglass and others, who lifted upthe skin, and discovered to the Christian public ofthis country the wild-beast character of the men itconcealed. The Alliance, the most powerful ecclesiasticalorganization ever convened in England,was compelled—we use the terms advisedly—in deferenceto the awakened British sentiment, to rescindits own resolution, which virtually admittedslaveholders to Christian fellowship with our churches.That which so signally failed in the corporationhas subsequently been sought to be accomplished inthe individual. A specimen of the attempt tosmuggle the excommunicated into the church overthe wall, instead of by the open door, has recentlybeen made by two of our leading religious organization—the Congregational Union and the LondonMissionary Society—in the person of the Rev. Dr.Pomroy, Secretary of the American Board of Commissionersof Foreign Missions. The chairman ofthe first named organization not only gave to therev. gentleman 'the right hand of fellowship,' butextended to him 'a cordial greeting.' To whom wasthis act of Christian fellowship accorded? To a recreantAnti-Slavery man; once a member of theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society, but who, under theinfluence of the Annas and Oaiphas of the UnitedStates, betrayed Christ in the person of the poorslave for whose salvation he died. Such is the man;and what is the body whom he represents? An organizationlending its powerful influence to the perpetuationof American slavery; and association whosepro-slavery action has brought upon it the witheringdenunciations of Mrs. Stowe and Dr. Cheever. Mr.Wilson Armistead, of Leeds, preferred and indictmentagainst Dr. Pomroy and his clients on thishead. By his silence he pleaded guily to a chargewhich was as patent to the world as the sun atnoonday. What is the action as regards slavery of thisAmerican Board of Commissioners, in 'regularstanding' and intimate union with nearly the wholeof the American churches? By its Christian fellowship,it sanctions the acts of the worst slaveholdersin the United States. Among its members, for exampleare the Old School Presbyterians, who denyto their slaves that which God hath appointed forall men—marriage. One of its own members, Dr.Breckenridge, bears the following testimony to thereligion practiced by that body:—The system ofslavery denies to a whole class of human beings thesacredness of marriage and of home, compellingthem to live in a state of concubinage; for, in theeye of the law, no colored slave man is the husbandof any wife in particular; no slave man is the fatherof any child in particular; and no slave child is thechild of any parent in particular.' Mr. Stuart, ofIllinois, thus reprobates the sin of the body:—Inthis church a man may take a free-born child, forceit away from its parents, to whom God gave it incharge saying, 'Bring it up for me, and sell it asa beast, or hold it in perpetual bondage, and notonly escape corporeal punishment, but really be esteemedan excellent Christian. May, even ministerof the Gospel and Doctors of Divinity may engagein this unholy traffic, and yet sustain their high andholy calling. What is the action of this Societyabroad? It has missions among the Choctaw andCberokee Indians, the church members of whichhold slaves. Complaints were received of theirrobbing parents of their children, and sending themwhere they are never behold by them again. Thematter was complained of to the Board; the Boardreferred the complaint to the missionaries; the missionariescoolly replied, in true American spirit,that the separation of parents and children is notforbidden by the express injunction of Scripture.There the matter was allowed by the Board to rest.Polygamy is known to exist in the mission churches;the Board tolerates a crime for which its churchesat home would visit with excision any one of itsmembers. Thus stands Dr. Pomroy, with one handgrasping that of the slaveholder, the child-stealer,the polygamist, and the other reciprocating thewarm embrace of Christian fellowship of the CongragationalUnion and the London MissionarySociety. Dr. Pomroy virtually indorses the blasphemiesuttered by American divines, that slaverywas instituted by God, and was sanctioned by Christand his apostles; the Congregational Union and theLondon Missionary Society tacitly give their assentto the doctrine, by openly endorsing the Christianityof Dr. Pomroy, Had it been a more temporalmatter, the world would have no difficulty in comingto the conclusion respecting the doctor as the middlemanof the two classes, of whom he was the bondof union—'nescitur a seciis.' As the link in thechain connecting the two, it certainly would not beunfair to exclaim of both,'Arcades ambe.' nescitur a seciis. Arcades ambe. We ask the Directors of the London MissionarySociety to ponder over, and to controvert, if theycan, the statement made by Mrs. Stowe, as to the influenceexercised upon the minds of the heathen bythe child-theft justifying missionaries, the representativeof whom they have so warmly ambaries;'We have sent our missionaries to all quarters ofthe globe; but how shall they tell their heathenconvert the thing that are done in ChristianizedAmerica? How shall our miniseries in Mahortancountries hold up their heads, and proclaim thesuperiority of our religion, when we relegate barbaritieswhich they have repudiated? A visionaryamong the Kerens, in Aris, writes back that hiscourse is much unarranged by a suspicious that isaffront among them, that the American intend tosteal and sell them. He says, 'I dread the timewhen there Karees will be able read our books,and get a full knowledge of all that as going an inour country. Many of them are very inquisitivenow, and often ask the question that I find it verydifficult to answer.' it is evident that in fraternizingwith this pro-slavery representative, the Englishorganization have had respect to nothing butthe wool, without carrying caught about the real sutureof the animal by which it is assumed. AlbertBarnes departed from Presbyterian orthodoxy in hisviews of the federal headship of Adam, and of thepropriety of imputing his aim all his to posterity.The church hurled its fiercest denominations againstthe arch-heresiarch, as did also against Dr.Lyman Beecher. Well might his daughter my,'The Bible declares of all such '—oburch members—'that they are temples of the Holy Ghost; thatthey are members of Christ, his body, him flesh andbones.' Is not the doctrine that men may lawfullycall the members of Christ, his body, him flesh andbones, for the purpose of gains, as really an herebyas the denial of the divinity of Christ? and is itnot a dishonor to Him who is over all, God blessedfor ever, to tolerate this dreadful opinion, with itsmore dreadful consequences the imputation of Adam's sin,are queried with eager vabmenee?' Certainly act'in the opinion of the Congregational Union and theLondon Missionary Society, who must have come tothe conclusion practically arrived at by the Americanchurches—' For a man to teach that there are notthree Persons in the Trinity is hereby. For a manto teach. that all there three Person authorize asystem which even Mahometan princes have abolishedfrom mere natural shame and conscience, is nohereby.' Christianized We regret that a press of engagements perpetualthe British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society fromadmitted the topic of American slavery either intheir resolution upon the platoon, or in the reportread on Saturday last. We rejoice, on the otherhand, in the establishment of the London EmancipationCommittee, which has undertaken to attemptthe work which the Broad-street Society has nottime to attend to property—of warning the publicagainst wolves on sheep's clothing. 

 ☞ ESSEX COUNTY.—The annual meeting ofthe Essex county Anti-Slavery Society will be held atDenvers Port, Sunday, July 19. C.L. REMOND andA.T. Fees will be present as speakers, Whereverwill, 1st him come. EMOND CHARLES L. REMOND, President.MOSES WRIGHT, Secretary. President. OSES RIGHT Secretary. 

 On Saturday last, an influential meeting of friendsof the Anti-Slavery cause was held at the residenceof Mr. F.W. Chanson, 10, Harper street, Bloomsbury,for the purpose of considering the propertyof forming an Anti-Slavery Committee. GeorgeThomson, was unanimously called upon to preside. Mr. CHESSON pened the proceedings by statingthe reason why the meting was called together. Hesaid that several friend of the Anti-Slavery cause,with himself, had long felt the need of some properlyconstituted body in London which should diffuseinformation on the slavery question, more especiallyin its American aspects. No existing organizationin this part of the country supplied that want; andin proof of that statement he need only refer to theanti-slavery meeting held at the London Tavern thatday, at which only very alight reference was madeto the subject of slavery in the United States. Therewere important question, such as the agitation infavor of the Personal Liberty Bill, and the noblestand taken by Dr. Cheever against the Pro-slaverychurches of American, which it was especially desirableshould be brought before the English public atthe present time. (Hear, hear.) He did not suggestthat they should constitute themselves into asociety; they were not in a position to undertakesuch a responsibility, nor did they wish to came intocollision with any existing association. He thoughtthat they might advantageously form themselves intoa committee; and if they did no more than tohold a public meeting on the of August in everyyear, with a view to commemorate West Indiaemancipation,and to place fairly before the public. HESSON The American slavery question, they would not laborin vain.(Hear.) THE CHAIRMAN said be had little to add to thevery clear statement which Mr. Chesson had madeof the reason which led to the holding of that meeting.He (Mr. T.) had for many years seen and feltthe necessity for the existence of an IndependentCommittee in London, for the special purpose ofco-operating with the friend of abolition in theUnited States of America. He did not wish tostand in an attitude of hostility or antagonism towardsany organization of an anti-slavery characterwhich might be at present procreating its own peculiarobject; but he did most earnestly desire to beassociated with a Committee, no matter how few itsnumber or how humble their position, who, likehimself, display sympathized with the unfalteringand uncompromising abolitionist of America, anddesire as they had ability, to co-operates with themin their humans and noble efforts. It was a fast,however discreditable it might be to the great cityof London, that a delegate from the American Anti-SlaverySociety, while secure of a cordial and hospitablereception in Warrington, Leeds, Liverpool,Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin, and Cork, as well asin other parts of the United Kingdom—and mightcalculate with confidence upon efficient co-operationin the persecution of an anti-slavery mission there—could find no body, however small, in the metropolisof the British Empire, to extend such a welcome,or to proper such assistance. From that day forth,he trusted, that reproach would no longer be deserve,and would no more be incurred. He (Mr.Thompson) by so means undervalued the importanceof a society directing its attention to the workingsof emancipation in the colonies, to the question ofimmigration, and to the meaner in which foreignnation observe existing trusties on the subject ofthe slave trade. Such a society might effect muchgood, by well-timed deputation to the Prime Ministeror the Colonies Secretary, with memorials pointingout existing evils, and suggesting remedies whichthe British Government might adopt and apply.Such a Society, too, might originate motions anddebates in the two hours of Parliament, calculatedto awaken and inform the Ligatures of the country,and through that medium the minds of the publicat large. The question of American Slavery, however,was not one which could be treated in thatway. It was not by international diplomacy or byParliamentary discussion that they could aid, exceptincidentally and upon particular points of thegreat object sought by the united effort of theAmerican abolitionists. The British people, nevertheless, had it in their power to render effectual serviceto the friend of the slave on the opposite showsof the Atlantis; but the influence to be carted wasthat exclusively of a moral and religions characterthe American abolitionist, when he came to thiscountry, sought neither their silver or gold. Heasked for no direct interference on the part of theGovernment, or of the mere politicians of this country;he sought only their sympathy, and the expressionof that sympathy through the medium ofresolutions at public meetings, of articles in the periodicallypress, and of action on the part of religiousbodies in relation to corresponding organizations inAmerics. The work he had to do was simple andpiais—to give facts illustrative of the present actualcondition of slavery in his own land;—to tell who,amongst those who professed anti-slavery sentiments,were most efficiently promoting the cause, and weremost entitled to recognition and confidence;—to tellthem who, amongst those who come to this countryfrom America, deputed to his conferences, associations,and assemblies, and were invited to speak atthe annual and other public meetings, were worthyto be trusted and believed as genuine abolitionists;and who, amongst then should be suspected, opposed,or denounced, either as slaveholders, the defendersof slavery, the apologists of slavery, or as men intheir own country justifying or excusing the connectionof the Churches of America with the systemof slavery. The Committee be hoped to are formedmight be able to render to such anti-slavery missionariesvery valuable assistance in the way of originatingmeetings in London; of giving them introductionsto various parts of the kingdom; of makingknown to them the state of anti-slavery feeling atthe time, and of the matters moat requiring attentionand elucidation; and of securing to them such convenienceand facilities as a stranger necessarily required.Mr. Thompson concluded by saying that,should a Committee be formed, he would, if a memberof it, do all in his power, both in London andthe preciseness, to advance its objects; and he knowit would gladden the hearts of his endeared friends,Mr. Garrison and his noble coadjutors, to learn thatat length the principles and spirit of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society had found a local habitationand a name in the city of London. HE HAIRMAN  The Rev. W.H.BANNER, minister of TrinityChapel, Southwark, made some interesting statesmenwith a view to show the need of as active anti-slaverymovement in this country. During hisresidence at Birkenhead, be had been surprised at theapathy, and even the hostility, of the people boththere and at Liverpool, with regard to the anti-slaverymovement. His surprise considerably diminishedwhen he found that, not only was there an intimatebusiness connection between Southern plantersand Liverpool cotton-brokers, but that the latterin many cases made advances before the crops wereripe, or even planted, and held mortgages noon slaveproperty as security for their money. He had beenneatly disappointed with the anti-slavery meetingsaid that day. But slight allusion had been madeto the slavery question in America, and not oneword had been said about Dr. Pomeroy, the agentof the American Board of Commissioners for ForeignMissions—a notoriously pro-slavery institution, Hewould most cordially take part in the proposed committee,sad tend it his best assistance. (Hear, hear.) ANNER The BARON DE PRADINE,the Haytian Minister,while fully recognizing the importance of the WestIndia labor question, urged the still greater importanceof the slavery question in America. There thebattle had still to be fought, whereas in the BritishWest Indies it had been both fought and won. ARON DE RADINE After some farther discussion, The Rev. W.H.BONNER proposed that the ladiessad gentlemen present do hereby constitute themselvesinto a committee, to be called 'The LondonEmancipation Committee,' with power to add totheir number. ONNER The BARON DE PRADINE seconded the resolution,which was unanimously adopted. ARON DE RADINE M.LASPINNASSE,Secretary of the Haytian Legation,moved resolutions which were seconded by ProfessorAllen, of Dublin, and passed unanimously. ASPINNASSE Mr. W.FARHER moved the next resolution:— ARHER That this committee tenders its warmest congratulationsto the Baron de Pradine, upon his appointmentas Haytian Charge d' Affaires to the Court of St.James's, and would express its fervent wishes for thestability and permanent prosperity of the free coloredRepublic which he represents, and its satisfaction inthe knowledge that the recent revolution was characterizedby the most praiseworthy forbearance on theKef those who effected it, and without the effusion,in the hoar of struggle and ultimate triumph, of thesmallest amount of human blood, or any other act ofdeliberate vengeance. The LLANDDROST ROCHUSSEN,of Surinam, secondedthe resolution, and spoke in terms of admirationof the progress which the Haytian people had madeunder circumstances of great difficulty. LANDDROST OCHUSSEN The resolution was unanimously carried. The BARON DE PRADINE, in returning thanks, saidthat be had found much ignorance in this countryrespecting the progress which Hayti had made inmorals and education daring the last five-end-twentyyears, la proof of its rapid improvement, be mightstate that whereas in 1827 there were only 20 marriagesannually in the capital of the island, Port-au-Prince,in 1846 there were 995 in that one year;and while the schools were in 1813 only 11, and 1college, there were, in 1844, 63 schools and 6500pupils. It would delight his countrymen to knowthat such kind wishes had been expressed towardsthem, and so just a view taken of the recent revolution.(Hear, hear.) ARON DE RADINE The Rev. W.H. BARRER moved the following resolution,which was seconded by Mr. F.W. Chesson,and carried unanimously:— ARRER That this committee having received through MissJohnstone, and from other sources, information relatingto the present position of the Rev. George B.Cheever. D.D., and the Church of the Puritans inNew York, of which he is pastor, arising oat of thefidelity sad intrepidity with which Dr. Cheever hasrebuked the pro-slavery tendencies of the AmericanChurches, and being desirous of promoting the objectfar which Mist Johnstone is now on a mission to thiscountry, resolves to adopt measures to convene, at anearly day, s public meeting, at which the claims ofDr. Cheever and his Church to the sympathy and aidof British Christians may he stated, and means beadopted to convey the expression of that sympathy tothe United States. Mr.CHESSON moved, and Mr.WILLIAM CRAFT,formerly of the United States, seconded the followingresolution, which, after some highly complimentaryremarks on the part of the Chairman, wasunanimously adopted:— HESSON ILLIAM RAFT That the committee would embrace this its first opportunityto express to Miss Sarah P. Remond, nowpresent, its congratulations on her arrival in this country,and on the success which has attended her laborsis England and Ireland during the lest five months.The committee would also assure her of their earnestsympathy with her in her anti-slavery efforts, andwould bespeak for her in confidence and co-operationof the friends of the slave in every place she mayafter visit during her stay in this country. MISS. REMOND said—It may not inappropriateon my part, as the representative of three millionsand a half of slaves in the United States, who cannotspeak for themselves, to say—I thank you. ISS. EMOND Mr. George Thompson, 1, Fentiman's-road, SouthLambeth, was then elected Chairman of the Committee;Mr. Dennis McDonnell, 65, Pentonvilleroad,Treasurer; and Mr. F.W. Cherson, 19, Harpurstreet, Bloomsbury, Hon. See. The meeting then adjourned. 

 ☞ All communications for the undersignedshould be sent to Leicester, Mass. SAMUEL MAY, Jr. 

 The principal British newspapers have notionwith expansions of more than ordinary regret andrespect the death of this gentleman, who expiredsuddenly in his house at Edgebaston, near Birmingham,on the morning of May the 14th, it is supposedfrom disease of the heart. He has been for thelast twenty-five years one of the most conspicuousand munificent of British philanthropist. On theabolition of British West Indian slavery, and thesubstitution of a system of apprenticeship for a periodof seven years, it was soon found that this projectwas likely to prove a failure, as it admittedof much of the tyranny of slavery, unrestrained bythe motive of self-interest which frequently preventsthe slaveholder from injuring his' property. Indeedat much gross injustice and cruelty immediately resulted,that the interference of British abolitionists,who watched with deep interest and solicitude thegreat experiment of emancipation, was soon loudlycalled for and promptly afforded. Mr. Sturge visitedthe West Indies himself, for the purpose of personallyinvestigating the real state of affairs, and on hisreturn home be took an active part in the agitationwhich resulted in the total abolition of the appearanceship system, and which was greatly promoted byhis councils and his nurse. His activity as a memberof the Peace Society, of which he was Presidentat the time of his decease, his effort to promote thereformation of juvenile criminals, his great personaland pecuniary labors to alleviate the sufferings causedby the wanton and cruel and ravages of the Britishcruisers on the coast of Finland during the hostilitieswith Russia, and his ready munificence on behalfof any scheme for the good of mankind whichmet with his approval, are so generally known, thatno addition to what has been already said respectinghim in so many quarters is required from us. Butas editor of a paper devoted to the abolition ofAmerican slavery, and as being from profound convictionin full unity with the principles and madeof action of the American Anti-Slavery Society, wefeel bound to say that the powerful social influenceof Mr. Sturge has for nearly twenty years been opposedto the uphill efforts of one of the noblest associationsfor the benefit of mankind which has everexisted, and that to his hostility may be attributedmuch of the apathy and ignorance respecting theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society which unfortunatelyprevail on this side of the Atlantic. When Mr. Garrison first visited England, in theyear 1833, he found in Mr. Sturge a warm friendand active fellow-laborer in his endeavors to attractthe attention of the British people to the subject ofAmerican slavery, and more especially to the necessityof distinguishing between bona fide efforts for itsoverthrow, and the hypocritical pretences of theAmerican Colonization Society, which, under a showof promoting the interests of the colored race andthe good of Africa, had engaged in a Quixoticscheme for clearing the United States of its freecolored inhabitants, and thus at one stroke freeingthe slaveholders from their hated presence, and furnishingAfrica with missionaries of Christianity andcivilization. When Mr. Garrison first commencedhis single-handed labors at home, and raised his uncompromisingstandard of emancipation, his watchwordbeing 'SLAVERY IS A SIN, AND AS SUCH SMOULDBE IMMEDIATELY ABANDONED,' he labored under thedelusion that this self-evident truth had only to beforcibly presented to all Cristians, and especially toall Christian ministers, in order to secure universalacceptance. But he was speedily undeceived. Single-mindedand uncompromising himself, he had notreckoned on the powerful influence of those maximsof ambition, expediency, and self-interest by whichsects, like all other human institutions, are controlled.The result was, that as he had resolvedthat he 'would not equivocate,' that he 'would notretreat a single inch,' and that he 'would be heard,'he persevered in his agitation, and in his incessantcalls upon sects and parties to square their practicewith their principles, and was speedily regarded withgeneral execration by clergy and politicians as an infidel,a traitor, and a disorganiser, who, for the sakeof pursuing an unattainable phantom, was willingto discredit religion, and throw the policy of hiscountry into confusion. It was only the other daythat Miss Sarah P. Remond was in like manner denouncedas an infidel by some Methodists in Waterford,because she stated well-known facts respectingthe pro-slavery course of the American Methodists;and the Leeds Young Men's Anti-Slavery Societywere reported as a handful of infidels by BishopSimpson and Rev. Dr. McClintook on their returnto American, because they had ventured to expose thepro-slavery position of those Rev. gentlemen at home,while they were traveling in England under falsecolors as abolitioniats—as nearly all the Americanclergy who travel in England do. This evil reputationof infidelity has adhered to the most eminentand the most persevering of the abolitionists eversince. Continually obliged to expose the mean,shuffling, and criminal course of the Americanchurches and clergy in reference to slavery, the retortis always ready that the abolitionist are infidelsand enemies to religion. Such a charge is far moreeasily made than answered to the satisfaction of thatlarge and shallow class, who regard sectarian andclerical corporations as identical with religion—andwho cannot perceive the noblest and most effectivemanifestations of true piety in lives of practical,self-denying devotion to a God-like, however unpopular,enterprise for the best interests of the humanrace. If purity of life, unstained by the imputationof immorality or meanness, joined with a determinedassertion of the right to think for themselves on religioussubjects—do not recommend the abolitionists to therespect of those whose respect is worth having,where shall we go for people to esteem? However,this is exactly the position of the abolitionists—andit is one which Mr. Sturge was unable to appreciate.When Mr. Garrison with several of his friends andcoadjutors visited England a second time in 1840, asdelegates to the World's Anti-Slavery Convention,which was held in London in that year, Mrs. LucretiaMott and some other female delegates fromthe American Anti-Slavery Society, were refused admissionon the pretence that the presence of womenon equal terms in such an assembly was contrary toBritish usage. Mr. Garrison and others declined toenter the Convention from which some of his ablestand bravest coadjutors were excluded, and shortlyafter some American delegates, who have been hardlyheard of in their own country as abolitionistsever since, traveled through England under thepatronage of Mr. Sturge, in company with Mr.Scoble, at that time Secretary of the British andForeign Anti-Slavery Society, and who has also longsince ceased to be known in connexion with the anti-slaverycause. Their tour was professedly for thepurpose of promoting the abolition of American slavery,but was to a great extent employed to spreaduntrue and malicious insinuations, injurious to thereputation of Mr. Garrison and he usefulness of theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society. The results of thiscircumstance have been the deadness, indifference,and ignorance, respecting the whole subject of Americanslavery and the efforts for its abolition, whichare so remarkably prevalent in England, and nowhere more so than amongst the members of the associationsauxiliary to the 'British and ForeignAnti-Slavery Society' which keeps an office andmaintains a staff at 27, New Broad-street, London. LAVERY IS A SIN, AND AS SUCH SMOULDBE IMMEDIATELY ABANDONED During all these years which have intervened betweenthe 'World's Anti-Slavery Convention' in1840, and this present year 1859, the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society has steadily held upon itscourse, notwithstanding an amount of dishearteningapathy, misrepresentation, and opposition, such asfew if any philanthropic efforts have had to encounterfor an equal space of time. In their attempts totouch the public conscience, they have had to showforth the hollowness of sects and parties, and towithstand the terrific force of a hostile public opinionwhich no where prevails with such unrestrainedpower as in the United States. None but remarkablyvigorous minds, or those in whom intense convictionsupplies the place of natural vigor, wouldhave sustained such a struggle. It was not the leastpainful part of their experience to find that men whohad attained a high place in the public estimationin England—such as Joseph Sturge—were unable tosee through the mists rained against them by bigotryand popular prejudice. The result was inevitable,that their efforts against the giant evil of their countryhave been so much the more difficult under theunited opposition of the professors of religion andpatriotism in America, and of many of the meeteminent leaders of Exeter Hall in England. However,although in England they have had to relychiefly upon the aid of a few men and women butlittle known to the public, their claims to sympathyand assistance are increasingly recognized, and thenames of the leading American abolitionists arerapidly becoming household words in the popular car. It is remarkable that all the modes of operation ofthe American Anti-Slavery Society are purely educationaland moral. They object to the formation ofa political anti-slavery party, so long as all the nationalstandards of political action are founded upona Constitution which recognizes slavery, and untilthe public sentiment of the Free States at least is sofar changed that it shall be opposed to slavery, andnot favorable to its continuance on the plea of keepinggood faith and unity with the slaveholders. Theabolitionists are opposed to violence in the promotionof their object. They are eminently peace men.Many of them are even non-resistants, founding theirprinciples on the precepts of the Sermon on theMount. Yet it is very remarkable that they havemet with some of their greatest discouragements inEngland from the members of a most—the Society ofFriends—which at its commencement was everywhere misrepresented, hated, and bitterly persecutedas anarchical, fanatical, and heretical, and of whichthe founders only succeeded in conquering the publicobloquy and dislike by purity of life, and an obstinateadherence to their own standards of right infaith and practice. ☞ All that is stated in the foregoing article istrue, and justice to all parties requires the record to bemade. Joseph Sturge, will all his many sterlingqualities and large-hearted philanthropy, was strangelyone-sided and perverse towards the American Anti-SlaverySociety, and died much, directly and by connivance,to render it odious in England. 

 A compound remedy, in which we hive labored toproduce the most effectual alterative that can bemade. It is a concentrated extract of Para Sarsaparilla,so combined with other substances of stillgreater alterative power as to afford an effectiveantidote for the diseases Sarsaparilla is reputed tocure. It is believed that such a remedy is wantedby those who suffer from Strumous complaints, andthat one which will accomplish their cure mustprove of immense service to this large class of ourafflicted fallow-citizens. How completely this compoundwill do it has been proven by experiment onmany of the worst cases to be found of the followingcomplaints:— SCROFULA AND SCNOFULOUS COMPLAINTS, ENOPTIONSAND ERUPTIVE DISNASMS, ULCRRS, PIMPLNS,BLOTCNNS, TUMONS, SALT RNBUM, SCALD HRAD,SYPHILIS AND SYPHILITIC AFFSCTIONS, MERCURIALDISRASE, DROTSY, NEURAIGIA OR TIC DOULOURBUR,DEBILITY, DYSPRPSIA AND INDIGNSTION, ERYSIPSLAS,ROSE OR ST. ANTEONY'S FIRE, and indeed thewhole class of complaints arising from IMPORITYOF THE BLOOD. CROFULA AND CNOFULOUS OMPLAINTS NOPTIONSAND RUPTIVE ISNASMS LCRRS IMPLNS LOTCNNS UMONS ALT NBUM CALD RAD YPHILIS AND YPHILITIC FFSCTIONS ERCURIAL ISRASE ROTSY EURAIGIA OR IC OULOURBUR EBILITY YSPRPSIA AND NDIGNSTION RYSIPSLAS OSE OR T. NTEONY'S IRE MPORITYOF THE LOOD. This compound will be found a great promoterof health, when taken in the spring, to expel thefoul humors which fester in the blood at that seasonof the year. By the timely expulsion of themmany rankling disorders are nipped in the bud.Multitudes can, by the aid of this remedy, sparethemselves from the endurance of foul eruptionsand ulcerous sores, through which the system willstrive to rid itself of corruptions, if not assisted todo this through the natural channels of the bodyby an alterative medicine. Cleanse out the vitiatedblood whenever you find its impurities burstingthrough the skin in pimples, eruptions, or sores;cleanse it when you find it is obstructed and sluggishin the veins; cleanse it whenever it is foul,and your feelings will tell you when. Even whereno particular disorder is felt, people enjoy betterhealth, and live longer, for cleansing the blood.Keep the blood healthy, and all is well; but withthis pabulum of life disordered, there can be nolasting health. Sooner or later something must gowrong, and the great machinery of life is disorderedor overthrown. Sarsaparilla has, and deserves much, the reputationof accomplishing these ends. But the worldhas been egregiously deceived by preparations of it,partly because the drug alone has not all the virtuethat is claimed for it, but more because many preparations,pretending to be concentrated extracts ofit, contain but little of the virtue of Sarsaparilla, orany thing else. During late years the public have been misledby large bottles, pretending to give a quart of Extractof Sarsaparilla for one dollar. Most of thesehave been frauds upon the sick, for they not onlycontain little, if any, Sarsaparilla, but often nocurative properties whatever. Hence, bitter andpainful disappointment has followed the use of thevarious extracts of Sarsaparilla which flood themarket, until the name itself is justly despised, andhas become synonymous with imposition and cheat.Still we call this compound Sarsaparilla, and intendto supply such a remedy as shall rescue the namefrom the load of obloquy which rests upon it. Andwe think we have ground for believing it has virtueswhich are irresistible by the ordinary run ofthe disease it is intended to cure. In order tosecure their complete eradication from the system,the remedy should be judiciously taken accordingto directions on the bottle. PREPARED BY  Price, $1 per Bottle; Six Bottles for $5. has won for itself such a renown for the cure of everyvariety of Throat and Lung Complaint, that it is entirelyunnecessary for us to recount the evidence of itsvirtues, wherever it has been employed. As it has longbeen in constant use throughout this section, we neednot do more than assure the people its quality is keptup to the best it ever has been, and that it may be reliedon to do for their relief all it has ever been found to do. FOR THE CURE OF Cassations, Jaundice, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Dysentery,Foul Stomach, Erysipelas, Headache, Piles,Rheumatism, Eruptions and skin Dieses, LiverComplaint, Dropsy, Totter, Tumors and Salt Rheum,Worms, Gout, Neuralgia, as a Dinner Pill, and forPurifying the Blood. Cassations, Jaundice, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Dysentery,Foul Stomach, Erysipelas, Headache, Piles,Rheumatism, Eruptions and skin Dieses, LiverComplaint, Dropsy, Totter, Tumors and Salt Rheum,Worms, Gout, Neuralgia, as a Dinner Pill, and forPurifying the Blood. They are sugar-coated, so that the most sensitive cantake them pleasantly, and they are the best operant inthe world for all the purposes of a family physic. Price, 25 cents per Box; Five boxes for $1.00. Great numbers of Clergymen, Physicians, Statesman,and eminent personages, have lent their names to certifythe unparalleled usefulness of these remedies, butour space here will not permit the insertion of them.The Agents below named furnish gratis OUT AMERICANALMANAC, in which they are given; with also fulldescriptions of the above complaints, and the treatmentthat should be followed for their cure. MERICAN LMANAC Do not be put off by unprincipled dealers with otherpreparations they make more profit on. DemandAYER'S, and take no others. The sick want the bestaid there is for them, and they should have it. YER'S All our Remedies are for sale by THEODORE METCALF &CO., Boston, Boston BREWER, STEVENS &CUSHING, Boston, Boston BROWN &PRICE, Salem; Salem H.H. HAY, Portland; Portland J.N. MORTON &CO., Concord, N.H. Concord, N.H. Sold by Druggists and Dealers in Medicine everywere 6m May 7 

 ☞ Turning away in disgust and shame from theprofligate and hypocritical celebration of the FOURTHOF JULY, which generally characterizes the day, let the real friends of freedom as far as practicable, onMonday next really at Framingham. OURTHOF ULY  The friends of impartial liberty and universalemancipation are invited to attend a MASS METTINGat the commodious and beautiful Grove inFRAMINGHAM, on MONDAY, July 4th, (underthe direction of the Managers of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society) to consecrate the day to thework of braking the fetters of the millions who areyet in this false-hearted and hypocritical nation,groaning in the bondage of chattelism, whose unutterablewrongs are still arying unto Heaven for redress,whose claims on the sympathy and justice of all areconstantly increasing in solemnity and without whoseliberation and rescue there is no possibility of the freedomand propensity of the American republic. An arrangement has been made with the Bostonand Worcester Railread Corporation to convey personsto and from the Grove, on the direct line and thevarious branches connecting therewith, at about halfthe usual price. Eloquent Addresses from distinguished speakerswith Songs, and such Recreation on land and wateras the place abundantly efforts will occupy the day.Among the speakers expected are WM. LLOYD GARRIOSN,WENDELL PHILLIPS THOS. W. HIGGINSON,EDUMUND QUINCY, CHAS. L. REMOND, A.T. Foss,WM. WELLS BROWN, E.H. HEYWOOD, Rev. U.M.FISK, of Taunton, and others. M. LOYD ARRIOSN ENDELL HILLIPS HOS. IGGINSON DUMUND UINCY HAS. EMOND M. ELLS ROWN EYWOOD, ISK, ☞ Special trains of ours, for the Grove, will berun from Boston, Worcester, Millbury, Milford, andNorthboro.' Leave Boston and Worcester at 9.15 o'clock A.M.stopping at Way Stations. Leave Millbury at 8:30.Leave Milford at 9.45; and Northbore' at 9.40. Fares as follows:— Boston to the Grove and back, 70 cts. for adults Worcester" " 25 cts. for children. Millbury, " " Milford and Milford Branch, Northboro' and Marlboro,'Natick Needham Ashland Cordaville, Southboro'and Westbore', to the Grove and back, 60 cts. for adults,30 cts. for children. Grafton to the Grove and back 60 cts. for adults,30 cts. for children. Returning leave the Grove at 5.45 o'clock P.M. The House at the Grove will open for Refreshments. Refreshments. In one of rain, the meeting will be held in WaverleyHall, opposite the Rail Rend Depot, at SouthFramingham. FRANCIS JACKSON. Committee of Arrangements. Committee of Arrangements. WM. LLOYD GARRISON,Committee of Arrangements. Committee of Arrangements. SAMUEL MAY, Jr.,Committee of Arrangements. Committee of Arrangements. HENRY O. STONE.Committee of Arrangements. Committee of Arrangements. CHARLES A. HOVEY,Committee of Arrangements. Committee of Arrangements. 

 MESSRS. FOWLER &WELLS 308 BROADWAY, NEW YORK,Have recently Published. EW ORK Have recently Published. HINTS TOWARDS PHYSICAL PERFECTION,Illustrated $1. NEW RURAL HAND-BOOKS, embracing TheHouse The Garden, the Farm, and DomesticAnimals—in one illustrated volume. $1 50. HAND-BOOKS FOR HOME IMPROVEMENTS;How to Write—How to Talk—How to Behave,and How to Do Business. One vol. $1 50. THE NEW ILLUSTRATED HYDROPATHICENCYCLOP EDIA—the most complete workon the subject. $2 00. THE ILLUSTRATED FAMILY GYMNASIUM—Applied to the development of Body and Mind.$1 25. Messrs. FOWLER &WELLS have all works onPhysiology, Phrenology Hydropathy and the NaturalSciences generally. For sale in Boston by D.P. BUTLER 142 Washington street. June 24. 4w 

 No sooner than he is restored from a long and verydangerous illness, to a state of convalescence does ourlong-tried and unwavering coadjutor, GEORGE THOMPSON,Esq. of England again enter into the area ofReform at home and the field of Philanthropy abroad—bearing a faithful testimony and diligently laboringin behalf of the oppressed and disfranchised workingclasses in England, and the enslaved millions in theUnited States—acting upon the principle of universalbrotherhood and in the spirit of disinterested benevolence.May his days be long in the land! EORGE HOMPSON It will be seen, by referring to our first page, thatan influential meeting of friends of the Anti-Slaverycause was recently held in London the result of whichwas the formation of the 'LONDON EMANCIPATIONCOMMITTEE,' auxiliary to the American Anti-SlaverySociety—Mr. THOMPSON being elected Chairman of it. ONDON MANCIPATION OMMITTEE HOMPSON Amongst the objects to which the Committee willdirect its attention re the following—namely. I. To guard the public of this country against theunwarranted assumption of an Anti-Slavery characterby men of Pro-Slavery tendencies and connectionswho may visit Great Britain whether in a delegatedor other capacity and who may seek to exercise aninjurious influence upon the popular sentiment. II. To protest against the union of the ReligiousBodies of this country with the Pro-Slavery Churchesof America; to recognize and fellowship which churchesis to disfellowship those who deem it their first duty toseparate from them on the ground of their practicallyanti-Christian character. III. To collect and diffuse authentic information uponthe character and extent of slavery generally butwith especial reference to its existence and aspects atthe present time in the United States. IV. To render, according to their ability, assistanceto deserving fugitive slaves who duly recommendedmay visit this country as the representatives of theiroppressed race. V. To correspond and cooperate with kindred Anti-slaveryCommittee and Societies throughout theUnited Kingdom and also with the American Anti-SlaverySociety and such other bodies abroad as mayhave the same objects in view. VI. To extend a welcome to all Visitors to thiscountry accredited by or belonging to the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society or its auxiliaries and to affordthem all the aid in its power for prosecution oftheir labors in behalf of the slave. VII. That this Committee shall hold on each returningAnniversary of the Abolition of British ColonialSlavery a Public Meeting in this metropolis, forthe purpose of celebrating that great event and ofadopting such measures as may appear at the time expedientand necessary for the promotion of the causeof Negro Emancipation, more especially in the UnitedStates of America; such Meeting to be hold on thefirst of August. We are rejoined and strengthened to know that (inthe language of Mr. THOMPSON) 'the principles andspirit of the America Anti-Slavery Society havefound a local habitation and a name in the city ofLondon.' Many numerous friends and supportersrally around the 'Emancipation Committee'! HOMPSON 

 CONTANINS portraits of Dr. W.A. Alcott, D.R.Simmons, M.D., and Robert Allyn; Letter to aDyspeptic; Organization, Life and Mind; Remarkableable Retribution; Self Esteem; Practical Phrenology;Self-Reliance; Longevity among English Quakers;Importance of Sleep; Formation of Opinions;Woman. ONTANINS Young men, and others, who would 'Rise in theWorld' and make the most of themselves shouldread this Journal. Only $1 a year. Address FOWLER&WELLS, No. 308 Broadway, New York, or42 Washington street, Boston. 

 LIKENESS of DR. GMALINL BAILEY. By a singularcoincidence, a very finely executed likeness of DrBAINLY, (for the particulars of whose death, seeanother column) drawn by F.D Avignon, has justbeen published by C.H, BRAINARD, 7 Tremont Row,Boston, which is pronounced an admirable portraitureby those most familiar with Dr. B.'s features. Itought to find many purchasers among the numerousfriends and patrons of the deceased.  It is the samesize as that of Seward, Sumner, Hale, and Giddings. IKENESS of R. MALINL AILEY. AINLY RAINARD, LONG ARTICLES,' THAT WILL REPAY A THOROUGHPERUSAL. The Liberator, his week, has a numberof long articles, and therefore loss variety than usual;but they are all deserving the almost attention. Theeloquent commentary upon the Dred Scott Decisoin—'Fair Play in the School-House'—Wolves in Sheep'sClothing'—the Proceedings of the London EmancipationCommittee—the article upon the late JosephSturge, of England—and the extracts from an articleon the condition of Woman, in the Edinburgh Reviewfor April—are all pregnant with interest andvital force.  The way to appreciate a paper is to readit methodically and not bestow upon its contentsa few hasty glances. ONG RTICLES,' THAT WILL REPAY A THOROUGHPERUSAL. Liberator 

 No. 3 1/2 BEACH STREET, No. BEACH STREET (Near Washington Street,) BOSTON. PICTURE FRAMES made of every variety plainand ornamental for Oil Paintings, Engravingsand Photographs. ICTURE Gilding in all its branches, executed with neatnessand despatch. Oil Paintings cleaned and varnished. Old Frames handsomely re-gilt. A28 6w 

 THE MEETINGS At WORCESTER have we understandbeen continued through five Sundays to thepresent time. Charles L. Remond has attendedthem the last two Sundays, and done good service tothe cause by his ability and coloquence. Next SundayJuly 3d. A.T. Foss will be in attendance withS.S. Foster and Joseph A. Howland.  The meetingsare hold at Brimley Hall, in the afternoon and evening. HE EETINGS At 

 DR. SEPH ROGERS, being about to returnfrom Paris where he had spent several monthsin medical observation will resume after July 1,1850 the medical superintendence of this Institution. R. May 27. 3m 

 On Thursday of last week, the New HampshireHouse of Representatives voted to adopt a PersonalLiberty Bill—134 to 101—making it unlawful to arrest,imprison, or carry out of the State may fugitiveslave—the penalty for the first offence being imprisonmentin the State Prison and less than five years, andfor the second during life. The next day, the Hence'backed down' from its 'higher law' position in thefollowing cowardly and disgraceful manner. The bill for the protection of Personal Liberty cameup on its passage to a third reading. Mr. BRYANT, of Concord, (the Speaker.)  I movethat this bill be indefinitely postponed.  It may seemsingular, Mr. Speaker, and gentleman, in this stage,that I should make the motion I do, since the circumstancesunder which this bill has been brought beforethe House are not perfectly known to me.  But, Mr.Speaker, I feel that it is a duty which I owe to my ownself-respect to oppose, by all means, and with whateverinfluence I have, or may have, the passage ofthe bill. I entertain so high a respect for the Committeesfrom whom it emanates, that I cannot doubtthe purity or the patriotism by which they have beeninfluenced in bringing it before the House, but I havean intimation, form one or more members of that Committees,which convinces me that their judgments havenot been the judgments of the majority, or that Committeecould never have subscribed to the policy, thejustice, or the right of that bill. It introduces a doctrineand sets up a policy which I think meet dangerousto be introduced into my State of this confederacy. I am one of those who do not believe that it is theright of the Legislatures of any single State to ultimatelyand finally upon the constitutionality of alaw of Congress. I believe the wisdom of the framersof this government has provided a tribunal for theproper adjudications of such questions, and that thatis the tribunal of last resort. There is no safety forus as a Stat, or as a government, if we allow ourselvesto tread upon the dangerous ground of nullification. Inever did land myself to such a doctrine whom it waspromulgated from the South, and I never will whenit comes from the North. I know there is a law todayupon the national statute book directly in conflictwith this bill, and all its provisions. It is not for meto say whether that law is constitutional or not, andwhether I, as a of New Hampshire, will renderobedience to it or not, because every citizen maychoose for himself whether he will obey any law, ordisobey it, and suffer the prescribed penalty; andmany of us here, in New Hampshire, would not hesitateone moment to choose, were the alternative presentedto us. But we should do the one or the other withoutcomplaining, or at least without raining a handin rebellion against the laws of the United States.Whenever this subject can be reached in a properform, and at a proper time, I should be willing to expressmy opinions upon the merits of the fugitiveslave law, but most certainly I think that New Hampshirehas never yet taken a final step in this direction.New Hampshire may well pause upon the thresholdof that door through which she is solicited to pass. Ido not believe the sober second thought of the Legislaturewill approve of this bill. The only apology forit upon earth is, that it may be regarded as an expressionof the indignation with which the people of NewHampshire look upon the fugitive slave law. Thatthe fugitive slave law own ever have any force in NewHampshire is an idle dream, which no intelligent mancan for a moment entertain. The Constitution of theUnited States, and the laws proved in pursuance thereofwhich are judged constitutional by the SupremeCourt of the United States, are, I understand, the Supremelaws of this land, any enactment of a State tothe contrary not withstanding. Therefore, if we shouldattempt to enforce such a law as is here proposed, weshould be placing ourselves in direct antagonism withthe general government. I see no wisdom in this law.I see in it nothing but mischief, nothing but theworst policy which could be adopted by the State.The people of this State are not prepared for, and donot believe in revolution. They believe in obedienceto the government and the laws, and in that sobersecond thought of the people which corrects all errors.They believe in the enlightened, civilized sentimentof the people, in that moral sentiment which isrolling in here in New Hampshire, in the Northwest,and on the fertile and flowery prairies of the distantWest, and all over every part of our country, which isrighting the public sentiment of the nation, andwill, but a few years hence, place all legislation at theCapitol of the land on the ground of moral sentimentand moral right. That is what the people of NewHampshire believe in; not in resisting by the bayonetwhat they does to be an unconstitutional law, or anyunwise set of Congress; or I do not read aright thepopular sentiment of this State. For one, I say, I believein nothing like these violent measures, and cannotsuffer this bill to pass without any solemn protestagainst it. In all its length and breadth, in every provision,line and syllable, I dissent from it, believingthat it is impolitic, unwise, and unconstitutional. Mr. FITON, of Manchester, desired to offer an amendment,but it was not in order, pending the motion to postpone. ITON Mr. SHIRLIY, of Andover, said he fully concurredin the remarks of the gentleman who had precededhim. The subject was brought before the Committeeon petitions, numerously signed, and among those whoappeared before the Committee to urge the matter wereParker Pillsbury, Isaac Case and Andrew Foss. Twoof these men at least admitted that the bill was in divertviolation of the Constitution of the United States,which this House had worn to support; but theycontended that, believing the Constitution of the UnitedStates to be wrong, they were justified in tramplingit under foot. They said the Constitution of theUnited States would do well enough in little mattersof interest among us, but ought not to be observed atall when great questions of right are in issue—that thehigher law, so high as to be above oaths and abovehonor, ought to be observed rather than the lower lawof the Constitution, and laws of the land. He washedthe hands of every Domerset in the House of thismeasure. He understood that over the Republicanson the Committee doubted the propriety of bringingthe bill here, and why it was reported he did notknow. He trusted the New Hampshire Legislaturewas not yet so steeped in madness and fanaticism as totake the ground of these gentlemen, and with theoath of God upon them to commit perjury. Even fanaticalMassachusetti, which went down to the depthsof 'isms,' and stood side by side with South Carolinain repudiating her obligations to the federal government—even Massachusetts refused last session to perjureherself with this bill. It was too 'black for Massachusetts;they should not stain the reputation ofNew Hampshire with it. It was midnight treason,and the blackest perjury. HIRLIY Mr. MASON, of Moultonboro', proceeded in a writtenspeech to oppose the bill. ASON Mr. CRAGIN, of Lebanon—Mr. Speaker, if thismotion to indefinitely postpone the bill had been urgedupon grounds that I could have endorsed, I shouldnot have risen in my place to make any remarks onthis occasion. If the argument used had been thatwe were so near the close of the session, that we couldnot properly consider this subject—or I might sayany subject—and that in our little State of New Hampshire,there is no proving occasion for any bill of thiskind, I should have quietly voted for the postponement;but, sir, when reasons are given which my votemight seem to endorse, I cannot remain silent. Thedoctrine advanced this forenoon, that the Supremeis, to all intents and purposes, beyond all question,either of the State authorities or the people, Irepudiate and deny.  I held that the Fugitive SlaveLaw is unconstitutional, and I take concision hereto-day to any it boldly.  I claim that the Republicanparty, as a party, considers that law unconstitutional.And, for myself, I will be no more bound by the decisionof the Supreme Court, that I would by theopinion of an equal number of men, equally wellqualified to judge in matters of that kind. RAGIN I say I may be bound in my action, but I will notbe bound to maintain silence; I will not be bound notto enter my protest against such doctrines. Gentlemenseem in haste—some of them seem in haste to announcetheir opposition to this measure, and sentimentshave been uttered here so utterly repugnant to myfeelings of humanity and brotherly love, that I feelcompelled to repudiate them. I deny that the SupremeCourt is the sole judge of Constitutional questions.Congress has much power to determine theconstitutionality of its own acts as the Supreme Court.Thomas Jefferson and Gen. Andrew Jackson held thesame doctrine.  Jefferson maintained that the SupremeCourt was the most dangerous element of government—that it was a corps of sapper and miners,working by day and by night to undermine the principlesupon which the government in founded—and upto the day of his death, he warned his country againstthe encroachment of that Court. While I could not vote for the bill in its presentshape, I do believe some legislation might be had uponthe subject which would be proper, legal and constitutional.I acknowledge allegiance to the Constitutionof the United States, and that I am bound by it,and the laws of the United States; but, at the sametime, I claim that the States of this Union have somerights, so well as the federal government. I look withalarm upon the encroachments of the central power ofthis government, and this tendencies of the times tosteal power from the many, to deposit with the few.I see power slipping away from the people gradually,and centering in the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates. I believe that the States of the Union have a rightto protect their own citizens against any law that maybe enacted to deprive them of their civil rights. Ishall probably vote for the motion to postpone indifintely,but I shall do so distinctly repudiating theidea that we have no right to question any decision ofthe Supreme Court of the United States, or law of thefederal government. I say again, I deny the constitutionalityof the Fugitive Slave Law, and attachno more importance to a decision of that Court thanI would to an opinion of an equal number of menequally well qualified to judge on a matter of thiskind. I had hoped that the matter might have beenpostponed quietly at least till the next session, andthat we might not raise this exciting topic of debate atthis time, when other matters are waiting our consideration. Mr. BRYANT, of Concord, (the Speaker,)— I amglad, Mr. Chairman, that we do not differ as to theimpolicy of forcing such a bill through the House. Ido not understand that I have taken the position, orthat any other gentleman has taken a position of denyingour right to question, or to entertain opinionsupon the correctness of decisions of any court or tribunalin the land. But when the gentleman goesfurther, and says he places no more reliance upon thedecisions of the Supreme Court than on the opinions ofother men, if he means that no more vitality and forceattach to those decisions, then I differ with him intoto, beginning, middle and end. I do not endorseany such doctrine here or elsewhere: I never did, andI never shall. I utterly deny that Thomas Jeffersonor Andrew Jackson, or either of them, ever endorsedit at any time or place. RYANT They both stood upon the impregnable groundwhich I stand upon to-day, of asserting the right ofevery co-ordinate branch of government to construethe Constitution, equally with the Supreme Court.And when nullification reared its hydra-head in SouthCarolina, Andrew Jackson took the ground that thedecisions of the Supreme Court, and the laws of Congress,were binding upon the sovereign States, uponthe legislatures, and upon the people. If this be notthe true doctrine, upon what an uncertain sea are wedrifting! We are drifting at large upon an unknownsea, with a lee-shore of rocks at hand. I believe inno such doctrine. So long as the Fugitive Slave Lawremains unrepealed, having the sanction of the SupremeCourt, although it does not bind Congress orthe Executive, which are co-ordinate branches, it doesbind individuals and State legislation. Therefore,while I am glad the gentleman from Lebanon agreesin the propriety of postponement, I repudiate hisdoctrine as fully as he does mine. Mr. SMITH, of Manchester, said he did not want hismotives misconstrued.  He was willing to have thismatter postponed. He introduced the first petitionfor this bill as he would for dissolution of the Union,for he believed in the sacred right of petition. Hedenied that the petitioners had said this bill was incontravention of the Constitution of the United States.The bill was not before the Committee until after thehearing. he was inclined to think the bill is not inall respects comformable to the Constitution; but ifthere had been time, it might have been properlyamended. This debate would have the effect of showingthat the Republican party was the true Unionparty. His friend from Andover had stigmatized the'Kingdom of South Carolina' as a disunion State, yethis party voted with that State for President. TheSouth disregarded the federal against the slave-trade,and some of the recently kidnapped Africansmight find their way into this State. This proposedlaw would, if passed, be a protection to them. Hereferred to the divisions of the Democratic party onthe subject of slavery in the Territories. If the Stateswere chargeable with nullifying the laws of the generalgovernment, was not the government equallychargeable with nullifying the laws of the States?But he rejoiced that the States had the remedy intheir own hands. MITH Mr. GREENLEAF, of Portsmouth, was hardly willingto consider this subject in a serious light, and doubtedwhether the Committee was in earnest in reportingthe bill. He spoke of the legislation of other Stateson this subject, and remained the Republicans thatNew Hampshire had once passed a personal libertybill, and afterwards repealed it on the ground that itwas unconstitutional. He proceeded to argue thatthis bill is unconstitutional, quoting various legal decisionsin celebrated fugitive slave cases. Mr. SHIRLEY, of Andover, said he only desired tocorrect the statements of Mr. Smith. The petitionersat the hearing referred to this bill distinctly whenthey admitted that it was contrary to the Constitutionof the United States. He was not going to advocateor defend the re-opening of the slave-trade, butthought the Republicans would do well to abandonEli Thayer, and go in for wiping out slavery in blood. HIRLEY Mr. PILLSBURY, of Henniker, referred to the repealof the old personal liberty bill, which he held wasdone by order of the South, because it was being usedthere to the damage of Gen. Pierce. Judge Morton,of Georgia, came on to see it done, and sat in the gallery,and overlooked the calling of the roll by whichthe offensive statue was wiped out. He went, likeGen. Jackson, 'for the Constitution as I understand it.' ILLSBURY Mr. FITCH, of Manchester, said his amendment wssimply to repeal the Constitution of the United States,and annul all the Acts of Congress inconsistent withthis act. He felt like protesting against the Republicansturning the cold shoulder in this way on theirold friend Foss. This was, in this opinion, the mostinfamous bill ever introduced, but he would not sayso, because he would not transgress the rules of propriety. Hehoped Democrats would let the 'Happyfamily' settle is themselves. ITCH Mr. WARLEIGH, of Milford, was not satisfied withthis bill—it was too broad in its provisions—but hecould not assent to all that had been said against iteven by Republican members. He believed that thefugitive slave law is unconstitutional, and the mostatrocious enactment that ever disgraced a nation. Noman in the house would undertake to carry out itsinhuman provisions. The Supreme Court could notbind his opinion of the Constitution; and he asked hisDemocratic friends, if they intended to be slumpbound by the decisions of the supreme Court, whitewas-to because of their platform of popular sovereignity?They had made squatter sovereignty speeches,while cut on the stump, which were as full of treasonand nullification as any speeches in favor of this bill.The Supreme Court will seen declare that CongressDemocrats of New Hampshire be bound by such ads.on the table. Last. ARLEIGH Mr. CRAGIN, of Labomen, said he thought the billwas unconstitutional, but it was not treason to question the constitutionality of an act of Congress, or thecorrectness of a decision of the Supreme Court. RAGIN The vote was taken on postponing the bill indefinitely,and declared to be carried in the affirmative Mr. PARKER, of Welfborough, demanded the youand says, and the rell of the House was called, resolving:Yeas, 277; nays 18. So the bill was indefinitely postponed. ARKER 

 On Saturday, June 18th, A FULL Report of the Woman's Rights Meetingat Mercantile Hall.  For sale at URBINO'S,19 Winter street, Boston. Booksellers and others are requested to supplythemselves from him. 

 EARLVILLE, La Salle County, Ill. ARLVILLE MY DEAR MR. MAY:— Y EAR R. AY It has been a long time, since I have communicatedor co-operated to say worthy extent, with the friendsof the American Anti-Slavery Society in the great andgood work which they are no energetically and faithfullycarrying forward. I regret very much that thisshould have been the case, on account of the goodwhich I have lost, as well as the good I night havedone, however small is amount; for I shall ever regardthe time in which I was associated, in a humbleway, with the Anti-Slavery friends, as the most profitableperiod of my life. But I hope, if you have not forgotten me altogether,that you have not entertained, for a moment, the ideathat I might have lost myself, and have been pickedup by some piratical craft of Church or State, andhad forgotten my old friends, and the cause which Iso ardently supposed in my boyhood. For, notwithstandingthis long silence, isolation from the abolitionists,and inactivity on my part, it has been a punishedresuperative experience and anti-slavery growth tome; and, though living in one of the most pro-slaverycommunities in northern Illinsis, I have endeavoredto exert, upon all occasions, in season and out ofseason, by word and deed, a positive anti-slavery influence.I have for five years kept constantly uponmy table, in my office, in a conscious place, a pileof Anti-Slavery Tracts, such as you have been distributinggratuitously. When I first came to live in this town, five youage, I came very near 'getting thrashed' by a gooddemocratis friend for making an anti-slavery speech.At that time, there was not, to my knowledge, a singleabolitionist besides myself in town. A miserablepro-slavery, whiskey democracy was the best and onlytype of politics, and a single old School PresbyterianChurch, of the most hunkerish character, had chargeof the spiritual and religious interests of the peopleNow we have a large Republican majority in politics,a free church where anti-slavery is peached andprayed every Sunday, and which was occupied by Mr.Foss last winter, and which can be used at any timefor anti-slavery lectures; and, what is best of all, wehave five subscribers to the Liberator, who as tosubscribers to its principles. Liberator We were very glad that the Executive Committeewere able to send Mr. Fees to Illinesis last winter. Althoughthe condition of the reads was such, most ofthe time, as to prevent as good attendance upon tomeetings as would otherwise have been the case, yethis labors must have a marked influence in preparingthe way for the organization of a State Society, auxiliaryto the American Anti-Slavery Society, which wehope will net be delayed longer than the comingfall or winter. Too much attention cannot be givenin my opinion, by your agents, to the organizationof auxiliary Anti-Slavery Societies to the American.If our organizations were complete in every State, andevery county of the Free States, we should be able tosecure and concentrate a greater amount of supperpesuniary and otherwise, which is now comparitivelyunfelt, or wasted upon Republican campaigns, for thelack of a more worthy object. A great deal is life tonot Bring at hand to receive when there is a readinessto give. The $350,000 annually paid into the AmericanTract Society shows the importance and utility of acomplateand universal organizations, of being ready to takewhat there my be a willingness to give. I am wellaware of the first requisite, to have the anti-slaverysentiment to organize; but, in a practical point ofview, it is no less important to have an organizationto put abolitionists into, as fast as they are converted;for they generally come out of some pro-slavery expantion,and there is great danger of their going back, ifthere is no better to receive them. I really long, when I read the notices of your Conventions,to be with you at those gatherings, to seeand hear the noble men and women, who, with incessantlabor and great sacrifice, are spending their havein the cause of truth and human freedom. I venerateand almost worship them; and when I remember thatI may not be permitted to see them again on earth,and that others, perhaps again 'the manliest of ye all,'may be called soon to follow our lamented friendsEllis Gray Loring, Arnold Buffum, and Charles I.Hovey, to that mysterious life beyond the grave, myhope well nigh fails me; for who—ah! who can makegood their places? But I must close. Enclosed please find twenty dollars,the amount of my pledge toe the American Anti-Slavery Society. Yours truly, AJ. GROVER. 

 AIR—America. IR America. I. Some of the boasted free,Who price your liberty'Bove Southern trade;Look to your fathers graves,Filled by your country's braves:—Be ruled no more by knaves,You've masters made.       You've masters made. II. Light up again the flresOnce kindled by your siresIn Freedom's cause;Where has that spirit fledWhich moved those heroes dead,Before which tyrants sped,'Mid loud huzzas?       III. Let all who would be men,By deed, and tongue, and pen,Join hand in hand;Swear that on Pilgrim soil,Where hardy freemen toil,The tyrant's power to spoil,They'll firmly band.       IV. Let all who join in the prayer—Here, Lord, a place prepareFor Freedom's home:Where sleep our honored dead,No'er may a despot tread,'The good time come!      Boston, June 21, 1859. JUSTITIA. USTITIA. 

 The following paragraph appeared, editorially, inthe last number of the 'Banner of Light,' (a papermainly devoted to Spiritualism.) which, from its commencementtill now, has made 'light' of the wrongsand sufferings of those who are groaning in the Southernhouse of bondage:— Banner of Light Frederick Douglas, publisher of a reform weeklynewspaper in Rochester, N.Y., is rather severe, inhis last issue, on Spiritualists, because they do notplunge head and shoulders into his favorite reformrabid Anti-Slavery. The Anti-Slavery movement, ina 'militant attitude, aims a blow only at one branchof error; while Spiritualism, in an anti-militant attitude,aims a blow at all error. militant This is the very sent of those clerical trimmers whooppose and decry every specific reform upon the pleathat 'the gospel' is the grand instrumentality for doredemption of the world. Very different in spirit is the following extract of aletter from MARY F. DAVES, wife of ANDREW JASONDAVES, dated Waukengan, Ill., June 9, and publishedin the last number of the Spiritual Telegraph:— ARY AVES NDREW ASON AVES Spiritual Telegraph We regretted not having been in New York toattend the May anniversaries. These especially whichrepresent the Anti-Slavery and Woman's Rightssocieties claim, and must ever claim, our sincerest interest,and, as far as possible, our hearty co-operation.Surely, while there are four millions of African showsand thirteen millions of American slaves in this blendbought Republic—this 'New Atlantis,' which by allthat is God-like in man and women should be, butis not, 'the land of the free and the home of thebrave'—while human souls, environed with flesh andblood, and throbbing with tender human sympathiesare thrust like cattle upon the suction-block at theSouth, and human souls, bearing the should-be sacredform of wife and mother, are crushed under the heavyhand of legal and domestic despotism in the Northhow should the heart of every SPIRITUALIST respondin glad and grateful sympathy to the brave efforts ofthe noble vanguard in behalf of these oppressedmillions! Let us rejoice in the names and deeds ofsuch as Parker, and Garrison, and Phillips, and AbbyKelley, and Lucy Stone. How earnestly have staywrought, they and their coadjutors, for the freedomand welfare of humanity! In the silent deep of allgrant souls, and in the future of our redeemed nationtheir memory shall glow like the clear light of stars. PIRITUALIST 

 We mourn thy absence, yet believeThat somewhere thou are blest;If there are human hearts that grieve,Thou'rt siding the opprest.    I know that perfect harmonyPervades wise Nature's plan,Therefore thy rounded soul o'en nowMust work for fallen man.    Thou wore, on earth, a brighter crownThan ever kings had known;The gems were each a noble deed,And, O! how bright they shone!    If goodness fills the soul with joy,Thou must be happy now,As Peace, with white, pure wing of love,Is folded on thy brow.    So let me live, that when friends bearThis body to the grave,My deeds have blest my fellow-men—Tis all I ask or crave.    Richfield, N.Y. DANIEL HITCHINCS. ANIEL ITCHINCS. 

 'Do you not suppose that many of the slaves, whomyou may are so well treated, in the main, citizensmeet with great cruelty and wrong?' 'Oh you,' answered my fair-haired friend; 'ofcomes they do, and so do your poor laboring classeson the North. I have known some very cruel thingsto my day.' 'Very likely; but suppose you tax your memory alittle, and see if you can find in all your experience inNew England, which you say lasted twenty-fiveyears, any thing that will match the first sense of outragethat you remember as having happened duringthe last four years in which you have sojourned at theSouth.' The pleasant lady hesitated; a cloud passed everher fair smooth brow. Evidently a painful thoughtwas tagging at her heart. She bit her beautiful lip,and twirled the crimson tassel of her double gownround her fore finger. Come,' said I, 'tell me what it is. You have assertedthat I do not understand the people of theSouth; that they are misrepresented and belied;that the slaves fare will and are happy. Now, thereas a powerful memory asking for utterance, and—' 'Your question has put me to thinking,' she exclaimedas she drew her delicately slippered feet upon the safe, and clasped her arms about her Kansas, inan attitude of easy confidence. 'I was born andbrought up in Vermont. At fifteen years of age, Inew dissatisfied with what seemed the dull routineof homework, and went to Lowell, and entered a factory.Being a quick, ingenious hand, I made goodwages, and at eighteen had laid up enough on interestto help me to go to Mount Holyoke to school. Fatherwas not rich, but he did what he could for me, and attwenty-two I left the institution with a good nameand a pretty good education. I soon get a situationas teacher in my native State, taught two years, andthen went to Brattleboro to spend a vacation. ThereI met Mr. Warder, who was, as you may guess, captivated.I because his wife, and have spent four yearsin the South, enjoying every luxury that wealth canprocure and the highest degree of happiness that themost devoted affection can bestow. 'My husband is kind to his slaves to a fault; buthe says he cannot bear to deprive them of any thingthat they wish, because he feels that all they demandis not an equivalent for their labor. Still, he does notsee how he one better their condition, and I try tothink they are better off than if free. You see how itis; we don't see how we can help ourselves. But allthis is irrelevant to the question under discussion. 'Your question sent me back into the past, and Ido not remember any thing worse that ever happenedat the neighborhood where I lived than the severewhipping of a hired girl. My father was Justice ofthe Peace, and the woman who committed this offencesagainst the peace and majesty of the goodState of Vermont was brought before him, and I waspresent at the examination. The little sufferer's dresswas removed, and, though but one night had peaced,only a few red marks were found upon the littlebody. The child was taken from the inhuman wretch,and a fine imposed which was heavy to bear, for thewoman was poor. I do not recollect now that a singleperson in the town took sides with the woman; evenher own brothers censured her severely, and said nochild ought to be bound to her, for it was sure to comeout had. 'Now, said she, 'let me tell you a tale of horror.Hanash, put down those curtains, and shut out thisbeautiful spring sunlight. I feel as though I couldnot talk with the glare of light in my face, whensuch black deeds are to be told. Just after I came South—(you may go to the kitchen,Hannah)—one of the daughters of Col. Stroes,who lived in a splendid mansion just outside of ourcity, and was counted the richest man in town, lest ademand ring. The ring was of great value, and ofcourse its loss created great excitement in the household.Miss Julis remembered distinctly having laidit is her casket on a certain evening, after a ball, andno one knew where she kept those things but hermother and sisters, and her maid Myra, a pretty mulattogirl of about sixteen. Myra was very fond ofdress, and had often spoken her praises, in most lavishterms, of the sparkling gem on Miss Julia's finger. After all due search had been made, she was calledup and questioned, but desired any knowledge of theaffair. Col. Stroes, who was called a hard master,told her, in the most peremptory manner, that if shehad not find it, she should be punished for her carelessnessin allowing her mistres's things to be stolen,as she had nothing else to do but take care of them.This so frightened the poor girl, and her languagewas so incoherent, that the conviction at once settledon their minds that she was the culprit, and she wasimmediately ordered to the yard, to be whipped tillshe acknowledged her guilt. The overseer of theplantation, which lies some three miles from thehouse, was a brutal man, (my husband says they allare, that no man but a brute will take such an office,)so the poor girl tied to the poet and whipped tillshe fainted.' 'Oh! my God, what wretchdness!' I exclaimed. 'They brought her to and asked her to tell whatshe had done with the diamond, but she still deniedany knowledge of the matter; and she was looked upand starved till the next day. And when broughtout again and questioned, she denied having touchedMiss Julia's diamond. Another whipping more severethan the first followed, and when they took her fromthe past, she was one gore of blood, from her neck toher heels. Hannah's husband was one of ColonelStress's men. Then my husband bought him to pleaseHannah's, and he told us all about it. She was carriedto her mother when in this state, and the old womenas her indignation gave the overseer a piece of hersaid, for which she got a 'slashing' as they call it,assurely less severe. But to make a long story short,' said the speaker,with a hasky voice, and her hands twitching nerverly'Myra, after a week of delirium and fever,died, and the old woman hung herself with the end ofthe clothes line, in her own cabin, by the side of herdead child.' The fair browed lady had a heart, for she laid herhand in her hands, and wept convuleively. I did notweep.  I had heard too many such tales of sorrow;but I not silent, with an aching at my heart-strings,that tears would have relieved. When the burst of feeling had subsided, she raisedher head. 'Was nothing over heard of the diamond,' asked I. 'Yes, nearly a year went by, and Miss Julia had occasionto wear the came rich, blue velvet dress, thathad been the admiration of all the company at theaforementioned ball, when, putting her hand in herpocket, lo! the diamond ring!' Now she remembered distinctly, that her ring wastoo large for her finger, and not wishing to pull hergive ever it, she had aliped it into her pocketWenry with the fatigue of the evening, and crasedwith the fletters of the hour, she had forgotten thecircumstance, and only remembered having put it intoher casket on the evening before.' What was done about it?' Nothing, of course; very few heard of the matter,for no one had seen Myra whipped that had a whiteface. Col. Stross swore the diamond had cost himthree times its value, and threatened to turn off theoverseer, but did not. Miss Julia felt pretty bad, forshe thought a good deal of her maid; but she seenfurnished her diamonds as gaily as ever.' 'And yet you say they are kindly treated, and betteroff than if free.' 'What else can I say? God help me—I have notstrength enough to say aught else. [Extract from Notes of Travel.] 

 Prescnted with a Contribution of One Cent, for theFourth of July Celebration in Painesvilla. Prescnted with a Contribution of One Cent, for theFourth of July Celebration in Painesvilla. BY DR. DANIEL MANN. Here, take my penny—thus I payMy seot for Independence Day.This paltry coin of metal baseMy just proportion overpays,For all the glory of our 'Fourth'To me is less than nothing worth.      But since your cause I thus befriend,Let me advise how you shall spend—Long since I learn'd this rule by heart,'Fools and their money quickly part.'Therefore, your folly to prevent,I give my counsel with my cent.      First, sort and reckon up your cash,Rejecting buttons and such trash,Your doubtful bills and pewter dimesMay come in play some future times'So, keep them in your private purse—I've known as honest men do worse.      Next, in three parts divide the sum,To purchase powder, herrings, rum;In thirst and drunkenness and noise,Each patriot well the day employs;A hundred fools will point the spotWhere powder may be cheaply got;A hundred drunkards all aroundWill show the shops where rum is found;Or, if the drunkards should be mum,'Follow your nose,' you'll find the rum.          If music, dinner, and orationAre wanted for the celebration,Drums, fifes and orators you'll findDirt cheap, or gratis, to your mind;For dinner, let all jovial souls,With weighty purse, repair to Cowles,And those who empty wallets bear,Dine at their homes, on humbler fare.        For orator, be not too nice,A third-rate lawyer will suffice,With limber tongue and little sense,To honor, not the least pretence;Prompt with his pettifogging aidWhere basest service best is paid—The vile rumsellers' cunning tool,But for all nobler arts a fool;Base, crawling vermin of the bar,Such you may find, nor travel far.          A chaplain, too, will be of use,Sleek, soft and smooth, 'sound on the goose' —A compound strange—saint, knave and fool—Manhood's disgrace, and slavery's tool;If you can find no such in town,To Cleveland send for person Brown.      Then, while the noblest of your raceIn prison pine with felons base,And you yourselves, if you but dareTo act like men, their doom may share;While louder than your loudest cheersThe slave-whip whizzes round your cars;Each breeze that bids your banners waveBears sighings of the tortured slave;And o'er each hill, and plain and flood,Stained with the flying bondman's blood,Comes woman's shrieks, and childhood's wall,While baying bloodhounds scent the trail.While all this baseness, sin and shamePollutes your land, and stains your name,Drink, shout and revel as you may,And boast your 'Independence Day.'               Disgrace defiles your daintiest fare;Dishonor taints your vital air;Shame grins and mocks you as you dine;Scorn flashes in your sparkling wine;And ghostly sires of honest fameLook on their sordid some with shame      With such vile terms I'm not content—I'll have no share—GIVE BACK MY CENT!  

 WORCESTER, June 24, 1859. FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON I make haste to inform you that we have at last ananti-slavery church: thoroughly and consistentlyso too, as far as its resolutions are concerned.  Thefollowing resolutions were presented by Homer B.Sprague, the accomplished Principal of our HighSchool, at the annual meeting of our Salem streetChurch in this city, and discerned at that and twosucceeding meetings had by adjournment for thatpurpose; when they were, last evening, after the fullestdiscussion and explanation, unanimously adopted: Whereas, American slavery is the 'sum of allvillains'; therefore, Resolved, That we renounce all church association,connection and fellowship with slaveholders, and withall who in any manner knowingly and penitentlyuphold or countenance slavery. Resolved, That all laws for the export of slaveryare iniquitous, and therefore ant morally binding. Received, That our prayers and sympathies are withthose Christians now imprisoned at Cleveland, Ohio,for their noble conduct in rescuing a fugitive slavefrom the man-stealers; and that we humor them fortheir fidelity to God and man. Resolved, That so long as Jesus Christ in the personof the slave, is forced to perform unpaid laborupon Southern plantations,—is cold upon the auction-blackto the highest bidder,—is scourged for righteousness'sake,—is pursued with chaina, pistols andbloodhounds, in escaping to a free country,—so long itis the duty of his professed followers to rains theirvoice, and yield all their influence to destroy theabomination; and the individual or the church thatintentionally fails to do this must be trusted by usas none of His. These resolutions are clear, explicit and sweepingagainst the inners, and, if actually put in three, willshow one church to be, in so much, a Christian body,worthy of the name, which is an anomaly among thechurches of this land. Some opposition was made to them, and substituteswere proposed that condemned the sin, while they 1stthe sinner stand as a Christian. These failing to bereceived, the opposition tried to amend them bystriking out of the first the words 'association' andconnection,' but this failed also. The opposition was led openly and boldly byCharles White, (State Auditor,) on the ground thatthe resolutions were impracticable and impossible, asif carried out, they would out off every other churchin the city and in the State, if not in the denomination;and this church could not maintain its existenceon such a basic. He was willing to denounce the sin,in the sever ant terms, but when he came to deal withthe sinner, he desired to deal cautiously and gently;and it would not do to try to separate from all 'connection'with them; it would be impracticable anddisastrous. The pastor of the church, Merrill Richardson, whohas heretofore preached and talked strong abut-slaveryduring the year and a half that he has been cot tiedever this church, seemed a little taken abackto find that nay of his members should think ofmaking practical application of his teachings; it wasapparently rather more than he had bargained for;and he cautioned them against to rashly making specificapplication of general principle—sit was difficult,and needed great caution, prudence, and abundanceof Christian charity; we could not withdraw from allconnection with sinners without taking ourselves outof the world, and we must not try to do too much. The resolutions were ably, boldly and clearly sustainedby the mover, Mr. Sprague, by S.K. Heywood,and W. Allen, with come others. It was really refreshingto hear the clear and bold argumentation ofthe strongest anti-slavery sentiments and action bythese young men, and to see how nobly they stoodevery test and mot every point, utterly refusing anycompromise, or toning down, alarming their desire anddetermination to know the right, and then to do it, regardlessof consequents; to make clear their separationfrom slaveholders and their abet corm, if it tookthem from the communion of every other church, orfrom this church itself; and, if need be, to disciplineany member of this church who should sustain theAmerican Board of Mission, the Bible Society, theTract Society, or any other organization that shouldbe shown to sustain slavery; to disfellowship all suchpreachers as Dr. Adams and Dr. Lord, and all suchas should recognize them as Christians. When they come to vote for the resolutions, seriatim,fifteen of the forty members present, (in a churchof two hundred members,) voted for them, and asnone dared to vote nay, it was called of course, aunanimous vote. Mr. Richardson, seeing that the revaluations weresure to pass, cautiously said, that of course they couldbind no one's conscience by adopting the resolutionsneither could they have any ex post facts effect, as thechurch could adopt no nor rule that could bind theaction of present members, who had joined under theold rules, and on the past basis. ex post facts effect It this construction prevails, three resolutions areof course of small worth, and had better not beenpassed. But we shall see. Charles White, seeing their passage to be inevitable,consoled the opposition by saying that the resolutionscould do no harm, as nothing could or would be donewith them; they would not affect their relations withother churches at all, and six months hence it wouldhardly be known. J.A.H. P.S.June 27.—The intention of Mr. Richardsonto respect the revolutions of this church is exemplifiedby the fact that he yesterday put Rev. Mr. Post,the pastor of a church of slaveholders in St. Louis,into his pulpit!! J.A.H. 

 Oh! blessed things are children!The gifts of heavenly love;They stand betwixt our worldly heartsAnd better things above.They link us with the spirit-worldBy purity and truth,And keep our hearts still fresh and young,With the presence of their youth.        

 ☞ A new exploration to be made in Yorubaand Nussa has just been commenced by two coloredmen of the United States, Mr. Robert Campbell andDr. Martin R. Delany. It was at first proposed tohave this company consist of five persons, but, aftermonths of effort the means obtained were found inadequate,and only two have gone. Mr. Campbell left the United States in April, viaEngland, and is to meet Dr. Delany,—who sailedfrom New York in the bark Mendi,—in Liberia, or atLagos on the Coast of Africa. Dr. Delany leaves with the purpose of learning andreporting the real facts as they exist in Africa, andwith the hope of hereafter aiding the African ColonizationSociety to found a new nation near the riverNiger. The bark Mendi was not chartered by the ColonizationSociety, but by a firm of colored men, long residentin New York, Messrs. John D. Johnson, JosephH. Turpin, and Charles H. Dunbar, Who have formeda copartnership for African trade, and taken out alarge cargo. ☞ The Maryland Calumniation Journal May,from which the above extracts are gleaned, makes thefollowing mention of Edmund Garrison Draper, whodied at Cape Palma last December:— Maryland Calumniation Journal 'We have known Mr. Draper from early childhood.His father, Mr. Garrison Draper of Formatstreet. Old Town, well knowns as an honest man andthriving shopkeeper, early destined his son for Liberia,and educated him accordingly. After obtaining a preparatoryeducation in Pennasylvania, he entered DartmouthCollage, in Hanaver. N.H., and passed throughhis collegiate course with credit. On consultationwith his friends, he decided upon the profusion oflaw. Charles Gilman, Beg., one of the Board ofManagers, and a retired member of the BaltimoreBar, very kindly tendered him the was of his library,and consented to give him private instruction. Nothaving advantages of attending the courts in this city,(Baltimore,) he spent the last few months of his studyin the office of Charles Story, Esq., in Boston, andthrough his kindness enjoyed all the advantages ifstudents of his profusions in that city. Previous to his embarkation, Judge Lee, of the SuperiorCourt after an examination, gave him a certificateto the effect that his legal acquirements werevery respectable, and, were it not for his color, wouldentitle him to admixing to the Baltimore Bar.He was of an amiable disposition, very modest and retiring—a good student, possessing a sound and discriminatingmind. 

 ROONSTER,(N.Y.) June 19, 1859. OONSTER FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON I have waited them long since the Waterloo YearlyMeeting of 'Friends of Human Progress,' hoping thatsome other pen than mine would and to the Liberatora report of its proceedings Fearing that othersare waiting for a similar reason, and considering themeeting a great success,—one the influence of whichmust be strongly felt,—I have concluded to give yona brief synopsis, rather than a report, so that yourreaders may at least know that such a meeting hasbeen held. Liberator The good that shall come to us from these meetingsof Progression, its seems to me, an hardly hecomputed. The broadness of that platform, admitting,ting all questions of human interest, is a feature ofgreat merit, and one which I hope will be alwaysprominent. Though I feel and know that the 'Anti-Slaveryreform,' in the words of one of the resolutionoffered at Waterloo, is 'Brat and preeminent,' I alsoknow that there are many other reforms of great magnitude,and that they should net be forgotten. The 'Waterloo Meeting' convened on Friday morning,the 3d of June, at 10 o'clock, and continued insession three days. The attendance was at first large,and greatly increased in size every succeeding session,until on the last day the meeting-house was literallycrammed, and very many were obliged to accommodatethemselves outside the house, as near the doorsand windows as possible. Philip D. Moore, of New-Yark,N.J.was chosen Chairman; H.L.Green, ofCourtland, and Amy Post, of Rochester, N.Y.Secretaries.The Business Committee were Lucy N. Celmanand Frederick Douglass, of Rohester, Mrs.—Halstead, of—, and Jedediah Irish, of Skanesteles.A Committee of Correspondence was also appointed,of which George W. Taylor was chairman. The Chairman opened the meeting by stating in aclear and concise manner its objects, welcoming to itsplatform all of every variety of sentiment, withoutregard to sea or complexion. This session of themeeting was informal to Its close. Many personsspoke 'as the Spirit gave them utterance,' and greatgood-will and earnestness prevailed. George W.Clark, of Rochester, sang several songs, the sentimentsof which were grateful to our hearts. At 12 o'clock, the meeting took a recess of onehour. The hospitality of the good people of Juniusand Waterloo was moat ample, and all were welcomedto an excellent feast, spread in 'picnic' style, in acorner of nature's great dining-room. When the hour arrived for re-assembling, Mr. Clarkagain favored the meeting with a song; some communicatorswere read, among which were excellentletters from James Truman, Truman Smith, Giles B.Stebbins, and from several similar Yearly Meetings.The Business Committee, through their chairman,Mrs. Colman, presented the following resolution: 'Resolved, That first among the prevailing evilsof our country and the world, against which thisMeeting would register its earnest and solemn protest,is the malign and selfish spirit at the bottom of ourreligious organizations, by which a peculiar type ofreligious opinion is made to blot out and overridethe great principles of human brotherhood, makingopinion superior to real excellence, and offering abounty upon hypocrisy and a bribe to conformity.' An animated and interesting discussion upon thisresolution then followed, in which Rev. WilliamH. Hoisington, Frederick Douglass, Philip D. Moore,Lucy N. Colman, George W. Taylor, George W.Clark, and others engaged. The session was full ofinterest up to the hour of adjournment. Saturday morning, at 10 o'clock, the meetingagain assembled. The Business Committee reporteda series of resolutions upon Slavery, the first of which,(a very important one, in my estimation.) making theAnti-Slavery reform 'first and preeminent,' overridingall others, I am not able at this moment to obtain. The following, I believe, are in their order:— Resolved, That the fact that the American slavesystem has existed more than two hundred years, inthe presence of American Christianity, and on termsof concord with it, demonstrates very clearly that suchChristianity has its basis in the pride and avarice ofthe American people, rather than in the authoritativeexpression of the eternal will of God. Resolved, That any religion, theology, or God, whichapproves and sanctions the wild and guilty fantasy,that man can innocently hold property in man, is areligion, theology, or God, derived from all the baserelements of human nature, and should be scouted asthe blackest atheism. Resolved, That it is blasphemous to suppose thatan All-wise Creator would place in this world, withcommon affections and mental and moral endowments,beings doomed to separation and isolation by a naturallaw of mutual and irrepressible antagonisms. Resolved, That what is popularly called prejudiceagainst color has its complete explanation and solutionin the wrong and oppression which the white racehave heaped upon the black, and not in any mere differenceof color, and that prejudice will cease from thehearts when injustice and wrong shall depart from thepractice of the American people towards the coloredinhabitant of America and the world. A very important resolution, condemning the AmericanTract Society, and one sympathizing with thepersons suffering imprisonment is Ohio for obeying'the higher law,' were presented, a copy of which Ihave not. The following resolution upon the rights of womanwas also presented by that committee:— Resolved, That the rights of woman have their origin,definition and limitation, in her Constitution andpowers as woman; that these rights are co-extensivewith her being, and are bounded only by her capacity;and that the free and full exercise of her right asthus defined, is essential to her growth and development,and to the progress and perfection of human society' The resolutions upon temperance, the use of tobacco,and perhaps some others, are not within our reach. The already brilliant array of speakers was at thistime increased by the arrival of Charles D. Mills, ofSyracuse, Eliza Clark, of Auburn, Dr. Wellington, ofJamestown, and Ira Hitchcock, of Oneida. Thespeeches made on Saturday by Messrs. Mills, Douglamand Huntington were of surpassing excellence;enthusiasm was at its highest pitch. Dr. Wellingtonand Mr. Clark objected to the resolution, in whichAmerican Christianity is condemned, desiring that thewords, 'so called,' be substituted for America, or prefixedto America. This brought out an exposition ofthe character of American Christianity, scorching indeed,but truthful, I am sure, to the letter. The afternoon of Saturday, by consent of the meeting,was given to the subject of Education, thatDr. Wellington ('who was obliged to leave in the evening ')might have as opportunity to present his systemas practised at the Jamestown school. Manygood suggestions were made by him, but I could notfeel that I could trust my little ones under that kindof discipline. The last day of the meeting, each speaker spokeupon whatever subject be pleased, confining himselfto resolutions already offered, or offering others thatseemed to him more important. Philip D. Meorsmade an excellent speech, taking as his theme thetext, 'I have married a wife, and cannot come.' Mr.Mills, who is one of the finest speakers to whom Ihare ever listened, spoke upon the 'Practical asgrowing oat of the True Ideal.' Mr. Hoisington,with great brilliancy, gave the philosophy, and assuredas of the certainty of Progression. Mr. Hitchcockspoke at some length on 'Modem Spiritualism.,Mr. Douglass, more versatile than all others in talent,gave as power, eloquence, pathos and humor, in aspeech upon a Practical Religious Life, making thetrue teat of each His the treatment of the down-troddenand enslaved. Mrs. Colman and Mrs. Clerk alsospoke with clearness and beauty upon some of thesubjects before the meeting. Mrs. Choate, of Auburn,introduced the subject of physical health, andinsisted upon a simpler and purer diet. Nothing occurred throughout the entire meetingto mar its harmony, and when it was adjourned onSunday, at 5 o'clock, P.M., it was evident that all,or a very large majority, had received of spiritualfood all they had hoped for. And thus ended one ofthe most interesting meeting I have ever attended.May such be multiplied throughout the land! Z.T.W. 

 The Great Marble Pulses Hotel, on Fifth Avenueopposite Madison Square, New York, in nearly done,at a cost of $1,144,000! and will be opened Aug. 1. 

 Translated to the Spirit-Land, from Newbury, (O.)on the morning of the 5th of June,—the fourth anniversaryof her bridal morn,—LIMA S.H. OREE,daughter of Dec. Colline Hurd, of Lempeter, N.H.,and wife of Luke C. Ober, formerly of Boston, late ofKansas. IMA REE As the fleree winds abake the petals from the fruitflower, leaving still the germ to develop and matureso the hardships of pioneer life, together with the dutiesof maternity, were too severe for her physicalconstitution to withstand. The petals have fallen atthe age of 26, but the spirit still lives to progress andmature. To her, 'death had no sting,' the grave 'no victory.'Calmly as the setting of a summer's sun wasthe spirit released to roam untrammeled over thefields of space, and become a ministering angel tothose whom she loved while in the body, feeling thatshe 'should be able to do more for friends them everbefore.' She was an earnest advocate of all the greatreforms of the day, believing that the only serviceacceptable to God was that which served to blue andennoble man. At her request, Henry C. Wright preached the funeralsermon, of which we send an abstract:— I am here to speak, on this occasion, in complianceswith the last request of Mrs. OBER. We are met, today,to lay her body in the earth, to mingle with itskindred dust. I will make a few remarks taking thefollowing as my motto:— BER. 'Blessed are they that do his commandments. Where shall we find those commandments of God,obedience to which is life, and disobedience in death?They are engraven on the body and soul of eachman and woman, and no where else. Each one bringsinto being, with him or her, a code of laws as a birthrightinheritance; compliance with which is heaven—non-compliance, hell. Man will experience no otherheaven, no other hell, in the body or out of it, exceptthat which consists in compliance or non-compliancewith these fixed laws or condition of life andhealth to body and soul. All pain, all suffering all disease, all prematuredissolution between body and soul, result from violatedlaws of life and health. The body of our friendMrs. OBER, ought not to be dead; it ought to be alive,healthful, active, beside her husband, to aid him inlife's battle, to sustain and care for her babe. It isall unnatural all a violation of the just laws and commandsof God that that body lies there. BER When all the demands in our bodies and souls arefully and healthfully met, then, and only then, do wecomply with the commands of God, and the conditionsof life and heath under which we exist.Through ignorance in herself, in her husband, in herparents, her teachers, her friends, or through ignorancein them all, she did not comply with thoseconditions of life; the result is, death to her body. Let no one attribute this result to God. It is solelythe work of human agency. Let no one seek to comfortthe bereaved husband by telling him it is God'swork and he must submit to his will. We have noright to submit to sickness and death when they areproduced, and can be removed, by human agency.As well exhort the slave to submit to the lash, by tellinghim it is God that whips him; or a man to submitto the session's dagger, because it is God thatthrusts it into his heart. Reverence for dead bodies! Contempt for livingbodies! How absurd—how monstrous—and yet howuniversal! When the body of the wife is dead, andcan no more suffer, how tender of it is the husband!How reverential towards it! How careful to do it noinjury! But white life is in it, while it is the habitationof a living soul, and delicate sensitive to theslightest injury, how indifferent, how reckless of itshealth and life! Often inflicting upon it the greatestpossible wrongs and sufferings without compunction!But the moment that body is dead, instantly it becomessacred! So of a child's body: while it isalive, and capable of suffering, see how parents whipand knock it about! But the moment it is dead, itbecomes sacred! So while life is in them, the bodiesof men and women are stabbed, shot, hung, hunted,and torn with bloodhounds; bought and sold, andexposed to every possible indignity and outrage; butthe moment they are dead, they become objects oftender reverence and solicitude. You lay the dead body of our friend in yondergrave; at the midnight hour, I dig it up, and sell itto the surgeon. In one week, you consign me to adungeon as unfit to live in society. But I steal athousand living bodies of men and women, and sendthem into the hell of American slavery, or tear tenthousand bodies of innocent men, women and childrento pieces with cannon balls and bombshells, andyou make a President of me! What a flendish moralityis taught and practiced by the churches and governmentof these United States! living The body of our friend lies there lifeless, and whollyinsensible to pain; but where is the woman, thewife, the mother? Not in that coffin, nor will shebe in yonder grave when the body is laid there. Shelives, she loves, she thinks, and is here alive in ourmidst, seeing what we see, hearing what we hear,knowing what we do, and sympathixing in our joysand sorrows, and wondering that her husband andfriends should feel sad and sorrowful that she is releasedfrom that incurably diseased and suffering body.She is an inhabitant of this earth, as are all the menand woman who were once embodied in the dead part.She will stand by her husband, and be the guardianangel of her babe. That babe is not motherless. Itsmother lives, and lives to guard and guide its stepswith maternal love. Though she rejected the popular religion, as to itsviews of another life, and its conditions of salvation,she calmly, without a fear, met the change and slepther last sleep gently, as the innocent child sinks torest in the fond mother's arms. 

 Amongst the items of the Pursia's news, a large positionof the American people will have observed withregret the announcement of the death of Mr. GemalielBailey, the proprietor and editor of the NationalEra, of this city. About a dozen years ago, Mr. Bailey,who was a native of Mount Holly, N.J., concertedand executed the bold idea of establishing a newspaperin Washington, devoted mainly to the anti-slaverycause. The Era being a literary as well as a politicaljournal, achieved much celebrity from the publicationof Mrs. Stowe's Unela Ton's Cabin,' whichfirst appeared in its columns, and which at once gaveit a large circulation. Mr. Bailey, who was personally a most amiable andtalented gentleman, has always maintained his paperat a very high standard of literary excellence, and hasaborted his political opinions with a courteous anddignified boldness and independence that have wonfor him the respect of all who know him. Seekingrelief from a wasting distance in a foreign clime, hedied before reaching land, on board the Arage, on the5th instant. There are very few men, we believe, whohave ever succeeded as he has in conducting througha long period of years a partisan newspaper, and goneto their graves with as unsullied a character for uprightness,honesty, and high-toned independence. Mr. Bailey was accompanied on his intended tour,thus early terminated in death, by his eldest son, Mr.Marcellus Bailey, from when intelligence has been received,stating that he took his father's remains toHavre, in order to bring them home in the next stsamerfor the United States, which is the Vanderbilt,This ship, according to the published programme, wasto have left Havre on Wednesday last, and may be expectedat New York about the 2d of July. The death of Dr. Beiley, the editor of the NationalEra, will be deeply regretted by a large circle offriends, including a host whose only acquaintancewith his was through the columns of the paper whichhe conducted with such distinguished ability and regardfor the rights of man. It is not a little singularthat there should be any doubt about the name of onewho had been so long before the public. In his paperhe was styled simply 'G. Bailey,' The telegraphand many papers announced him as 'George' Bailey;some of his correspondents and friends named him'Gamaliel'; and the New American Cyclopedia callscalls him 'Godson.' NationalEra Be this as it may, we learn from the last course thatDr. Bailey was born at Mount Holley, N.J., Dec. 2,1807. At nine years of age, he removed with his parentsto Philadelphia, where he studied medicine, andreceived his medical degree in 1828. After making abrief visit to China, in the capacity of physician to aship, he hegan his career as an olitor, in Baltimore,in conducting the Methodist Protestaat. In 1821, heremoved to Cincinnati, and was there appointed physicianto the cholera hospital during the raging of thepestilence. The expulsion of some of the students fromLane Seminary, on account of their anti-slavery sentimentsand efforts, first prompted him to reflectionson slavery, and to political action against it. In1836, he joined James G. Birney in conducting thefirst anti-slavers newspaper in the West, the CincinnatiPhilanthropist. During this year, their printingestablishment was twice, once at midnight and oncein midday, assailed by a mob, the press thrown intothe Ohio river, and the books and papers made abonfire of. After the withdrawal of Mr. Birney, hebecame the sole editor, and the mob which them assailedhis establishment was dispersed only at thepoint of the bayonet. On the establishment of ananti-slavery paper at the sent of government in 1847,he was selected by the projectors of the scheme to beits editor, and went to Washington to enter upon hisnew duties. As the paper did not pay its expensesduring the first year, the society which supplied itsfunds determined to stop it. Dr. Bailey, however,purchased it, and has since conducted it with greatsuccess. In 1848, he had his last conflict with popularviolence, when a mob for three days besiegedhis office. Methodist Protestaat. CincinnatiPhilanthropist. The Era had a high literary character, and manyliterary works have been published from its columns.The most remarkable of them is Mrs. Stowe's famousUncle Tom's Cabin, which began to appear in the Erain June, 1851. Era Era Dr. Bailey left New York on the 28th of last month,in the steamship Arage, intending to make a tour inEurope for the benefit of his health, and he died, itappears, on the 5th inst., in mid ocean. Liout, Gov.Raymond, of the N.Y.Times, who was a fellow passengerwith him, writes that the did not consider himselfto be seriously ill,—at least, that his lungs werenot effected—but that a long continued dyspepsia, andthe nervous excitement which his labors had induced,had combined to bring about the weakness underwhich he suffered. For the first two or three day shewas upon deck for the greater part of the time. Theweather was fresh, though not unpleasantly cold, andthe see not rough enough to occasion any considerablediscomfort. The motion, however, affected him disagreeably.The motion, however, affected him disagreeably.He slept badly, had no appetite, and couldrelish nothing but a little fruit now and then. Hiseldest son was with him, and attended upon him withall a son's fond solicitude, but he probably had noother acquaintance on board with the exception of Mr.Raymond. He was with him, and attended upon him withinterest of every thing connected with public affairs athome and abroad. He suffered some inconvenienceby being obliged to descend two pairs of stairs to hisroom. Occasionally a couch of cushions was made forhim upon deck when he became fatigued,—but thismade him too conspicuous for his taste, and he seemeduneasily fearful of attracting attention to himself as aninvalid. His strength continued to fail, and onThursday, 2d inst. from stopping too long upon deck,he took cold, which kept him to his room the nextday. Otherwise he seemed about as usual throughthat day and Saturday, and on Sunday morning seemedeven better—saying that he had slept unusuallywell, and felt strengthened and refreshed, He tooksome slight nourishment, and attempted to get upfrom his berth without assistance; the effort was toomuch for him, however, and his son, who had left theroom at his request, but stood at the door, saw himfall as he attempted to stand. He at once went in,raised his father, and laid him upon the couch. Seeingthat he was greatly distressed in breathing, hewent immediately for Dr. Smith, the surgeon of theship. Mr. Raymond met the son on deck, and, hearingof his father's condition, went at once to his room,and found him wholly unconscious breathing withdifficulty, but perfectly quiet and seemingly asleep.—Drs. Besale and Dubois were present, and had endeavoredto give him a stimulant,—but he was unableto swallow, and it was evident that he was dying.He continued in this state for about half an hour,—his breathing became slower and slower, until finallyit ceased altogether, and that was all. Not a movementof a muscle,—not a spam or a tremor of anykind,—betrayed the moment when his spirit took itsdeparture. An infant, wearied with play on a Summer'seve, could not have fallen asleep more gently.His remains were placed in ice, and taken to Havre,from which they will be returned to New York by theVanderbilt, which left on the 18th. He leaves a wifeand six children. N.Y.Times ☞The Transcript remarks that Dr. Bailey was noless remarkable for his amiable temper and generalityof heart, than for his commanding talents and raredevotion to humanity. On taking up his abode inWashington, he found that the friends of the cause hewas advocating were almost entirely excluded fromfashionable society, and therefore throw open his houseon Saturday evenings for their entertainment. Althoughthese social reunions were at first exclusivelyattended by members of Congress who sympathizedwith him in opinion, and other temporary residents ofWashington, they finally became so popular, and sonoted for the amount of talent attracted to them, thatliberal men and women of all parties—literary persons,artists and distinguished foreigners—were in thehabit of attending them. Transcript 

 From the Edinburgh Review for Apell. ART. 1.—1. The Results of the Census of GreatBritain in 1851. By EDWARD CHESHIRE. London:1853. RT. The Results of the Census of GreatBritain in DWARD HESHIRE. 2. Report of Assistant Poor-lenc Commissioners onthe Employment of Women and Children in Agriculture.1843. Report of Assistant Poor-lenc Commissioners onthe Employment of Women and Children in Agriculture. 3. Minutes of the Committee of Council of Education.1855-6. Minutes of the Committee of Council of Education. 4. Reports of the Governors Benevelent Institutions. Reports of the Governors Benevelent Institutions. 5. The Industrial and Social Position of Women inthe Middle and Lowe Ranks. London: 1857. The Industrial and Social Position of Women inthe Middle and Lowe Ranks. 6. Women and Works By B.L.SMITH (MRS. BODICHON).London: 1857. Women and Works MITH RS. ODICHON 7. Tire Letters on Girls' Schools, and on theTraining of Working Women. MRS. AUSTIN.1857. Tire Letters on Girls' Schools, and on theTraining of Working Women. RS. USTIN. 8. Experience of Factory Life. By M.M.1857. Experience of Factory Life. 9. The Lowell Offering. Lowell, Massachusetts,United States. The Lowell Offering. 10. The Laws of Life, with Special Reforence to thePhysical Education of Girls. By ELIZABETHBLACKWELL, M.D., New York: 1858. The Laws of Life, with Special Reforence to thePhysical Education of Girls. LIZABETH LACKWELL There was a time when continental visitors calledEngland 'the bell of hornes, the purgatory of servants,and the paradise of women,' from the twoformer having everything to do, and the latternothing. The lapse of centuries has materially alteredthis aspect of affairs. The railways have annihilatedthe hardest-work class of horses; improvementsin the arts of life have relieved our servants ofa great amount of toil, while on the whole elevatingtheir condition; the women of the United kingdomhave been lad forth from their paradise into a life oflabor and care, more strongly resembling that ofmen than either the men or women of timescould have anticipated. Wearied as some of us arewith the incessant repetition of the dreary story ofspirit-broken governess and starving needle-woman,we rarely obtain a glimpse of the full breadth of thearea of female labor in Great Britain; and it requiresthe publication of the 'Results of the Census,'or some such exhibition of hard facts, to make usunderstand and feel that the conditions of female lifehave sustained as much alteration as the fortunes ofother classes by the progress of civilization. Sooneror later it must become known, in a more practicalway than by the figures of the census returns, thata very large proportion of the women of Englandearn their own bread; and there is no saying homuch good may be done, and how much misery maybe saved, by a timely recognition of this simpletruth. In those days, therefore, the supposition was truewhich has now become false, and ought to be practicallyadmitted to be false—that every woman issupported (as the law supposes her to be represented)by her father, her brother, or her husband. Inthose days, unmarried women were rare; and conventswere the refuge of celibacy. It was not onlyin royal families that children were betrothed intheir cradles. In all ranks, parents made matchesfor their children at any age that suited the familyconvenience: and the hubbub that ensued, when adaughter refused to marry at her parents' bidding,shows what a disaster it was considered to have a womanin the house who would neither marry nor becomea nun. There was, in such a state of society, no callfor female industry, except within the establishment,—whether it were the mansion, the farm, the merchant'dwelling, or the cottage. From that time(the uprising of a middle class) to this, the need andsupport of females industry have gone on increasing,and latterly at an unparalleled rate, while our ideas,our language, and our arrangements have not alteredin any corresponding degree. We go on talkingas if it were still true that every woman is, orought to be, supported by father, brother, or husband:we are only beginning to think of the claimof all workers,—that their work should be paid forby its equality, and its place in the market, irrespectiveof the status of the worker:—we are only beginningto see that the time must come when suchartificial depreciation must cease, under the greatnatural laws of society. We are (probably to aman) unaware of the amount of the business of lifein England done by women; and if we do not attendto the fact in time, the knowledge will be forcedupon is in some disadvantageous or disagreeableway. A social organization framed for a communityof which half staid at home, while the other halfwent out to work, cannot answer the purpose of asociety, of which a quarter remains at home whilethree-quarters go out to work. This seems to beclear enough. It does not follow that extensivechanges in the law are needed; or that anybody iscalled upon to revolutionize his thoughts or proceedings.The natural laws of society will do whateverhas to be done, when once recognized and allowedto act. They will settle all considerable socialpoints,—all the controversies of the labor market,and the strifes about consideration and honor.All that we centend for at this moments is, that thecase should be examined and admitted. Under asystem like ours, in which the middle class of societyconstitutes the main strength of the whole organization,women having become industrial in thesense of being the supporters of themselves and of alarge proportion of households; and their industrialproduction is rapidly on the increase. The censusof 1851 affords some idea of how the matter stands.'While the female population has increased (between1841 and 1851) in the ratio of 7 to 8, the number ofwomen returned as engaged in independent industryhas increased in the far greater ratio of 3 to 4.'(Industrial and Social Position of Women, p. 219.)We are not very far from another census, whichwill afford the means of learning what that progresswill have been in ten years. Meantime, we canhardly do better than prepare ourselves to estimatethe next disclosure, by looking at the case as itstands to-day. Industrial and Social Position of Women The first head of industry is always Agriculture.The Americans pride themselves on employing nowomen in agriculture, and are exceedingly scandalizedat the sight of the peasantry in continents.' countriestilling their ground in family concert—the womenand girls working there with their husbandsand brothers. It may be questioned whether theyeoman's wife in New England, and the back settler'sdaughters, have an easier life of it than theGerman peasant-woman, or the Devonshire laborer'swife, or Highland lassies at a hearing. Consideringthe maple-sugar making, the soap-boiling,the corn-husking, &C, we should doubt whetherany women work harder than some who would on noaccount be permitted to handle a hoe or a rake.However that may be, there seems to be no doubt ofagricultural labor being relished by English women,and of its being, on the whole, favorable to healthand morality. Health is morality, to begin with;and, if the woman's labor improves the family diet,and subscribes to the clothing club, while bacon andnew shirts would be out of the question from thehusband's labor alone, the fact may be less deplorablethan a well-to-do young republic may consider it.If the children are not at school, they are with theirmother in the field; and this is better than the fateof the town child, whose mother is out at work. Itis not, then, to be regretted that the proportion ofwomen employed in agriculture seems increasing inEngland. According to the census of 1841, there were then66,329 women, above twenty years of age, employedin agriculture, without reckoning the widow-farmers(who are not few), or the farmers' wives. Thelate census gives 128,418 as the number so occupied,exclusive of the 'farmers' wives' and 'farmers'daughters,' who are specially, but perhaps not completely,returned as being 289,793. Of the independentfemale agricultural laborers, about one-half,or above 64,000, are dairy women. Neither inAmerica, nor anywhere else, would dairy work beobjected to as a feminine employment, conductedwithin doors, as it is, and requiring feminine qualitiesfor it management; yet it is harder work, andmore injurious to health than hoeing turnips or diggingpotatoes. 'No end of work' is the complaint;and it is not an unreasonable one. On a dairy-farm,the whole set of labors has to be gone through twicea day, nearly the whole year round; and any oneof our readers who has seen a Cheshire farm, thewidth of the tubs the capacity of the ladles, thestrength of the presses, and the size of the cheeses,will fell no surprise at hearing from the doctors thatdairy-women constitute a special class of patients,for maladies arising from over-fatigue and insufficientrest. There is some different between this mode oflife and the common notion of the case and charm ofthe dairymaid's existence, as it is seen in a cornerof a Duchees's park, or on a little farm of threefields and a paddock. The professional dairywomancan usually do nothing else. She has been aboutthe cows since she was tall enough to learn to milk,and her days are so filled up, that it is all she cando to keep her clothes in decent order. She dropsasleep over the last stage of her work; and grows upignorant of all other knowledge, and unskilled in allother arts. Such work as this ought at least to bepaid as well as the equivalent work of men; indeed,in the dairy-farms of the West of England the samelabor or milking the kine is now very generally performedby men, and the Dorset milkmaid, trippingalong with her pail, is, we fear, becoming a myth.But even in Cheshire the e dairymaids receive, it appears,only from 8l. to 10l. a year, with board andlodging. The superintendent of a large dairy is asalaried personage of some dignity, with two rooms,partial or entire dict, coal and candle, and wherewithalto keep a servant—50l. a year or more. Butof the 64,000 dairywomen of Great Britain, scarcelyany can secure a provision for the time when theyan no longer lean over the cheese tub, or churn, orcarry heavy weights. l. l. l. In connection with agricultural labor, we shouldconsider the reasons of poultry, pigs and lambs; themakers of cider and perry; and the bee-mistresses,who gain a living by their honey in many rural districts.The enormous importation of eggs from thecontinent, and especially from France, shows thatthere is more work for women yet in this direction;but the reigning passion for poultry-yards must resultin a great diffusion of the knowledge and skillwhich the upper classes are cultivating so diligently.In addition to the twenty thousand female farmersand land-owners of England, and the half-millionand more of 'farmers' wives and daughters.' a separateclass of poultry-women will soon be able tomake a good subsistence out of eggs and chickens.Then there are the market-gardeners,—thousands ofwomen, most admirably employed. There are the floristsand nursery—gardeners,—not infrequently Quakers.It is a pretty sight—a good nursery groundand act of conservatories under the charge of a sensibleQuakers, whose shrewdness penetrates thewhole management. There re the flax producerstoo,—not a small number, if we include the care ofthe crop, the pulling, steeping, beetling and dreamingand bringing to market; and, an 60,000 acresof Irish land are annually under fax, and as 500,000acres would yield no more than is wanted; and asmillions or pounds sterling (2,000,000l. in ten years)have been wanted in buying an impure seed fromabroad when it might easily be obtained at home,we may conclude that flax producing is or mightbe an extending branch of female industry. Wemay add that the demand for labor will increase,instead of diminishing when the farmer consigns thepreparation of the flax to establishments organizedfor the purpose instead of insisting on doing it athome, and sinking in the market. At present, thewomen are in one place poking in the ditch orpond at home amidst an insufferable stench, andwaiting on the weather for days or weeks; and thenbeetling with the old-fashioned instrument; whilein another place they are about the same work inacutching-mills, to far greater advantage. Thestooping done without the stench of decay and in afew hours or days in vats; and the dressing by patentmachinery, are proper work for women, and will,no doubt, employ more and more of them,—especiallyas a great deal of seed is saved by the process. l. It is worth while to spend 170l. in labor to save1,200l. in sced; and as we spend 200,000l. in importingseed, the prospect of labor in the flax-producingdepartment are well worthy of notice. Whenwe have mentioned the itinerant classes of femaleagricultural laborers,—the hay-makers, reapers andbinders, and the hop-pickers, we have reviewed, ina cursory way, the whole of that division of femaleindustry. l. l. l. On the whole, its prospects are good. The introductionof agricultural machinery does not at firstplease the Irish hay-marker, the Scotch reaper, theBerkshire bean-setter, or the Norfolk turnip-hoer;but neither did their grandfathers like the threshing machinesin the days of Farmer George. Time andpatience show that the results of that particularchange are two, among other,—an increased demandfor labor, and an elevation of the character ofthe employment,—two very good things in view forthe scores of thousands of our country-women whoare engaged in agricultural processes of one kind oranother. Next to those who draw commodities from thesurface of the land should come those who drawcommodities from its depths,—the women engaged inmining processes. We are happily spared the dismalchapter of coal-pit life which we must havepresented a few years ago. It is true, the desire foran independent maintenance—the popular cravingfor wages—causes a good deal of evasion of the law;and women do get down into the pits in disguise orby connivance; but the employment of women incoal-pits is no longer a recognized branch of industryamong us. Who then are the 7000 women returnedin the census under the head of Mines? They are, no doubt, for the most part the dressersof the ores in the Cornish and Welsh mines.The work is dirty, but not too laborious;—less laboriousthan the work which may perhaps be includedunder the same head,—the supplying porcelainclay from the same regions of the country.Travellers in Devonshire and Cornwall are familiarwith the ugly scenery of hillsides where the turf isbroken up, and the series of clay-pits is overflowing,and the plastered women are stirring the mess, orsifting or straining, or drying and moulding the fineclay. The mineral interest is, however, one of thesmallest in the schedule of female industry; and itis likely to contract rather than expand,—exceptthe labor of sorting the ores. In looking over the census returns, the occupationsmark out the classes of women employed, thewidows, wives, and maidens. The shop-keepers,like the farmers, are almost always the widows, who,as wives, assisted their husbands, and who now endeavorto keep up the business for the sake of thechildren. The same is the case with the 10,000beershop keepers and victuallers, and the 9000 innkeepers,and the 14,000 butchers and milk-merchants,and the 8000 wagon or back-carriage proprietors.Considerable as these numbers are, theywould range higher if women were taught bookkeepingin a proper style. So many are seen to declinein fortune, or to marry again, or in other waysto hand over the business to men, while in France,and in the United States, the same class prosper atleast as well as men, that inquiry is provoked intothe cause of the English failure; and it is usuallyfound that the weakness lies in the financial ignoranceof the women.  The weak point is in the multiplicationtable:—in plain old English, they are hadat ciphering. This leads us to consider the wives.The 'Shoemakers' wives' alone are nearly 94,000,their business being both shopkeeping and manufacturing.They serve ladies and children, and sellacross the counter, and in the intervals do the lighterpart of the shoemaking. Some other denominationsare returned separately, as the 27,000 victualers'wives, and the 26,000 butcheresses; but it isenough to say here that the industrial wives, speciallyso returned, amounted in 1851 to nearly halfa million. It would be a prodigious benefit to theirhouseholds if they were qualified to manage the accounts.That there is no good reason why they arenot is proved by the recent rise of a class of femaleaccountants in London, as well as by the instancesin many of our large towns of the counting-housedesk behind the shop, or in the manufactory, beingoccupied by women. We have never heard a doubtsuggested as to the capacity of women for arithmetic;on the contrary, the girls in the Irish NationalSchools equal or excel the boys in mental arithmetic;and in every good girls' schools of the middle class,there are some children who had rather cover theirstates with sums for play than go for a walk. Elderlypeople remember, too, the old-fashioned sight,in unregenerate shops, of the wife or daughter, wellshawledand in gloves with the finger-ends cut off,sitting from breakfast time till dinner, and from dinnertill dusk, with the great books before her, andthe pen always in hand; the light of a candle beingobserved till late on Saturday evenings, when theaccounts of the week were posted up. During thefirst period of the new style of shop-keeping thedesk class of women seemed to disappear; but theyare evidently coming back again. And this factleads us on to the employment of the single women. The shopwomen (distinguished from shopkeepers)are surprisingly few. The figures seem scarcelycredible. The shopkeepers being nearly 29,000, theshopwomen are only 1742. This fact will remindmany people of the controversy about the dignity ofshopmen, during and since the late war, when notonly newspapers but a quarterly review attacked'the men milliners who smirk behind the countersof our shops,' and bade them be off to the army, andleave women's work to women. Our impression,on the whole, was that the shopmen exhibited amuch better case than could have been anticipatedby careless observers, though we are far from denyingthat, as a class, they are jealous of the competitionof women, and act in the spirit of that jealousy.One or two of the facts of the case ought to be remembered;as for instance, that the light businessof 'dangling tapes and ribbons,' and exhibiting ornaments,&C, is usually coupled with work requiringbodily strength. In the shop where ribbons aresold, silk and velvet dresses are sold also; and it ismore than most women can do to 'dandle' rollersof silk and whole pieces of velvet, at intervals fortwelve hours per day. Where tapes are sold, thereis demand for those very ponderous articles,—sheetingsand shirting, and table linen. In jewelleryshops men must attend, and a sufficiency of them,to deter thieves before whom such temptations arespread. Again it seems to be proved, unexpectedas is the fact, that our wives discourage the employmentof women behind the counter. It is not verylong since we met with the following illustration inthe columns of a newspaper:— 'A large, well-attended draper's and mercer's shop,in a good situation became by a sort of accident, theproperty of a benevolent and sensible person, who sawin the accident the means of employing female laborin a suitable department. He had always cried shameon the exclusion of women from the counter wherethey could surely measure ribbons and cambric aswell as men. The well-stocked shop was served bywomen, picked for their aptitude and experience aswell s their respectability. The old custom fell off,and the proprietor was assured that it was becausethere were only women behind the counter. It becamenecessary to introduce some shopmen, to re accruethe ladies who could not trust the ability of theirown sex. Two shopmen were introduced. It wouldnot do. They were worked off their feet, while theshopwomen stood idle; for the ladies had no faith infemale ability even behind the counter.' Such incidents as this disclose the true reason ofthe shopwomen of Great Britain being (apart fromthe shopkeepers) only 1742. Now that girls, however few, are trained with a view to their becomingaccountants, either as a acceptable profession, or anmanagers of the family business, we may expect tosee the difference, from one ten year to another inthe census returns. The growing contrast betweenthe recent and the coming time, is exhibited in certainanecdotes now before us; one in women andWork,' and the other in a Scotch newspaper. Mrs.Bodichon says:— 'There are new many trade open to women withgood training in book-keeping and knowledge of somespecial branch of business, not difficult to acquire, iffather would help their daughter as they help thesesons. Two or three young women together might enterupon most shop-keeping businesses.  But very fewyoung women know caught arithmetic to keep accountscorrectly. 'We remember seeing to young women who kepta shop in a country village, slaving to answer the tinkle-tinkle of the shop-bell, dealing out half-pastworth of goodies, bacon, or candles, who, when askedhow much they were paid yearly for the heart week ofattending the shop hardly understood the questionand only knew that generally they did not come topay mere for their goods than they sold them for, and got their food into the bargain, week by week.  'Buthow do you make your other expenses out?'  'Byletting lodging,' said they,'—Women and Work, p. 15. generally Women and Work, 'In taking a ticket the other day at the Edinburghstation of the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway,we were pleasantly surprised on being waited onby a blooming and bonnie lassie, who along with usactively quiet equal to, exhibited a politeness veryrare in railway clerk of the literally ruder sex.  Weobserved that the department was entirely occupiedby women, there being another giving out tickets, anda third telegraphing. these innovation thus far northis rather startling; but instead of objecting to it, wethink it high commendable, and hope to use the employmentof women in light occupations rapidly extended.'—Scottish Press, December, 1858. Scottish Press The mention of telegraphing in this passage remindsus of another example. The 'Times' givesthe following account of the way in which it wasenabled to supply London breakfast-table with thespeeches of Mr. Bright and other, on occasion ofthe Gibson and Bright festival at Massachusetts hasDecember: 'It is only act of justice to the electric and InternationalTelegraph Company, to mentioned the and accuracy with which our report of the proceedingsat Massachusetts on Friday night was transmittedto the "Times" office. The first portion of the reportwas received at the telegraph office at Massachusetts at10.55 on Friday night, and the last at 1.25 on Saturdaymorning. It may be added that the whole report,occupying nearly six columns, was in type of aquarter to three o'clock on Saturday morning, everyword having been transmitted thrown the wire a distanceof nearly 200 miles. Some of our readers maybe surprised to hear that this report was transmittedentirely by the young girls. An average speed of twenty-nine words per minute was obtained, principally onthe printing instruments. The highest speed on theneedle was thirty-cane words per minute. Forprinting instruments and one needle were engaged,with one receiving clerk each, and two writers takingalternate sheets. Although young girls in general donot understand much of politics, there was hardly anerror in the whole report.'  entirely by the young girls. In the United State, the telegraphing is largelyconsigned to women: and with it the kindred actof the compositor. From what we have heard invarious directions within a few years, we believethat the manipulation of type by women is found tobe such an advantage here that a great deal of ourprinting is likely to be done by them henceforth.Much was said beforehand about the impossibleof enduring the smell of the office; but the samething used to be said of oil-painting; and in bothcases it is a mistake. If printing is on the increaseamong women, much more so is painting in oils andon glass. Printing reminds us of book-bindingwhich affords an admirable occupation to women.One well-known firm was, some few years since, employing200 young women, under careful arrangements,for their moral welfare, technical improvement,and daily comfort. Such means of instructionwere provided as prevented their domestic qualitiesfrom being spoiled by their regular business.For the sake of quiet and respectability, little wassaid where so much was done; but the few who sawthe work-rooms, and followed the processes, fromthe folding of the sheets to the highest ornamentationof the covers, are not likely to forget that spectacleof cheerful and prosperous industry. (To be concluded.) To be concluded. 

 ☞ It was our privilege to spend the last Sunday atthe pleasant home of our friend Aaron M. Powell, inGhost, Columbia Co. He lives under the same roofa part of the home farm he has entered quite extensivelyinto the business of fruit-growing. He ill thisyear pick a fine coop of Antwarp Blackberries, whilehis Grape-vines, Lawton Blackberry shoots and Appleand Pear trees give premise of extensive harvestsat an early day. In the out-door occupation whichthis business affords, Mr. Powell has found a delightfulremedy for the bodily weaknesses which impelledhim to relinquish the work of an anti-slavery lecturer,in which, for some years past, he has rendered valuableservice to the cause. Though no longer able to dothe work of a 'field hand' in that cause , he will serveit actively in the vicinity of his residence, where he isvery highly esteemed, and by occasional lectures inmore distant places. Even now be is engaged, bycorrespondence and otherwise, in an effort to flood thenext Legislature of the Empire State with petitionsfor the enactment of a law for the protection of thefugitive slave. In this work, moreover, he has the activesympathy and aid of his sister, a graduate of theState Normal School, an excellent teacher and awarm-hearted abolitionist. There is no more beautifulregion in the whole Empire State than that inwhich they live. The Cattskill mountains presentfrom this point, one of the grandout natural pictureswe have ever seen.—Anti-Slavery Standard. Anti-Slavery Standard. 

 A LARGE number of parcels of land are keenlyoffered for sale to persons of liberal and reformatoryideas and tendencies, sympathizing with the fundamentalprinciples and general objects of the HopedaleCommunity. These parcels, lying in and courteousto the village of Hopedale, Milford, Mass., andconstituting a part of the original Community Domainare of different sizes, ranging from two to twentyacres, and present a good variety of tillage and pasterage,together with some woodland—most of the tillagebeing under a high state of State of cultivation —and aredesigned either for simple building lots, or for andfarms, as may suit different classes of purchasers.Upon some of them are pleasant dwellings, and tenementsin the village may be rented by those unpreparedto buy correct building. In the immediate vicinitythere is a Foundry, suitable shop room ofpower, and an unoccupied Mill-privilege, renderingthe location a favorable one for mechanizes other iscommence or continue a business, and espeically forthose who may desire to combine with their avocationssuch horticultural employment as health,pleasure, or profit may dictate. Persons also of literaryinclinations and pursuits may obtain that quietretirement, and the opportunity for active, out-doormanual or other exercise necessary to the highest usefulenessand success in their chosen field of labor. Andany or all of the class to whom the lands are offered,who say desire for themselves and families the superiormoral and social influences of Hopedale, or whomay wish to secure for their children the advantagesof the Hopedale Home School—a flourishing Institutionof much excellence, both in its general characterand in its methods of instruction, designed to aid inthe attainment of thorough, symmetrical, and practicalEducation-will find here unusual inducementsfor making themselves at Home. These lands are within two miles of the MilfordStation, on the Boston and Worcester R.R.., by whichcommunication may be had three times a day withBoston and the principal thoughtfares of New England. Prince reasonable, and term of payment suited tothe circumstances of any honest industrious, economicalfamily. For further particulars and all necessary informationinquiries of E.D. DRAPERHopedale, Milfeed, Man June 17, 1859,—tf. We bespeak attention to Br. E.B.Draper's advertisementas above, offering for sale sundry parcels ofHopedale land. Some two years since when most ofthe Joint Stock Property of the Hopedale Communitywas individualized and divided among the stock-holders,a large portion of the Community Domain wentlegitimately into the private possession of Br. DraperHe has recently caused his lands to be surveyed intohomesteads of from two to twenty acres each, with aview to offer them for sale to persons friendly to ourdistinguishing principles, who may choose to settle inour midst. We hope that a goodly number of friends,cherishing a general sympathy with our people anddesiring to give their children the advantages of ourexcellent select and common schools, will avail themselvesof the new opening. Seeing that we must bedisappointed in not realizing the Unitary arrangements,the anticipation of which organically attractedus hither, the next best thing is, to see as gooda Neighborhood built up as circumstances will effectWe an therefore pleased with Br. Draper's new planof offering email homesteads for sale of our friendsscattered abroad. May the movement be crownedwith success.—Practical, Christian. Unitary arrangements Practical, Christian. 

 ACQUISITION OF CUBA. Says the National Inteligency,—'Recont intimations have reached us frommany quarters, both public and private, to the effectthat our late Minister to the Spanish Court, Mr. Dodge,on his recent return to this country, has very unequivocallyseemed the opinion that any attempts toinduce the Government of Spain to alienate this valuabledependency for a pecuniary consideration, howevergreat, are destined to prove abortive under thepresent temper and disposition of the Spanish Court.This intelligence, we may add, but confirms the soberjudgment of all who have been in a position to acquirecorrect information on this point; and coinciding, asit does, with what might have been antecedently inferredfrom those motives of pride and interest whichprevail in Spain no less than among ourselves, weshould think that it deserves to receive some little considerationat the hands of those who, after persuadingthemselves that Cuba is desirable, have rather prematurelyjumped to the conclusion that it is equally attainable.' CQUISITION OF UBA. National Inteligency 

 MADAM BANNISTER (formerly, Madam CARTEAUX)would inform her kind and liberal patronsand the public, that she has removed to 323Washington St., and 20 Wet st.; where will be foundher Restoative, the most celebrated in the world, asit prevents hair from turning gray, and produces newin all diseases of the scalp.  She stands second tonone in Hair-Dyeing and Champooing. Ladies waited on at their residences, either in orout of town. Hair dressed in the latest style.  She can refer tothe first people in the cities of Boston, Providence,Worcester, and elsewhere.  Come and try for yourselves. October 1. 

 TWO DAYS' WORK AT MAGENTA. The two days'battle of Magenta swept from existence and placedhere du comb at more than twice the standing army ofthe united States. The whole regular army of theUnion numbered, on the 1st of last January, 12,942men, of all ranks, from general officers down to privates.Making every allowance for exaggeration, thelosses on both sides must have been between twenty-fiveand thirty thousand. WO AYS ORK AT AGENTA. here du comb at The cost of maintaining the armies on both sidesmust now be immense. One writer says that theFrench army alone consumes $500,000 a day. The French Government has already sent 10,000,000cartridges to Italy, so that this one article alone hasgiven work to 2,000 horses. Such an enormous massof ammunition for the rifles now in use will give aterrible idea of the power of destruction possessed bythe French troops. Among the commanders in the Austrian army inCount Nieperg, the son of Maria Louise. A remoontrebetween him and the Emperor of the French wouldbe singular enough. remoontre Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte distinguished himselfin the recent battle of Montebello. He has beenplaced in a post of danger since the occupation ofItaly by the French, intentionally, as is supposed,since he is not regarded with favor by the Emperor.He is he grandson of old Prince Jerome by his Americanmarriage with Miss Patterson, and his mother wasMiss Williams, of Baltimore. ☞ Kossuth, it will be seem by the Angle Saxon'snews, left England for Italy on the 7th, after havinghad an interview with the French Ambassador inLondon. Time works wonders. It is but a few yearsago that the French Government would not so muchas permit the great Magyar to set his foot on its soil!Now he may not only go to France, but before he goes,he is the recipient of diplomatic courtesies extended tohim by a French Minister. 

