 The Friends of Human Progress will meet in D.Witt, Clinton county, IOWN, June 16th next, and holdover Sunday. OWN The object of the meeting will be, to form a betteracquaintance among the friends of general reform—to inspire each other with greater devotion to thecause of human liberty, and to devise the best methodby which all questions appertaining to Religionand Humanity may be freely discussed, and the claimsof sound morality practically enforced. In behalf of the Committee of Arrangements, C.B.C. 

 A SLAVE GIRL'S FREEDOM PURCHASED BY MEMBERSOF CONGRESS.—AA philanthropic scene concurred in theante-room of the Representative Hall last week. Ahandsome mulatto slave girl appeared in charge ofDr. Davidson, with a statement that she had beensold to a negro trader, but by raising $500 cash, andsecuring payment of $700 mom by the 1st of August,she could purchase he0r freedom. The amount waspromptly raised among the Republican members. LAVE IRL'S REEDOM URCHASED BY EMBERSOF ONGRESS. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ☞ Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are tobe directed, (POST-PAID) to the General Agent. ☞ Advertisements making less than one square insertedthree times for 75 cents — one square for $1.00. ☞ The Agents of the American, Massachusetts,Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societiesare authorised to receive subscriptions for THELIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentleman constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of thedebts of the paper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, EDMUNDQUINCY, EDMUND JACKSON, and WENDELLPHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 The Annual Meeting of the Essex County Anti-SlaverySociety will be held in GEORGETOWN, inthe Town Hall, on Sunday, June 3d, commencing at104 o'clock, A.M. The members of the Society areparticularly requested, and all persons are cordiallyinvited, to attend. PARKER PILLSEURY, CKARLNS C.BURLSIGH, and other sparkers will be present. Essex County Anti-SlaverySociety ARKER ILLSEURY KARLNS URLSIGH CHARLES LENOX REMOND, President. President. MOSES WRIGHT,Secretary. OSES RIGHT Secretary. 

 The United States Constitution in 'a covenant withdeath, and an agreement with hall. ☞ 'The free States are the guardians and essentialsupports of slavery. We are the jailers and constablesof the institution. . . . There is same excusefor communities, when, under a generous impulse,they espouse the cause of the oppressed in other States,and by force restore their rights; but they are withoutcourse in aiding other States in binding on men onunrighteous yoke. On this subject,OUR FATHERS, INFRAMING THE CONSTITUTION, SWERVED FROM THERIGHT. We their children, at the end of half a century,see the path of duty more closely than they,and must walk in it. To this point the public mindhas long been tending, and the time has come for lookingat it fully, dispassionately, and with manly andChristian resolution. . . . No blessing of the Unioncan be a compensation for taking part in the enslavingof our fellow-creatures; nor ought this bond to beperpetuated if experience shall demonstrate that itcan only continue through our participation in wrongdoing. To this conviction the free States are tending.'— WILLIAM ELLERY CHANNING. they are withoutcourse in aiding other States in binding on men onunrighteous yoke. OUR FATHERS, INFRAMING THE ONSTITUTION, SWERVED FROM THERIGHT. must walk in it. ILLIAM LLERY HANNING. 

 ☞ THE ANNIVERSARY MEETINGS of thefriends of the WOMAN'S RIGHTS CAUSE willbe held at the Melodeon, on the afternoon and eveningof FRIDA, June 1st. Addresses are expectedfrom Mrs. C.H. Dall, Mrs. Severance, Wendell Phillips,Rev. Samuel J. May, and others. Admissionfee 10 cents to defray expenses. By order of the Committee. 

 I remember the case of an ambitious student, whowork, as the caption of his maiden effort, 'The Past,the Present, and Future.' I feel here to-night,Mr. Chairman, at his late hour, in view of this greatquestion, like that young man, with that large themebefore him for a fifteen minutes' speech. I presumescene will deny that the question of American Slaveryis the most important question that is presentedto this age and to this nation—shall I not say, thathas been presented to any age and any nation, at leastonce the great Reformation of the seventh century?I remember, when I was in the neighborhoodof the White Mountains last summer, that whereverI turned my eye, Mount Washington stood conspicuousabove his fellows, that it was the one great objectwhich always arrested my gaze, and to which my fellow-travellersalways directed my attention. So is itwith regard to this great question of American Slavery.It is well-nigh ubiquitous; it is almost omnipresent.It meets you everywhere. If you openyour morning newspaper, the first word that strikesyour eye is 'slavery.' If you enter the halls of Congress,you need not ask upon what subject that executedspeaker is haranguing; for, whether he hailsfrom the pine forests of Maine, or from the 'continuouswoods, where rolls the Oregon,' whether he comesfrom the prairies of Northern Wisconsin and Minnesota,or from the everglades of Florida or the riceswamps of Georgia and the Carolinas, one subjectonly claims his attention—that subject, Slavery. Inthe ecclesiastical convocations, whether it be theEpiscopal Convention, the Methodist Conference, thePresbyterian Assembly, or the Congregational Council,nine chances to one that the word which firstmeets your ear is 'slavery.' In fine, I know of butme spot in all this broad and fair land where you areperfectly exempt from the intrusion of this very disagreeablesubject (to some). Of course, I mean afashionable church, in one our great Eastern cities.(Laughter and applause.) The period in which we have assembled is a veryremarkable one. Society is stirred to its profoundestdepths. The country is rocked, and has been formonths, as by a moral earthquake. The bands thatbind political parties are snapped like the withes onthe arms of Samson, and at last that political Judas,which, for thirty years past, has ever been able to betraythe cause of liberty, after purchasing, by theDred Scott decision and the repeal of the MissouriCompromise, the vast, grand field of all our terotoryfor the introduction of slavery, has fallen headlong,burst in the midst, committed political suicide, at thehere sight of its own atrocities, and all its bowels havegushed out. (Loud applause.) Why is it, my friends,that we witness such a state of things as the present?Have we all been seized with frenzy and madness?Are we, like men be witched by the glamour and weirdfascination of Niagara until they plunge into theabyss, about to plunge into national ruin? No, I answer;a thousand times, no. The reason of all thisis that we are face to face with the mightiest questionof the age; that we are face to face with a questionthat cannot be ignored, and will not be put off; aquestion that must be settled; a question in whichthe interests of thousands and millions are involved;a question in which the most important issues for ourrace are involved. I have here my charges to bring against slavery, likemy brother (Rev. Mr. Bradford) who has gone beforeme; had I not, I should not be here. My first chargeagainst it is, that it murders liberty in the persons offour millions of men, of the same blood, made in theimage of the same God, endowed with the same untenableright to 'life, liberty, and the pursuit ofhappiness,' and bought with the blood of the sameRedeemer with ourselves. (Applause.) That, myfriends, extends not only to these four millions, but totheir children, not for one, two, three or a thousandgenerations, but to all generation. The tremendousdeem and curse of slavery rests upon them like aneternal punishment, that knows neither respite nottermination. Not only does it extend to the numberin this country, and to their children, but in thatbread land which had recently been opened by Livingstonsand other explorers, there is the source, in itsseeming millions, for an inexhaustible supply, which,through the channel of the slave trade, is to be pouredinto this lower deep of American chattel slavery. Inthese grand discoveries, in which science sees vast expressadded to her already magnificent domain, inthose teeming millions, on which Christianity lookswith hopeful eyes, as fields white to the harvest ofmissionary and beneficent effort, Slavery sees only theelements of her own increase, and the advance of herown power, places her basilisk eye on those teemingmillions, and, like the daughters of the horse-leech,ones, 'Give, give!'—like another grave, is neversatisfied—like another hell, enlarges herself and openswide her month, that she may received them and theirchildren to the irreversible doom of oppression andbondage forever! (Applause.) We have here to settlethis great question; and not only so, but in thisland, and on this battle-field, the great question ofslavery is to be settled forever. I have no doubt thatif we can cut off the head of the hydra here, we haveended the conflict for all time, for all the ages that areyet to come. As I believe in a more glorious era thanhas ever yet dawned on the world, and as I believe ina grander order of the ages than has ever yet arisen,as I believe that this question of slavery for white andblack is to be settled here forever. I have another charge to bring against it, which is,that is opposed to our modern Christian civilization.'Two elements,' says Guizot, 'are comprised in thegreat fact that we call civilization—it lives on twoconditions, it manifests itself in two methods—theprogress of the individual and the progress of society;the enlargement of the faculties of man and theamelioration of the social system.' But is there anyone so ignorant as not to know that there is noamelioration of the social system possible to slavery?that kindness to the slave is altogether out of the question?And as to any progress, intellectual or moral,of the individual, let the slave laws, forbidding anyone to teach them to read or write, answer for that.I charge upon slavery not merely that it is a relic ofbarbarism, but that it is an element of barbarism.Wherever it exists, there society must partake of barbarism,more or less, This fact is illustrated in all thehistory of the past, but more especially is it illustratedin our land and in our day. Do you ask for theproofs? I point you to the recent executions on Virginiasoil. point you to that man who stood on thisplatform to-day (Rev. Mr. Worth,) freed from aSouthern prison-house on condition that he pays toNorth Carolina three thousand dollars. I wonderwhat the Old North State is going to do with so muchmoney! If it had been South Carolina, I shouldthink that she had got the money to buy the crutchesto walk out of the Union with, that Wendell Phillipshas told us of. (Laughter.) I charge slavery with being the foe to modern civilization,and the proof comes from the halls of Congressduring the present winter. There may be exceptionsto the rule, but the nature of slavery, its tendency,is to create a set of cowardly, brutal ruffians,who are unfit for the intercourse and society of civilizedand refined gentlemen.(Loud cheers.) Thebillingsgate and drunkenness, the vituperation andbullying, on one side and the other, in the hall of Representatives,are the proofs, the Smiths, the Barks-dalesand the Pryors are the personal illustrations, ofwhat I say. And yet, we are told, these are 'God'sministers for good'; these are the men, according toour lower-law divines, to whom we owe respect andobedience, 'for conscience sake'! These are the menwho are 'a terror to evil-doers, and a praise to themthat do well'! These are the men who 'bear not thesword (nor to bowie-knife in vine'! (Laughterand cheers.) These are the men who reach out thearm of their tyranny, and take from his fireside andhis home on of our esteemed citizens, and may dothe same with you and with me, if they choose tonight. But, again, I charge it with being the foe to themorals of our country and our nation. Will any manflaunt it in my face here that I do not know what Iam talking about? I have stood upon the soil cursedby its presence; I have seen something of its yet unwrittenatrocities, something of its yet inconceivablewickedness. I have no language to describe themoral atrocities of which it is always the parent. Ihave talked with master and slave, and I say that thehalf has not been told, never can be told, never willbe told, of the corrupt state of society all over theSouth. Take one fact, which has been already alludedto to-night—that there are four millions of humanbeings who have no law of marriage, who areliving in a state of promiscuous concubinage, underthe power of irresponsible masters, many of whom arethe vilest of the vile that walk the face of the earth.Remember that this degradation has been going onfor centuries, and then you can form some idea ofwhat the state of things must be there. I might illustrateby anecdote after anecdote, drawn from myown personal observation, but let one suffice. I saidto an old slave, whom I met on one occasion, whowas living alone, 'Is it possible that you have livedto this period of life, and never been married?' Iwish you could have seen the smile that spread overhis countenance at my exceeding greenness as he replied—'Lor bress you, massa, I have had more wivesthan you could put in this yere room.' And thenthe old man went on and told me the story of the fateof his wives, one after another sold and separated fromhim. A Presbyterian minister (Old School) permittedhis own son, fourteen years old, to marry a slavegirl that belonged to him, on a Saturday evening, andin less than three months sold her to an Old Schoolleader, who lived fourteen miles distant, and then hadthe effrontery to send a letter by me, dunning hisbrother church-member for his money! Of course, Idid not know what the contents of the letter were; ifI had, I should not have taken it. He said it was alittle matter of business! This is a feeble illustrationof what is passing all the time inside the Churches ofthe South. But, then, I make this charge not merely againstthe South, but against the whole nation. I do notexpect much of nations now, or for ages to come, perhaps,in point of morality. No nation has ever existed,as yet, that has taken this book (the Bible) as thebasis of its statute law, and incorporated the principlesof Christianity into its constitution of government.No nation exists to-day that has the slightestclaim to be called Christian. Nations there are inwhich there are Christian men, but a Christian nationhas never existed, and does not exist. But there are,I think, violations of the moral law by our public mensuch as the world does not witness elsewhere. Tellme in what Christian or what heathen land will thehighest court of justice decide that one class have norights which another class are bound to respect? Tellme in what Christian or heathen land a man may bea prominent candidate for the highest office in thegift of the public, who openly avows but one sentiment(if we may judge by the frequency of its repetition,)that this government was made for white men,and not for 'niggers'—to use his own elegant phraseology.You know that Wm. H. Seward says no mancan ever be President of the United States who spells'negro' with two g's; and I think that Stephen ArnoldDouglas is yet to illustrate the truth of the assertion.(Laughter and cheers.) Why, in the daysof the Spanish Inquisition no such atrocious sentimentswere uttered. Never, in the Cortex of Spain,in the days of the Star Chamber, in the worst reignof the brutal Henry or the bloody Mary, in the PrivyCouncil, in the days of the perjured Charles and theatrocious James, were such sentiments uttered as ourhalls of legislation have echoed to during the presentand the preceding sessions. Do you ask me for proof?What crime that ever dishonored God or disgracedhuman nature, to which statesmen have given theirconsent, ever, equaled in atrocity that of the slavetrade? And yet, has not that trade found its unblushingadvocates in our halls of legislation? WEwonder that such villany can exist in the light of day.What is our astonishment to find it has it seat in theSenate chamber and on the very throne of justice itself! But I have another and still more sever charge tobring against it. It is the dishonor it has done to ourcommon Christianity and our holy religion. Notcontent with disgracing our statute-book, not contentwith robbing man of every right that men holdsdear, it has thrust its foul and heinous presence intothe sanctuary of God; it has entwined its slimyfolds around the sacred alter, and with its thousandhissing tongues of asps profanes the very garden ifthe ark of the covenant of our God; and the manwho would assail it is branded as n 'Infidel,' I believein a Bible that is inspired from beginning toend, but it is a Bible all flaming with tongues of fireagainst an atrocity so iniquitous as this; it is a Biblein which there is no sanction for this crime from firstto last; bible which, if you were to take its principlesand make them the fundamental law of theland, would abolish slavery before to-morrow's sunsank in the west. I believe in a personal Savior butit is a Savior who cast in his lot with the poor, theweak, and the degraded. It is a Savior who is to beseated on a throne of final judgment, and, if mancome and say, 'Have we not prophesied in thy name?have we not built up great Tract Society and largechurches, and established great missionary efforts?have we not edited Presbyterians and Observers, andin thy name done many wonderful works? willanswer, 'Inasmuch as ye have not done it unto thesemy brethren, ye have not done it unto me; I neverknow you.' I believe, certainly, in the church of theliving God; but it is an organization not establishedfor injustices, not to be a great weapon in the handof Slavery, but to be a great instrumentality of beneficenceand of good to our race; and I charge itupon Slavery that by a hideous metamorphosis, suchas never entered into the imagination of a heathenpoet, it has transformed the church of the living Godinto an engine of iniquity and wrong, and unfurledthe black banner of Death on those battlements fromwhich alone should float the glorious banner of theCross; that it has brought more disgrace on this book,and on our holy religion, than all the infidels of thelast four centuries. Presbyterians Observers Now, my friends, I have no time to enter upon apoint which is extremely interesting to me; but herelet me say that I was present, not many days ago,in a so-called religious assembly in this city, whichdeclared, by a vote of 91 to 89, that they would notcondemn mercenary slaveholding, and I heard, fromthe lips of a man professing to be a gospel minister,language that might have been appropriate for a slavefactory, that might have become the deck of a slave-ship,that might have answered at the head of a coffleof slaves, marched off, to the tune of 'Hail, Columbia!'from Virginia to Georgia, but which was adisgrace and an outrage to the common sentiments ofa Christian community, much more to a body callingitself an evangelical organization. The substance ofhis statement, was, that he had bought and sold slaves,and would do so again, under, the same circumstances!And this man, with his hands dripping with the bloodof his fellow-men, undertook to preach the gospel ofour Lord and Savior Jesus-Christ! It was said of apastor of this city, who volunteered a defense of thesystem itself, and scorned the man who would say aword for the noble martyr, John Brown, that his pocketswere lined with forty thousand dollars, the priceof men, women and children, whom he had soldinto interminable bondage. Are we to bear tohave our religion insulted and outraged, and lift novoice against it? o answer, No! a thousand times,No! Now, it is too often taken for granted, I think, byour friends on this platform, (judging by their wide sweepingdenunciation,) that this organization ofwhich I have been speaking is the true church. Whatis the Christian Church? I trace it by the blood ofthe martyrs in the ages of the past; I mark her placeby the lurid flames that have burned her professors.Where was the Church in those early days but in thefastness of the Alps, and among the mountains ofScotland? And is there not a large remnant left todaywho will have nothing to do with this atrocioussystem, and would banish it from the Church ofGod? I speak thus far for the Presbyterians, and I saythere are more than seven hundred ministers who believethe oppression of this land merits the wrath andcurse of God, both in this life and the life to come,and have so recoded it, and will not admit a slaveholderto their communion. (Applause.) And whyhave not we, the seven hindered, as much right to callourselves the Presbyterian Church, in the view of thatgreat pro-slavery organization, as they have, and afar better right? I mention these things, my friends, only that justicemay be done on all side. I screen no man orset of men from the just rebukes that belong to themwhen they attempt to cover up any such iniquity asthis. But I know the wide-pared influence of this.I know that when the editor of religious newspaperscome to speak of the friend of the slave, they diptheir pens in the poison of asps; when they speak ofslavery and pro-slavery men, their pens drop honey,and they are held as the very chef of God's saints,the salt of the earth, to be loved and admired. Suchan out-spoken and free paper as the Independent—and it is in many respects independent, and the bestof its class— wriggles and sticks on the tern maulsin so—slavey is sin itself; joins in the common cryagainst Dr. Cheever, and stigmatizes the Presidentof this Society as an infidel, lest its subscription listshould fall off! And what shall I say of a man likethe pastor of Plymouth Church, a mighty son ofEphraim, who turned back, faint-hearted, on the dayof battle, until dragged forward, by a member of hisown church, a boy in age, but not in mind—(applause,)—until the editorial lash of the Tribune hasbeen laid upon his back, being a more quietist,and not taking that prominent position which mightbe expected of him? Independent independent mauls Tribune Now, shall I not charge it upon such a system asthis that it has dishonored the cause which I mosthonor? Bu that Bible which I revere, and in thename of that Satire whose follower I profess to be,and of that salvation in which I prefers to tryst, Ishall protest everywhere, and at all times, against aslander and an opprobrium so foul, brought uponthe cause of His holy religion. I am sometimes asked, what good does all yourtaking do? Well, sir, it is my trade to talk, andperhaps I think more of it than others do; but I believethat talking has destroyed every great from ofevil that has ever existed. I have to say that I believein the sword too; and if one day of the oppressionof the slaves is worse than a thousand years ofthat which our fathers threw off by the Revolution,they have the right, had they the power, to threwthe oppression and bondage that are upon them. Andso it will be, if the nation does not heed our talk. Iprefer reason, remonstrance, moral suasion to the verylast, if possible. I would avert a doom like that frommy country and my friends at the South, by talking;I would avert a doom like that by bringing moralsuasion to bear, in order to hold back the arm of anavenging God, and restrain those bolts of justice whichmust, sooner or later, descend, unless this nation repentsof its iniquity. Abolitionists have talked, andit is very likely they will continue to talk, while theyhave the New York Herald to send their speeches allover the South. I will appeal to every argumentwithin the whole range and compass of humanthought, in order to put an end, at once and forevermore,to this enormous and gigantic system of iniquity. Herald I always feel gratified with any manly and honestcriticism made upon our Society, whether in regardto its principles or its measures. If there be a better wayfor us to pursue, we will thank any one to show uswhere it lies. Our hearty desire is the immediate,unconditional, eternal abolition of slavery, (applause,)and we would leave no stone unturned, no weaponunused, that is lawful, to bring about that desirableevent. I think the American Anti-Slavery Societyis characterized as much by its practical good sense asby its high moral principle, and, indeed, that its goodsense and practical character are seen in its highmoral principle. How shall we abolish slavery in this country? Bystriking hands with slaveholders? by entering into acompromise with those who 'trade in slaves and thesouls of men,' and by giving them the right hand ofChristian fellowship, or the left hand of politicalaffiliation? or shall we come out and be separate?It is by a stern logical and moral necessity that wehave been driven, to demand the dissolution of theUnion. It has not been a step rashly taken by us.We are American born, and we grew up, with theblood given to us, with an almost idolatrous venerationfor the Union. We have had our days of shouting.'The Union forever!' and of glorying in thestar-spangled banner and the American Constitution.These were days of ignorance. Now we abhor theConstitution, and, in the language of this book, pronounceit 'a covenant with death and an agreementwith hell.' (Applause and hisses.) As for the star-spanglebanner, it is clotted with human blood. Itwaves over four millions of the children of God, reducedto the condition of things. We have torn downthat flag, and will not allow it to float any more overour heads. And as for the Union, we say that as itwas based upon certain compromises, everywhere understood,everywhere conceded, whereby slavery wasrendered secure, and the slaveholders had extraordinarypower put into their hands,because they woreslaveholders, it is sinful to uphold it; and we therefore exclaim, 'No Union with Slaveholders!' because they woreslaveholders As for the Republican party, does it deny one ofthese slaveholding guaranties, which the nation hasrecognized from the beginning? No! Does not theRepublican party believe that, by the Constitution,the slaveholder has a right to make slave-huntingground of the entire North? Yes! Does it not concedethat, in proportion to the number of slaves inthe Southern States, the slaveholders may have addedpolitical power? Yes! Does it not believe that, incase a slave insurrection takes place, and the slaveholdersare not able to put it down, they have a rightto call upon the President of the United States, andhe is bound to summon the military and naval powerof the country to suppress that insurrection? Yes!And is not the Republican party ready to take oaththat it will carry out all these conditions as faithfullyas any party that has ever yet appeared in the country?Yes! Then, how can I, claiming to be a friendand representative of the slave, on the day of election,march up to the ballot-box, and give my votefor such a party, and say that I have done a deed forfreedom? I see no hope for the peaceful emancipationof the slave in our county, while the North iswilling to carry out these slaveholding guarantiesand compromises—none whatever. I see nothing beforeus but fire and blood, while the North is resolvedto remain in connection with the South. What is the use of making is a matter of morewords? Nothing can be found in the Constitutionpertaining to slavery, we are told. The word slaveor slavery never has been in that instrument; thereforeno such alleged compromises were ever made.This is verbal criticism. But it is against historicalevidence in regard to the actual design of the instrument.I think the man would insult my understandingwho should come upon this platform, and undertaketo deny that Congress had ever passed a FugitiveSlave bill. But why may he hot? When did Congressever pass such a bill? Examine it, and youwill find that there is not a word in it about giving upa fugitive slave, or about slave-hunting. What is it?It is simply and entirely the language of the Constitutionof the United States. And yet, the enactmentof that Fugitive Slave bill has created such anindignation, such a horror of mind, that the worlditself has shuddered in view of it. Ah! we must goto the meeting of things. True, neither the wordsfugitive slave nor slave-hunter are in the bill; true,its language, on the face of it, is unexceptionable;but the meaning, the intent, the design of it, makesits diabolism, and gives it its power. And so it iseverywhere correctly interpreted and exactly serriedout, according to its intent. Suppose I agree withanother that, in order to suboerve my own purpose, Iwill help him commit some deed of villany. Wedraw up our papers; but, of course, we are shrewdenough not to put down what we intend to do in plainEnglish. We agree upon certain deceptive wordsbetween us, which we mutually understand, andwhich, while they do not technically describe thething, will answer our purpose. I agree to it. Itake the benefit of the crime, and, having obtainedit, I turn round, and defy him to prove that I everagreed to commit any crime whatever. Would thisbe honest? Would it not be a fraud? I take the nation at its word, and that is, that wehave a Constitution whereby slavery is protected bycertain guaranties. The nation has never had adoubt upon this subject. This criticism about words,words, words, is purely exceptional. The peopleeverywhere reject it, and all parties, from the beginningof the government until now, have understoodand conceded the three-fifth slave representation,giving up the fugitive slave, and putting downslave insurrection by the General Government whenevernecessary. It is in their hearts to hare all thesethings done; they meant it from the beginning—theymean it now; and taking thorn at their word, wesummon them to repentance, and tell thorn that theyhave entered into a horrible compact, by their ownshowing, which they are bound to repudiate forever.Is not that to be practical? But, we are told, to dissolve the Union will be toleave the slaves alone. How do I forsake a manwhen I say to another, who baa him by the throat,and whom I have agreed to stand by, and see that hethrottles his victims successfully, 'I can do this nolonger, and will not; but I will prevent your doingit, as far as I can'? Give me the omnipotent North;give me the resources of the eighteen free States ofour country, on the side of freedom, as a great, independent,free empire, and I will ask nothing more forthe abolition of slavery. (Applause.) The hour thatwitnesses the establishment of such an empire willwitness the overthrow of the slave system; for withoutthis North, it is utterly impossible, in the natureof things, for the slave States, degraded and powerlessas they are, to hold a single slave in bondage.Our practical work, then, is to cut the connection.Not to separate ourselves from the slaves, but fromtheir masters. Then, our great, magnificent, invincibleNorth will be Canada all the way through, to allfugitive slaves, (applause,) and it would not taketwenty-four hours to empty the whole South, andextinguish the slave system. That would be the inevitableresult, and the South knows it. The maddestof the fire-eaters have never yet dreamed of separatingfrom us—never! It is all delusion and follyto think that there is anything in their threats ofleaving us, if we refuse to do their dirty work . Notbecause they do not hate us—they do; not becausemay would not like to separate, if they could andlive, but they cannot; not because they would notlike to roll an Atlantic ocean, and the Pacific ad dedthereto, between us, but because it is not in theirpower; for God has put them into our hand, and byoar doing righteousness, and standing by freedom,we can, without shedding a drop of blood, in a singlehoar emancipate every slave on the Southern soil.(Applause.) Bat while this blood-stained Unioncontinues, and the people of the North are ready tobow down in idolatry to it, there is no hope, nonewhatever, of a peaceful abolition of slavery. Thetime will soon come when God will say, Because yehave not proclaimed liberty every man to his neighbor,behold, I proclaim liberty for you to the a sword,saith the Lord'; and we shall have many JohnBrowne raised up to bring slavery to a bloody termination.But I want no bloodshed, if it be possibleto avoid it; and it is possible to end this strugglewithout the shedding of blood. Let the people ofthe North wash their own hands of blood-guiltiness,and there will be no more bloodshed; no more slaveryin the land. Oh, the multitudinous blessingsto grow out of the abolition of slavery to the South,with her beautiful climate, and fertile soil, andboundless resources! Under the plastic power ofFreedom, she will become the garden of God, andlead the world in all that is great and glorious. Iwant to see bar domains so crowded with blamings,by doing righteousness, that there shall not be roomto contain them; and this shall surely come to passby hearkening to the command, 'Undo the heavyburdens, break every yoke, and let the oppressed gofree!' (Applause.) MY FRIENDS—We do not come here merely tosing Gloria in Excelsis; to look into each other'sfaces, and predict good things-for the future. Thereis something else which we have to do, and one mostimportant matter is to consider that our work is notyet done. It is very pleasant thus to look back uponthe peat, and upon the great work which lay beforeus at the commencement of our enterprise, much ofwhich we look upon, now, as already accomplished;and so congratulate ourselves upon that past. It isright thus to rejoice, if thus we gather strength forthe future; bat little use, otherwise, would muchrejoicing be. The importance of this considerationwas especially impressed upon my mind this morning,as I listened to the gentleman who occupied this platforma short time ago, and who, after rendering fulljustice in his testimony to the influence of this Anti-SlaverySociety, and paying high compliments tothose who have labored in connection with It, informedus, as we have often been informed before,that we do not propose any practical remedy for slavery.Now, if we have not proposed a practicalremedy, who in this nation has proposed one? Whatis the practical remedy for error but the continued,uncompromising utterance of the truth? What isthe remedy for any sin but its opposite, righteiousness?Our remedy has always been the same, the preachingof truth, applied to this particular sin of slavery,in all its forms and phases; rebuking it in season andout of season, according to the ability which Godhas given us, and opposing it in word and deed andin daily life. what other remedy can we bringagainst sin but exhorting to righteousness?—whatother remedy for falsehood but the truth? And, sir,if it had needed my answer to this charge, I think Icould have found it in the gentleman's remarks. Hespeaks of the Republican party, and, in connectionwith it, of the power of ideas, evidently feeling, asdeeply as you or I do, the great power of an idea.He knows, as well as you or I do, that it outs deeperthan a sword, goes further than a bullet, and thatthere is nothing like it in all God's universe; and hesays, m the highest praise that he can possibly giveto the Republican party, that it has got for one plankin its platform, a greet idea. They have caught aglimpse, I think he said, of some great truth, andhave made it a plank in their platform, and on thathe firmly planted his foot in defence of that party.Why, sir, our whole platform is made of it; and thatone plank he acknowledges they borrowed from us.Welcome to it. right heartily, are they; I only wishthey had the whole of it. But if their one for slaverymakes their platform a practical remedy for slavery,how much more is our remedy a practical one, andour movement important! (Applause.) I wish, sir,that that gentleman, and all other defenders of theRepublican party, who, looking upon the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, honor its aims and intentions,but somehow think it is not practical, would look atsome of the other planks in their own platform. Howdo they propose to abolish slavery? We repudiatethe fugitive slave statute, which we would not like tosally our lips by calling law. Does the Republicanparty repudiate it? Do any of the leaden proposethat, if the Republican party comes into power, thatinfamous statute shall not be enforced? We proposeto lift up the black man, free and enslaved, in thiscountry, to a level with the white man, by teachingthe doctrine of the equal brotherhood of man and theequal political rights of all man; by repudiating thatterrible prejudice against color which has trampledso many of our fellow-countrymen into the dust, deprivingthem of all means of moral, intellectual andspiritual elevation. How do they propose to remedyit? Y RIENDS Gloria in Excelsis practical remedy for slavery. they A VOICE. By voting. OICE. Miss GREW. Voting for whom, sir? For the man(the best of them all) who repudiates, in the name ofthe Republican party, any desire to make the negroequal with the white man? (Applause.) Vote forhim, the best man you can put into office, and whatwill he do when he is there? Will he repudiate theFugitive Slave statute? Will he lift his finger to givethe black man any of his political rights? I supposethat one plank of which we here heard is the non-extensionof slavery, which the Republican partyboasts of—of which it has a right to boast; we areglad to grant to it all that it may honestly claim.But how is it going to remedy all these other evils?How is it going to abolish American slavery? Thegreat thing, after all, that we are banded to destroy,is slavery. It is not the millions who may hereafterbe enslaved in the Territories for whom we are workingespecially to-day; it is for the millions who arenow wearing bonds in our Southland. Is the Republicanparty going to set them free? If it is, its leadersare continually misrepresenting and belying it.Is it not continually asserting that it is 'the whiteman's party?—that it will not disturb the institutionof slavery where it exists, only it will work mightilyto prevent the chains of slavery from being put uponany other victims? That is very goad, no far as Itgoes; but in that a remedy, a practical remedy, superiorto ours, for this great evil that curses our land? REW. People say, sometimes Abolitionists say, as theylook about and see how the Republican presses, andeven others, have changed their tone, and utter asmuch anti-slavery truth, some of which they neverthink of applying, and never mean to apply where itbelongs, bat which it is cheering for us to hear, 'TheAnti-Slavery Society may as well disband—its workis being done by others. The Churches are wakingup, and the parties, even the Democratic party, aretalking anti-slavery.' This is the temptation whichassails every party of reform, always has and alwayswill; the temptation to stop work too seen; to fancythat more has been done than really has been. Nomatter to what point the Republican party has attained,no matter what heights of moral elevation theTribune and the Post, and other presses, may havereached, the moment the Anti -Slavery Society relaxesits efforts, folds its hands, and leaves its work tobe done by others, that moment the standard of sucha party and such presses comes down, just as certainlyas the mercury falls when the weather become ascolder. If we do not hold up our standard higherthan they are, they will not stay where they are.How came they where they are? Who made theRepublican party? Why, the gentleman who appearedhere to shake hands fraternally with us, today,said we made it. If we have done all this work,it seems to me that we have a practical remedy forsomething; at any rate, that we have some practicalpower for something; and we shall need it all just asmuch in the future as in the past. I always feelgrieved when I hear an Abolitionist say, 'We don'tneed that measure as much as we did, because otherpeople are working with us.' So they are, and sothey will, as long as we work, but not one momentlonger. Do not the political parties and the churcheslaugh to-day at the principle of adherence to absoluteright; call it impracticable, and fanatical, andall that? It is our fondness to be each 'fanatics,'and adhere to that principle, which parries andchurches will follow only afar off; for just as soon asthere are no;fanatics,' the world spiritually will dic.Therefore, let us urge you, Abolitionists, not to lookback, not to take your heads one moment from theplough to which you have put them, not to imaginefor one moment that any other agency can do yourindividual and collective work. For, if ever thisnation needed the utterance of our most uncompromisingsentiments against slavery and the SlavePower, it needs it now, and will for the next fouryears. It is our business to see that this work iswell done. Tribune Post No one can rejoice more than I to witness the accessionto our ranks of any who heartily hate slavery,whether they agree with us on all points ornot. Every one who loves the slave and hates slaverybelongs on our platform, and the longer such an onestays away from as, the more harm he does himself;and when he does come, we hail him with joy. Thosewho have come to enroll themselves with us thisyear, because they love this cause, and are willing tohelp us in our work, we greet fraternally. Somebodysays they come at the eleventh hour; Well,they are welcome at the eleventh hour; welcome toreap where we have sown; welcome to join in thepublic shout, which may be heard in the land veryseen.I need not say to the members of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society that we shall not work in vain;that it is of little importance by what means wework, (so that they be righteous ones,) if we agree inthe great principles on which our Society is founded;no one here needs the assurance that the oppositionmade to our cause, whether by churches or parties,will avail nothing. It is only a question of longer orshorter time; and as we look back upon the eventsof only one year, we sea enough to cheer the saddestheart, to rouse up the most lagging faith, and to kindlehope for the future. As we look over it, we exclaim,with wonder as well as gratitude, 'What hathGod wrought!' and if we ever doubted before, wecannot doubt now. 'Blessed are they who, not havingseen, have believed'; but they who cannot exercisesuch faith as that, can believe now in the successof their enterprise, for they almost see it. Theyhardly need much faith to believe, with the Churchbowing down before it, the Democratic party breakingto pieces at its touch, that even 'the gates of hellshall not prevail against it.' (Loud applause.) may  I was asked last year, when it was my privilege toaddress this Society, how I could occupy this platform,and yet, as I stated in the course of my remarks,vote with the Republican party? that question hasbeen lying over against me one year; I propose brieflyto answer it, to some extent, at this time. It involves,you perceive, two propositions. First, Why am Ihere to-day? Goethe says somewhere, 'The ever-womanlydraweth us on'; and so the last speaker, inher remarks, foreshadowed some of the reasons, atleast, that leads me to occupy this platform to-day,and to esteem it one of the highest privileges of mylife. If, fellow-citizens, you have not felt the manacleswhich clank upon the limbs of the Southern slaveupon your limbs also, I have felt them now for severalyears. If you have not felt that the free spirit of theNorth was chained and crushed beneath the iron heelof Southern despotism, I have felt it, and writhedunder it these many years. When I have seen ourrepresentatives in Congress, instead of standing up forthe rights of the North and demanding that we, a freepeople, should be freely heard in expression of ouropinions, courtesying to this miserable sorceress ofslavery, speaking with bated breath, and only halftheir voice, the word of liberty, and Edward Everettcreeping on his hands and knees into the Senate chamber,and presenting the petition of three thousand citizensof this country, as if he were kneeling at thefeet of some sorceress, and feared she would not listento him—resigning his place soon after (for I supposethe man had some sense of shame still left,) becausehe could not bear the feeling of remorse and ignominythat pressed upon him—when I have seen our representativesin the other hall ready also to do the biddingof the South, I, for one, must confess that I havefelt the chain of which our friend has spoken, and feltas one with the slave, being bound with him. Andit is a matter for congratulation to stand here—here,where at least we may have the satisfaction of sayingthat we are free in a practical protest against slavery.(Applause.) I am here, then, because I am a freemanof America, and this seems to be the place whereI can best assert my freedom from this Slave Powerthat is tyrannizing over the country. In every movement, and especially in this anti-slaverymovement, three things are necessary beforeit can have any practical success in the country. Wemust have a union of three things: the Northernheart must be educated aright; the Northern sentimentand Northern feeling must be strong, and burning,and zealous; the Northern head must be educatedaright; we must have right conceptions and rightideas of our duty in this matter—of our duty to theSouth and our duty to ourselves—and then we musthave strong and willing Northern hands to executeand carry out those conceptions which true sentimentsdictate and true ideas suggest. I stand here to-daybecause this is the manufactory of Northern sentimentupon the slavery question. I do not know, sir, exactlyhow many years you have presided over this manufactory,but among those recollections which shall beprecious to every reader to American history will bethe recollection of the time when you, in some obscuregarret, only aided by a boy, commenced this movement,which has been manufacturing Northern sentimentever since. (Loud applause.) It must be gratifyingto you, and you must allow us o say so, evento your face, to see how this sentiment has gone ongrowing year by year, until, sir, I have now to chargeyou, before this jury of the American people, withhaving broken up the Charleston Convention!(Laughter and applause.) I charge you with havingbroken up the great and united Democratic party ofthis county. (Renewed applause.) I charge you,and the friends who have worked with you, with beingresponsible for all this 'irrepressible conflict,' theturmoil of which has filled the common sir for thepast ten years; I charge upon you the heroism ofmen and women exhibited in the campaign in Kansas;I charge you with the heroism which sent JohnBrown to that fatal day of Harper's Ferry; I chargeyou with all these enormities which have been heapedup against the anti-slavery party; and I am glad tosee that you bear the charge with so smiling a countenanceand a heart, as I believe, full of faith in truthand faith in God. (Cheers.) I am rather glad to behere to make these charges, and see how a jury of mycountrymen will pass upon them. It is a great thing,you know, to have these scapegoats in a country. Inold times, when a nation was guilty of some greatsin, they selected a goat, and, in some mysteriousmanner, heaping all the sins of the community uponhis back, sent him off howling into the wilderness.These brave speakers of ours have been the scapegoatsof this nation for twenty years. The Churchesplace all their sins upon their backs. Whenever aSoutherner finds fault with Northern sentiment, he ispointed to these scapegoats, and told, 'It is all owingto these Northern Abolitionists'; and we try to drivethem off howling into the wilderness, but somehow orother they don't go. They stay with us, and makeour hearts burn and our nerves thrill with their eloquenceupon this great subject, until many of us, underthe shadow of their great protection, are able tostand firm upon this platform who, ten years ago,would not have dared to show our heads even in therear seats of this house. I saw a picture in one ofthe pictorials recently which represented a huge balloon,the top of which was composed of the head andface of Douglas, and the car, which it was lifting withits gas (and he always has plenty of that, you know,)contained his confreres—those who hang by the skirts.It lacked but one thing to make it historically true;and if we had a paper in this country like the EnglishPunch, that picture would have been perfectly carriedout. I needed the figure of Garrison, in the shapeof a demon, (to carry out their conception,) prickingthis balloon and letting out the gas of popular sovereignty,and letting our friend Stephen down to theproper level of his own ignominy. (Laughter and loud applause.) confreres skirts. Punch I say, then, I am glad for many reasons to be here.And now a few words as to the other side of the question.We must have, in every great reform, prophetsand sears; we must have men to stand upon theMount of Vision, and predict the good time coming tothe people. But, somehow or other, it happens thata prophet is rarely the best man for practical methods.It was the case with the greatest prophet that everlived, Jesus of Nazareth. His great soul, filled withthe sublime idea inspired in him by God, could notdescend to those forms and institutions which werenecessary practically to carry out his ideas; and myidea is, that Jesus of Nazareth never gave to his disciplesany such thing as a church form, or made anyattempt at a theological creed. I consider that hiswas too great a soul for any such thing as that; buthe stood upon the Mount of Vision, and allowed himselfto be receptacle of the divine inspirationwhich he poured out upon the people—grand, universaltruths, far-reaching as are the needs of humanity,and universal and all-embracing as are its tastes andcapacities. Such men, I repeat, as seers and prophets,are not the best men to form institutions; and, withall my veneration for my friend Mr. Garrison andthose who have labored with him, I, for one (this beinga free platform,) am free to confess my differenceof opinion in some respects. It seems to me that theyare excellent physicians, in one point of view; theygive as an exact diagnosis of the dispense; they showus the symptoms in the body politic, how the veinsare filled with corruption, and how eruptions arebreaking out upon the surface; but it seems to methat they do not give us a practical method of curingthis disease, such as the exigencies of the time demand.One of the methods, perhaps the chief method,which is afford is the dissolution of the Union. Now,to that method, I am free to say, I wholly dissents, Iam not going to give you a long speech, but in a fewwords let me state my idea upon this point. It seemsto be that our fathers who fought the battles of theRevolution, while they left us this amount of good farourselves and our children, left us also this terribleevil of slavery, which it is our duty to root out andexterminate. It seems to me that whole we acceptthe good which they have left us, it is our duty, asstrong men and understanding the age in which welive, to meet this evil boldly and squarely, and look itfairly in the face, on every field or forum where itmay be presented,. It does not see, to me exactlybold and courageous to cut off the slave from us, anderect a wall between the North and the South, ignoringthe slave. and casting him off. On the contrary,it seems to me that it is may duty, as an Americancitizen, should any crisis demand the use of my rightarm, upon any field, should any crisis demand myvoice in any assembly where that voice is needed, ordemand my vote in that quiet way in which our systemof ballot utters the voice of the people—it is myduty, I say, to look this evil, under any such circumstance,fairly in the face, and insist upon it that theSouth shall deal fairly but the North and by the slave.(Loud applause.) My friends, it seems to me that our fathers left usan undivided farm. Around this farm there is oneimmense stone wall, but no walls dividing it up intoseparate farms. I don't propose to let the South takeall the meadow land away from us. I think it is myduty to keep this farm undivided to the end. Weneed all these varieties of soil and climate. I claimit for liberty, and don't propose to yield one inch toslavery. I claim it for those principles which ourforefathers fought to maintain and left to us as a preciousand sacred heritage, and it seems to me like surrenderinga part of their gift to allow a single acre tobe devoted to slavery, and thus turned aside from thegreat uses for which they intended it. Now, I do not pretend that ht Republican party isat all perfect, or doing so much as I could wish inthat direction. I do not pretend to be very anxiousto elect a Republican President. I am very sure thatwe could not have a Republican President who coulddo more for anti-slavery than James Buchanan hasdone for three years past. The thing is absolutelyimpossible. I feel grave doubts whether the countryis able to bear a Republican President. I am afraidthat there would be such an effort to stand perfectlystraight, as between the North and the South, thatthere would be a falling backwards into the arms ofthe South. I much prefer to a Republican Presidentof that stamp, an open and avowed slave of slavery,like the present President. 'When the gods woulddestroy, they first make mad.' And I should muchprefer one crazy and mad in his devotion to personalambition, and his yielding to the Slave Power. Yousee what work he has made of it. The anti-slaveryprinciple has grown stronger year by year, and everyeffort that he has made to aid the South has resultedin a manner contrary to their desire and to theirwished. I say, therefore, that I do not think the Republicanparty is able to bear the election of theircandidate for the Presidency yet; and though I shallvote for the Republican candidate, I shall have a greatdeal of philosophy, no matter how the returns come in. I am a practical man; I want to do something. Iadmit that the gentlemen who occupy this platformare the fountain and spring of anti-slavery effort;but I, for one, would like to be one of the little pipesthat help to bring those waters so that thy shall fertilizethe land, and practically aid the growth of thecountry. I want to do something, and I think I cando something, in a small way, by continuing my connectionwith the Republican party. Then, there is another idea I have about the Republicanparty. You see how it has been with theSlave Power. Year after year it has increased its demands.Propositions made at one Democratic Conventionhave been excelled in atrocity by propositionsmade at another, until at last a demand was made atthe Charleston Convention, which even Northern Democraticdoughfaces could not endure. Thus theyhave endeavored to carry out the false idea, whichthey have taken to their property in man. Now, myfriends, it is just the same with a true idea. Takeninto the hearts of the people, what is to be the resultof it? You have heard of the fiery cross of Scotland,going form clan to clan, and calling the differentclans to the tents of their chief. It is the same waywith the true idea. When a grand and true ideatakes possession of a nation, that nation must followits bidding, try they never so hardly to resist it. TheRepublican party is inoculated with the discuses, assome call it, of anti-slavery. The Republican partyhas, to some extent, taken to its bosom this true idea,that here can be no such thing as property in men;and all history makes it manifest—I could point youto illustrations filling the whole page of history—thatthere is but one course which the Republican partycan take. Its newspapers may seek to smooth overmatters, its leaders may seek to temporize, they mayset up a great brazen idol at Chicago, and call uponthe people to fall down and worship it, but this ideais in the hearts of the people, and the Republicanparty must do its bidding. I will predict here the course of the Republicanparty. I say it will be compelled to follow the ideaof the people. I predict that as the Democratic partyhas been compelled to put plank after plank into itsplatform each excelling the other in ignominy, so theRepublican party, which has taken, not a falls, but atrue idea, will be compelled to put plank after plankinto its platform each better and more fully representingthe anti-slavery idea. The repeal of theFugitive Slave law will certainly be, in my opinion,a plank in the platform of the Republican party.The utter abolition of slavery int eh District ofColumbia will be another, Oh, that is one of thehardest things for an American to bear— to go whereour country's representatives most, and where therepresentatives of foreign powers go to have intercoursewith our government, and see the flak of Slaveryfloating from the capital; to go into society atWashington, and find it all tainted with this corruption;so that to utter a single sentiment is to exileone's self form all social hostility. I say, then,that another plank will be put into the Republicanplatform—the abolition of slavery in the District ofColumbia, or else the removal of the national capitalto freer and purer soil.(Loud applause.) I think, also, that we have got to go a step father.Inexorably logical is the progress of a true idea. Itmust follow, of necessity, in the path marked out byGod. Men may temporize, men may talk about expediency,but a true idea is inexorably logical in itscourse, and, when once started, 'will have free course,run and be glorified' I want to read to you two resolutionspassed by the seceding portion of the DemocraticConvention at Charleston, when the split tookplace which was caused by our friends hare:— Resolved, That the platform adopted by the Democraticparty at Cincinnati be affirmed, with the followingexplanatory resolutions:— First, That the government of a Territory organized by an act of Congress is provisional and temporary,and during its existence all citizens of the UnitedStates have an equal right to settle with their propertyin the Territory, without their rights, either ofperson or property, being destroyed or injured byCongressional or Territorial legislation. Second, That it is the duty of the Federal Government,in all its departments, to protect the rights ofpersons and property in the Territories, and whereverelse its constitutional authority extends. Well, that reads very innocently, does it not? Butthose are the very resolutions which the other portionof the Democratic party could not accept. Yet,it is all very innocent, is it not? Do we not all feelthat the citizens of a State have a right to be protectedin their personal property in the national territories?And what can the Republican party say tothis—what answer can they make to this resolution?The only logical answer that is left to them— and thatanswer they will be compelled to make, as this issuereaches its culmination—is that there can be no suchthing as property in man. (Loud applause.) Why,all may agree to these resolutions. They are goodAmerican resolutions; I could sign them myself, but Ishould wish it to be distinctly understood that I didnot mean to endorse the ides, by the use of that littleword 'property,' that there can be such a thing asproperty in man. The Republican leaders may attemptto smooth over this thing; the Tribune maytalk Douglas one day, and Bates the next; they maytake a barren word, and try to make the Americanpeople prostrate themselves before, the progress of one ofGod's ideas is inexorably logical, and they cannothelp this 'irrepressible conflict' that has been declared;they must take this ground, that man cannotrightfully hold property in man, or else they have noground to stand upon. They will be in the conditionof the Convention that meets to-day in Baltimore,which proposes to resolve, I suppose, that alldiscussion of the question of slavery is wrong, andmust be immediately abolished; a Convention whichdoes not intend to have any platform—and why?Because they have got nothing to stand on, (laughter,)and hence they have no planks with which tobuild a platform. A Convention composed of superannuatedfossila, in which one may refresh his memoryof the politics of the middle ages, but in whichnothing is to be found of the sparkle and life of theAmerican of to-day. They remind me of an anecdoteof one of the Presidents of Harvard College, inthe early days, when the students were not so numerousas they are now, and the President knew thefamilies and the genealogy of all the boys in the college.One of the boys came to him one day with arueful face, and asked to be allowed to go home.'Why,' said he, 'what for?' 'I want to go home tobury my grandmother.' 'O,' said the President,'your maternal or paternal grandmother?' 'It ismy grandmother on my mother's side.' 'Ah, yes,'said the President: 'Mrs. Smith. Well, you may gohome; it's time she was buried; she died four yearsago!' (Great merriment.) I feel the same wayabout our friends, the fossils. They are going to burythe Whig party, and it is high time, for it died morethan four years ago; (laughter;) and I am afraid theConstitutional party will be what they call a 'disappointment,'and be rather still-born. Tribune I think, then, that we have everything to encourageus at this time. I believe that the necessity ofthe case will drive the Republican party to standabout where you stand now. I believe that the lawsof emigration and population are with us. Everycensus-taker who carries the returns to Washingtonfrom our growing and elastic Northern States is ananti-slavery worker in disguise, even though he havea commission from James Buchanan in his pocket. Ihave sometimes felt almost afraid that the Southwould into free and prevent the taking of the censusthis year, so damaging will be its results to them, becauseit will show that the North, glowing with freelabor, is elastic and growing, while the South is totteringto decay. The North attracts population fromforeign countries, the South seeks only to attract populationfrom Africa, and it is to be hoped that the dayis near at hand when that means of emigration willbe put a stop to. I know the discouragement of those who put expediencyout of sight, but it is a great thing to standfor truth and an idea; and though some of the humbleworkers of this cause may go to their graveswithout knowing that they have done anything tohelp it, yet there will be a joy and peace given tothem which shall make their lives happy, and maketheir passage into the other world more peaceful andserene. For one, I would willingly wander the fortyyears in the desert, if from some Pisgah I might lookinto the promised land, and feel that the time wascoming when my children should enjoy an Americaabsolutely free; when no more the groans of the slavesshould reach their ears; when no more our fellowcreatures should be compelled to box themselves upas living freight, and be transported on our railroadstowards the North star; when no more should Northerncitizens fear to go to the South, lost they shouldbe imprison ed and subjected to indignity—a time inwhich this Democratic idea of which we think somuch shall be really carried out, and America bebe given up to Religion, to Liberty, and to Law.(Loud applause.) [☞ This speech preceded those of Miss Grew andMr. Garrison, to which they were in reply.] More than a quarter of a century since, the Societyupon whose platform I now stand was organized forthe specific and sole purpose of waging a war of exterminationsagainst chattel slavery. The docrine it proclaimedin 1833,it enforces in 1860. They are thesame, because human rights are the same, human dutiesare the same. Its founders were not superficial thinkers. Theylooked into the philosophy of life, into the nature ofman, and the purposes of his Creator. The cause theyknew not, they searched out. Having ascertained thecharacter of slavery, the path of duty was plain.The unchangeable principles upon which their enterpriseswas based attest alike the wisdom of the founders,and the ultimate triumph of their cause. Likethe Great Teacher who condensed his whole systemof ethics into two commandments, so they reducedthis subject to the simplest propositions. First, theslave has a right to freedom; second, it is the duty ofthe master to emancipates him, immediately; third, itis our right and our duty to oppose every institution,every organization, every measures of policy, everyexpression of opinion that tends to delay the period ofthe slave's deliverance. We stand here, then, to-day,making direct issue with the Slave Power. We knowits strength. We know that the wealth, politics, literatureand religion of the country are the four corner-stoneson which it rests. And yet we are hereto reiterate these simple truths. The truth is mighty,and it will prevail. immediately We are told that the slaves are well fed and wellclothed. That is nothing to our argument. Butthey are happy! So much the worse for the master.If he has obliterated the line between the man andthe brute, I should rather not stand in his place whenhe goes to judgment. Slavery cannot be covered upwith broadcloth and a bandanna. It cannot be maderespectable, not even with the cast-off clothingof the master. Gilt buttons and gold chains do nothelp it. These things sub serve two purposes only;they gratify the vanity of the master, and befoolNorthern divines who go down there for South-sideviews. It is chattalism that we war with. It is bringinginto subservience one man to the will of another,making him for another's benefit. using him foranother's pleasure, and convenience, and interest,against which we enter our protest. The question isnot the color of his cont, or the kind, but the colorof the statute under which he is enslaved. Thequestion is not what he eats, or how much moneyshall be spent upon him, but it is this, Shall he berecognized as a man? We make no issues with theabuses of power, with the incidents of the system,or any of its natural results. We have no contestswith whips, and gaga, and chains, and thumbscrews,but with that organized and legalized power thattears away the crown of manhood, and brands thehuman being as a brute. Hence, all the representationsof Northern apologist, of Union-saving partisans,that the slaves are fat and sleek, contented andhappy, fall to the ground. They have no bearingupon the question. Mr. President, the Americans are full of sympathyfor the oppressed of other lands. I am glad that itis so. When Greece shook off the dust of her degradation,and went forth to battle with the Moslemhost, the sympathy of our people was there, their aidwas there. When Poland struck for freedom, and,single-handed and alone, stood up against the legionsof the North, the prayer of this nation went up asfrom one man, 'God save the land of Kosciusko!'Aye, the offerings of the friends of Italy is yet freshupon the altar. When Garibaldi needed arms, armswere sent him, and a thousand generous wishes besides. But, ladies and gentlemen, among those whom weseek to deliver, there are no cultivated intellects, nomen of position and influence, no manly Pole or nobleGreek, no Maxxini, no Kossuth, but only ignorant,degraded American slaves. We think this factplace us under far greater obligation to labor in theirbehalf. We are responsible, in a great measure, fortheir oppression. We have made them what theyare, and it is the part of common justice to try to repairthe injury we have done. The benevolence ofthe ago, the Christ of the present, teaches us that becausethe slaves are poor, and ignorant, and degraded,and coarse, and repulsive, we should humble ourselvesin the dust, and beg them to forgive the unmeasuredwrongs we have heaped upon their race. The question arises, Why do the people of thiscountry sustain slavery? They do not think it right.They do not think it God-ordained. It would implytoo much spiritual degradation to suppose thatthey believe any such thing. Chas. O'Conor maybelieve it, and Benjamin Brewster, and a few others—just enough to prove that total depravity is asound point in our Orthodox creed. But why do thousand and tens of thousands thusdirect their influence, when they know that the systemis a curse to the master, a grievous wrong to theslave, as Jefferson said? It is difficult to tell; thoughwe see in one case that the success of party seemsto require it. It is needed to get office, or to retainit. The peace and prosperity of Zion are supposedto demand the sacrifice. The cloud that hangs overSouthern trade must be swept away, or show a sliverlining. Social position requires such concession, perhaps—a compromise of principle whose lubricationswill prevent the jar of discord, and thus preserve theharmony of each particular sphere. There is a large class who are neglectful, thoughtless—don't care anything about the slaves—wish theywere all in Guinea, or in Central America, perhaps—for they are tired of this negro question. These aregenerally people of good impulses, but have no judgmentnor reflection. They desire what is right in themain, though the desire is not sufficiently strong toput forth an effort for its accomplishment. Theywould like to have the kingdom of heaven come tothem, but they cannot take the trouble to go to it.Like that low order of animals that are attached to arock in the water, they receive simply what the currentbrings within their grasp. They hope that theirchurch don't sustain slavery, but that matter is leftto the pastor. It is true, they sometimes quote,'Thus saith the Lord,' but it matters little to themwhether it is the Lord of Sinai, or the celebrated Dr.Lord of Dartmouth College. The latter is just aboutas good authority as the former with them. Quite unlike these is another class, who are makingthe ago bright with incessant activity. The artsand the sciences, manufactures and commerce, literature,law and divinity, attest their mental vigor, andthe scope of their powers. But talk about the unityof the race! the doctrine is as fabulous, in their eyes,as the mythology of the ancients. Talk about thatclaim of human brotherhood that circles this worldof ours, binding all to each, and each to all linkingthe interest of the most degraded with that of themost exalted, and they regard you as one demented. It is thus, through culpable indifference, throughan avowed approval from fancied self-interest, a servileacquiescence, and a want of understanding of humanbrotherhood, that slavery curses our nation atthe present time, and the despots of the Old Worldrejoice at the practical failure of Democracy in theNew. I felt like saying this much in relation to the fundamentalprinciples upon which our movement isbased, and the apathy and interested motives that retardits advancement. On the present occasion, I didnot propose to make any appeal on behalf of theslaves in the Southern portion of this confederacy.The few words I have to utter in continuation will beaddressed to the slaves of the North. I will not ask you, ladies and gentlemen, to adoptour platform. You may not have faith in it. Youmay not be prepared for the sacrifices it involves. Andyet, I believe, our cardinal doctrines are never proclaimedbut they reach that portion of the humanheart which God keeps sacred to himself. If theybe not heeded, the consequences are inevitable. I will not ask you to come up to that lower plane,and make issue with the incidents of the system. Iwill not ask you to enter, in any way, into the wrongsof four millions of American bondmen. They havebeen robbed, but I will ask you to bring to judgmentthe robber. They have been beaten, and bruised, andtrampled in the dust; they have been herded togetherlike swine, marriage taken away, domestic tiesscoffed at, learning forbidden; all the injustice and oppressionthat can be inflicted upon a subjected peoplehas been inflicted upon them, but I will not ask youto take vengeance upon the perpetrators of thesecrimes. I will not ask you to rescue from the suction-blockyoung and beautiful women, who are to bedragged away where the dark cloud of evil passionsspends itself in fearful ruin. I will not ask you tocomfort the slave mother whose heart is freightedwith agony at the sale and the eternal loss of herchild. I will not ask you to stay the hand of anyMargaret Garner that is raised to take the life of herloved ones to save them from a late worse than death.I will not ask you to listen to the wail of despair fromthe rice swamps. I will not ask you even to see theprostrate victims who, with outstretched arms, haveso long implored your help. No! no! I will notask you to be humane. I will not even inquire whetheryou have any humanity. You may shut youreyes, and stop your cars, and harden your hearts, andtotally ignore the slave and all his wrongs, if youplease. Keep him wholly out of sight and out ofmind till the day of retribution shall come. He canbear the yoke. His father and his father's fatherbore it before him. He can drink of the cup theydrank, and receive such baptism of suffering as overwhelmedthem. Let him alone, forget him, if youwish! But, in the name of all the patriarchs and heroesthat have gone before you, in the name of Libertywhom you profess to adore, let me warn you not tobe beguiled into forgetfulness of your own rights!Let no deceitful dream, in relation to freedom whichwas bequeathed by your fathers, blind you to the factthat you are a conquered people, and that there isfar more cause for resistance to tyrants now, in yourown case, than there was in the days of the fathers.Don't close your eyes to the manacles on your limbs.Don't shut out the fact that slavery firmly controlsthe press, the pulpit, the judicial bench, as with theiron hand of fate, and, in its reign of terror, sacrificesto public resentment and to private malice theproperty, life, liberty, all the dearest interests ofthose who claim to be free. Let me remind you of all the martyrs to the causeof freedom from Elijah P. Lovejoy down to the lastvictim which Virginia sacrificed in her bloody drama.Let me recall to your memory all the friends of humanitywho have suffered captivity for practical righteousness,from the time that Charles T. Torrey diedin a Maryland prison even to the recent day when theRev. Daniel Worth (who seems to be worth a score ofcommon Reverend) escaped from a Carolina jail.Let me speak of the utter humiliation of our peoplein suffering a series of floggings which have beentransferred from the backs of slaves to the backs oftheir friends, and which hare increased in frequencyas the power of slavery increased, until they havenow become so numerous that one can hardly namethem. Call to mind the expulsions of Northern men,since Carolina sent home the official agent of Massachusetts,and which, within the last six months, havecome thick and fast, until Kentucky capped the climaxof despotism by driving from Berea her own native-borncitizens. Think of our boast of a free press,and of laws for the protection of property, and thenremember how printing-offices have been assailed,from the time the first printing press was buried inthe Ohio river down to the lawless violence in Kansasand Kentucky, and the peril of Cassius M. Clayand his friends in the latter State. worth But I will not detail these outrages. Read the'New Reign of Terror,' and ponder upon the ignominioustreatment our people endure—treatment towhich none but a race of slaves would ever submit.Shall I be told that these are simply the acts of individuals,and of individual States, which are drunkwith the blood of the bondman, and are clinging witha death-like grasp to the institution? It must beexpected that they will commit deeds of madness.Turn, then, to the action of the Federal Government.Those who have read its history need not be told thatslavery is its vital and animating principle. Whetherthe administration has been Federal, Democratic orWhig; whether it has been the friend or the foe ofembargo or non-intercourse acts; whether it has advocatedor opposed a national bank; whether it hasfavored or discouraged a protective tariff, or a tarifffor revenue; it has ever been true to this system ofoppression, and made everything else subsidiary to it.Since the practice of compromise was introduced bythe ordinance of '87, our history has been a series ofalmost uninterrupted concessions on the part of freedom,and of triumphs on the part of slavery. they The adoption of the Constitution was followed bythe Fugitive Slave law of 92, and that has givenplace to the more odious one of 1860. The purchaseof Louisiana led to the more recent purchase ofFlorida, and the ambitions designs upon Cuba andother territory farther south. The establishment ofslavery in the District of Columbia led to the openingof the domestic slave trade there. The power of ourgovernment at home has been used to sustain thisinstitution, while the strength of its foreign diplomacyhas been directed to its prosperity and its perpetuity.Learned judges have construed law in favor of humanbondage, and recognized in the oppressor rights whichare denied to the advocates of freedom. But it isneedless to specify. It is sufficient to say, the germof compromise planted in our organic law has broughtforth bitter and accursed fruit. I trust that the scenewhich the present unfolds to our view is the culminationof that wicked and mistaken policy which endeavoredto unite and protect in the same governmentthe two opposing principles of human freedomand of chattel slavery. There can be no mistake in this matter. The abusesof governmental patronage, the organized violationsof natural rights, no one will question; or that everyeffort which the North has made to place freedom inthe ascendant has only shown that she is hopelesslybound to the support of despotism. In view of thesefacts, I unhesitatingly declare that while forbearancehas ceased to be a virtue, passive endurance has becomethe shelter of the coward. But we might let many of three things pass as apage of history that it is hardly worth while to exhume,as we live fast, in this fast age, and forgetvery soon; but there are the present aggressions ofthe Federal Government trampling under foot therights of every man who is hostile to slavery. Kansasand her outrages may be forgotten by us, the trace ofruffianism may wholly fade from her beautiful plains,yet we know there are human hearts that have notforgotten, and that never will forget, and, I suppose,it might be wisdom in us to remember that, underlike circumstances, we should suffer like indignities.Bury in oblivion, if you wish and if yon can, thatbase attack upon Senator Sumner, and the shamefulneglect with which the Senate treated it, but don'task him to forget those days of suffering, and thatweary pilgrimage in a foreign land; and I think self-interestmight cause you to remember that whenevera like opportunity offers, you may suffer in a similarway. Forget, if you will, that the United Statesmarines were despatched for the support of Slavery,in the hour of her extremity at Harper's Ferry; forget,too, that they guarded the Virginia gallows fromwhich John Brown passed to a glorious immortality,but don't ask the stricken ones at North Elba to forgetthese things; and it would be well to remember,for our own sake, that our conscientious convictionswill avail us naught in a contest with this powerthat oppresses us. Class, if you will, Judge Taney's Dred Scott decisionwith the things of the pest, which are bound byno visible link to the present, there is still no lack ofmatter to show that neither under State nor Federalgovernment has any lover of freedom any adequateprotection for his rights. Go down to the city of Washington, enter its jail,and ask Thaddeus Hyatt how this matter stands.Congress, through Senator Mason's InvestigatingCommittee, attempted to compel him to answer suchquestions as they chose to propound. He deniedtheir right, and fully demonstrated their want ofpower. And this contumacious witness thereby becameguilty of contempt. With a wonderful economy,the officers of judge, jury, accuser and executionerwere combined in one, and, without any chance ofappeal, except to the high court of public opinion.Thaddeus Hyatt moat stay in jail till the Senate shallconclude he has suffered enough, or until he haspurged himself of contempt; and I do not see bowany sensible man can ever purge himself of contemptfor the present American Congress! Thus does theUnited States Senate act within the Capital where ithas the power. It sends its-agents abroad—sends up to Concord—that holy battle-ground—for Frank B. Seaborn. Hedid not choose to obey their bidding. He was free,and meant to remain so. They seized him; tried toran him off South on an opposition undergroundrailroad. But for the timely aid of a MassachusettsCourt, he might now be lying in jail I hope Concordwill vindicate the reputation she once acquired,and stand ready to inaugurate a new revolution forthe rights of man, no matter by what power thoserights are assailed, and, if need be, to bring outagain those time-honored arms that were successfullyused by the rebels of 1775. Why wait any longer? Why delay the settlementof this question? It must come, sooner or later.We have no reasonable ground for hope that our conditionwill be bettered. It is not with us as it waswith the Fathers. They had everything to encouragethem. Then freedom was strong, and slaverywas weak. Freedom has been nursed in the camp,and baptized on the battle-field. It was vigorous,and grew into stately proportions. Slavery was totteringwith feebleness and wasting with want.  Itwas expected soon to die, and the hour of its dissolutionappeared to be very near. Then freedom was strong, and slavery Unfortunately, it lived, it grew, it waxed strong.It has become a legislator, a ruler, and twenty millionsof professed freemen now humble themselvesbefore its power. Now freedom is weak. She trembleswith fear. She often hides away. God onlyknows where. Not in the hearts of men, surely. We have very much to discourage us. When menread the doctrine of human equality by the gleaminglight of British sabers, they read it aright.  Whenthey wrote out their protests against oppression inhuman blood, they meant something. But now menlook through the powerful lens of a mistaken self-interest, and their eyes are full of gold dust, and theycan't see; and they talk about liberty in faintestwhispers, and it don't mean anything. Did not lee, and Pinckney, and Randolph, andHenry all unite in condemning slavery?  Whatevertheir practice may have been, those bitter denunciationsshow that conscience was yet alive; that theyBut the system which was tolerated as anevil then, is now cherished as an institution involvingthe commission of no wrong. It has been legalized,sanctioned and sanctified, and neither from Southernpress, nor pulpit, nor forum, nor legislative hall isheard scarcely a word of misgiving or of condemnation.Even the Old Dominion, that once boasted ofthe statesmen she gave to the country, now exults in the number of chattels she raises for the market.The counsels of her Jefferson, her Monroe and herHenry are forgotten, and in their place come themaudlin ravings of her misnamed Wise. Every slave State is in a similar condition. Themanhood of their statesmen has sickened and diedunder the long-continued exercise of despotism.  Thepublic conscience is dead. The corrupting influencesof this system are seen everywhere. It is true, liberalprinciples have made progress among a certain classat the North, and the moral atmosphere has been tocleared up that the crack of John Brown's rifle wasechoing and re-echoing among all the valleys andhills of this Republic; yet slavery has also becomeexacting, and many from whom we expected betterthings have become the embodiment of sicklyservility. We started out as a nation with principles that willbear the test of ages far more virtuous than our won;and now, within the short space of eighty-five years,we are within the eddying circle of a maelstrom thatthreatens speedy destruction. We were regarded as a people who dared to maintain the doctrine of man'scivil, political and religious liberty; and now we areregarded as a people who make slavery an interestparamount to all other interests. We have brought sorrow and sadness to the heartof every liberal in the old world. We have disappointed,their fondest hopes. The venerable Humboldt,long before he died, despaired utterly of thesuccess of our republican experiment.  Lafayettewent to the grave with the declaration on his lipsthat if he had known what use we were going tomake of our liberty, he would never have drawn thesword in our behalf. The muzzled press of Europeregularly retails accounts of our slave-hunting andwoman whipping, and seasons then with sneers atbeautiful American liberty, and gives them as specimentsof American democracy. All this humiliation we must submit to, so long asFreedom is yoked with the foul and loathsome hagof Slavery, and compelled to drag with her the car ofState. Now, I ask, in all seriousness, have we not sufferedenough? Have we not been used long enough astools of the Slave Power? Your money has beentaken to sustain it, your reputation to make it respectable,your religion to sanctify it.' And yet you submit.Can't you be maddened into manhood. Isthere no heroism in the present time! Would anyman here dare to sign a Declaration of Independence?Would he sign it as Carroll did! He wroteout Charles Carroll of Carrollton, so that when theTories came with their halter, they might knowwhere to find him. I believe that the time has nowarrived when we must choose whether slavery shalltread out the last spark that slumbers upon Liberty'saltar, or whether American freedom shall fulfil thepromises of its birth. Are we afraid to meet the question! Shall wecoward-like, shrink from the contest, and bequest toour children the dark and loathsome curse. Shallwe throw upon them the burden of this battle forhuman rights, embarrassed as they would be by ourcowardice and our procrastination? I leave this question for each of you to settle individually. 

 Places are wanted for two lads from the great Southernprison-house of slavery, one 15 and the other 17years of age. They have been house servants, butare willing and ready to go on trial to do any kind ofwork they are able to do. Apply to T.F. WALLCUT,221 Washington Street, or by letter to FRANCISJACKSON, Boston. 

 The announcement, in our last number, of the veryserious illness of THEODORE PARKER, has preparedour readers for the further intelligence that be departedthis life at Florence, on the 10th of May. hehas thus been removed in the maturity of his marvellousfaculties and powers, before completing hisfiftieth year; having performed an immense amountof brain-work as scholar, a thinker, a philanthropist,and a reformer, yet leaving undone much thathis teeming mind and noble heart were constantlyprojecting. He had a large ambition, but it was toserve his race, and to banish superstition and errorfrom the earth. His ability to acquire knowledge toevery direction, was most extraordinary, yet notgreater than his disposition to see that knowledgewith unbounded prodigality for the enlightenmentand welfare or his fellow-men. Few men have everpossessed such powers of analysis and classification,reasoning from cause to effect, and showing the relationof things on a broad and philosophical basis.His works will be a splendid legacy to posterity.They are more read and better known in Europe thanthose of any other ethical writer in America andhave already revolutionized the ideas and opinions ofa vast multitude on both sides of the Atlantic. Howeveropen to criticism in some of the respects, they challengeuniversal admiration for their scholarly proficiencyand moral independence. Mr. Parker dared to betrue to his highest convictions, and to utter themboldly, at great cost to his reputation; knowing thathe would be branded as a heretic, and represented as'a pestilent and seditious fellow.' It was not in hisnature to wish to be singular, or to give offence inany direction; but he could not lay aside his manhood,or suppress his honest opinions, much as hedesired to live in peace with all men. His personalfriends were very strongly attached to him, for theyknew his worth, and saw the daily beauty of his life.His death makes a void so great that it seems difficultto conjecture how it can ever be filled; but Providence is never put to any extremity, andnone of its designs are ever foiled by the removal ofany man, however useful or great. We join, with agreat multitude, in proffering our tenderest sympathiesto his estimable widow, who was so eminentlyworthy to be the partner of one so widely renowned,and to whom he was so largely indebted for the joysand felicities of domestic life. HEODORE ARKER  We have no room, this week, further to expressour feelings in view of this great bereavement. 

 The office of the MASSACHUSETTS ANTI- SLAVERYSOCIETY, and also that of theLIBERATOR, have beenremoved from 21 Cornhill to the Washington Building,221 Washington Street, directly opposite FranklinStreet-third story. The change of position is avery desirable one, and the accommodations are morespacious and agreeable. ASSACHUSETTS NTI LAVERY OCIETY IBERATOR 

 ANNUAL REPORT of the American Anti-Slavery Society,by the Executive Committee, for the yearending May 1st, 1859. New York; 1860. NNUAL EPORT This Annual Report, the publication of which hasbeen thus long delayed by unavoidable circumstances,series the particular attention of every friend of theAnti-Slavery cause. In this age, throughout the world as well as in ourown country, there is such a rapid succession of eventsof strutting interests and momentous importance, thatthe latest tends to displace its predecessors form ourmemories and minds. We all need this abstract, thiscompendium of the salient points of a year's history,not to loss the remembrance of important steps in themarch of freedom. The first enemy, INDIFFERENCE,is overcome and annihilated. Never more will thishad enjoy quiet, freedom from intense and increasingagitation, while slavery lasts. And this pamphlet of144 pages gives us a vivid and intensely interestingpicture of the manner in which all the departmentsof our national and social life have felt the pressureand yielded to the force of this question, which issteadily advancing to take its rightful precedence ofevery other question in this country—shall slaveryreign supreme, or be annihilated? NDIFFERENCE The history of Slavery and Anti-Slavery for theyear in question is condensed under the followingheads:— Kansas—Oragon—Cuba—The Southern Republican—New Slave State in prospect—New Demand of theState Power—The Foreign Slave Trade—The DoemsticSlave Trade—Kidnapping—Persecution of the freeColored People—Alleged Negro Inconpacity—Manumissions—New legal Doctrians—Fugitive Slave Cases—Rescues and their Consquesness—Southern Lawlessnessand barbarism—Action of State—The Church—TheTract Sociateis—The American Board—Foreign Intellgence—Obitrary—Agents, Publications, &C Kansas—Oragon—Cuba—The Southern Republican—New Slave State in prospect—New Demand of theState Power—The Foreign Slave Trade—The DoemsticSlave Trade—Kidnapping—Persecution of the freeColored People—Alleged Negro Inconpacity—Manumissions—New legal Doctrians—Fugitive Slave Cases—Rescues and their Consquesness—Southern Lawlessnessand barbarism—Action of State—The Church—TheTract Sociateis—The American Board—Foreign Intellgence—Obitrary—Agents, Publications, &C As the event of no preceding year have been moreimportant, so the record of none has been more intenselyinteresting than this. Every one of the itemsabove mentioned than this. Every one of the itemReport should be made to do active service towardsthe overthrow of slavery in its strong-hold-in theSTATES —Where the Republican are now re-pledgingthemselves to protects it.—C.K.W. TATES NONE AND COLLAGE. A Public Address delivered inthe Hall of the Massachusetts House of Representatives,March 8, 1860. By F.D.Huntington,Preacher to the University, and Plummer Professorm, of Christian Morals in Harvard College. Boston:Crosby, Nichols, Let ft Co., 117 Washingtonstreet. 1860. ONE OLLAGE. The address contains some pregnant suggestions asto collage, and is well written and handsomelyprinted. Its perusal cannot fail to prove serviceableis the direction intended. 

 MARRIED—In this city, May 17, in BulfinchPlace Church, By Rev. Mr. Alger, Mr. JOHN BARRETT,of Concord, to Miss JULIA A. ROBBINS,of Boston. OHN ARRETT ULIA OBBINS 

 ☞THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY for June, has the followinghot of articles:—'The Future of AmericanRailways,' by Thomas C. Clarke. C.E.; 'In a Fog,'by E.H. Home; 'The Granadan Girl's Song,' byMiss Prescott; 'The Humming Bird;' 'Spring Song,'by Aubrey de Vera, London; ' Chess,' by M.D.Conway, Cincinnati; 'Model Lodging House in Boston,'by Charles E. Norton; 'A Short Campaign onat Hudson,' by F. Sheldon; 'Thine,' by FlorencePercy; 'The Representative Art,' by Adam Badeau;Robs di Roma, The Evil Eye, Ice.,' by W.W. Story;Pythagoras,' by T.B. Aldrich; ' Clarion's Picture,'By Edward Spencer; ' Japan,' by E.H. House; 'TheVineyard Saint,' by Bayard Taylor; 'The Professor'sStory;'; 'The Sphinx's Children,' by Miss Rose Terry;Reviews and Literary Notices.' HE TLANTIC ONTHLY 

 PARLOR GRATES in great variety, embracingmore than sixty different patterns, varying inprices from three to sixty-five dollars. sixty different patterns three to sixty-five dollars. PARLOR STOVES of superior designs, including thePORTABLE HOT-AIR RADATING PARLORGRATE, the most elegant heating apparatus fordrawing-rooms and parlors ever invented. PORTABLE HOT-AIR RADATING PARLORGRATE COOKING-STOVES of the latest and most approvedpatterns, including the 'Clipper Improved', 'MountVernon', and ''Gold Modal.' 'Clipper Improved', 'MountVernon 'Gold Modal. DINING-ROOM STOVES, with ovens, includingthe ;Beauty,' of new and chaste design, and in itsoperation entirely superior to any cast from 'ParlorOven Stove' ever introduced into this market. ;Beauty operation —ALSO— A large assortment of Office and Shop Stoves; Castingsfor the PROUTY AND MEARS'S Stoves andFurnaces, &C &C Castings PROUTY AND MEARS'S AT BY ALLEN S. WEEKS.23, 25 and 27 New Friend Street,(Between Union and Hanover Streets,)BOSTON. June 1—coptf 

 Boston, May 30, 1860. MR. GARRISON: SIR—'Honor to whom honorglut' it a sentiment all approve; but, suppose thereverse should happen? I allude to an incident thataccrued it the Methodist Convention now in sessionst Buffalo. One day, an individual entered the Convention,and the entire assembly rose upon their feet,and he was invited to a seat on the platform. Whowas this individual so highly honored? A man whogave his name to a certain document known as theFugitive slave BUI, and who, by a very short sentence,could bare killed the bill—to wit, MILLARD FILLMORE!As this fact was duly reported in the papers, but excitedso comment, I thought I would call your attentionto the same. GEO.W.SIMONDS. R. ARRISON IR the entire assembly rose upon their feet,and he was invited to a seat on the platform. ILLARD ILLMORE 

 FASNIONABLY ENGRAVED BYE.A. TEULON, 1401-2 WASHINGTON STREET, BOSTON. Directly opposite the Old South Church. —ALSO— WEDDING BILLETS, 'At Home,' &c. WEDDING ENVRLOPES, in great variety. WEDDING CAKE BOXES, new styles. MOURNING NOTE PAPER and ENVELOPES, ALL AT VERY LOW PRICES May 18. eop6m. 

 Mary Carpenter, of Bristol, England, is informedthat I have received the valuable box of clothingwhich sent by ship Havelock; m donation for thenoble family of John Brown, who laid down his lifeso free the slaves. Tim box is at worthy to be remembered as the'alabaster box of very precious ointment,' that waspared on the head of Him who came to 'open theprison doors and set the captives free'—and it will be,Whatever the gospel of humanity may be trulypreached. FRANCIS JACKSON. 

 The only preparation that has aEUROPEAN REPUTATION.Warranted not to contain deleterious substances. EUROPEAN REPUTATION. This pleasant and valuable preparation has been usedfor many years by hundreds of the most distinguishedand wealthy persons, who have previouslytried all the nostrums of the daywithout success, some even injuringtheir hair and health. This isentirely different fromall others. 'IS THERE ANY VIRTUE INMrs. S.A. Allen's Hair Restorative?' We can answer this question by saying that wehave already seen persons who have derived benefitfrom it. 'Persons personally known to us have come voluntarily,and told us of good results to either themselvesor friends, who have used it before it because knownin St. Louis.' St. Louis Presbyterian. St. Louis Presbyterian. MRS.S.A. ALLEN'S HAIR RESTORATIVE hasgiven universal satisfaction, wherever it has beenused. It can be used with perfect safety, and itsperfect freeness from all soiling, renders it a verydesirable article for the toilet,' Ch'n Witness and Ch. Advocate, Boston, Mass. Ch'n Witness and Ch. Advocate, Boston, Mass. 'MRS.S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORERis worthy of confidence.' Philadelphia Christian Chronicle. Philadelphia Christian Chronicle. 'Incomparably the best preparation we have everused.' N.Y. Evangelist. N.Y. Evangelist. All are compelled to acknowledge MRS. S.A. ALLEN'S as the Hair Restorer.' RS. LLEN'S the N.Y. Independent. N.Y. Independent. 'MRS. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER hastaken its place at the head of all articles of thekind.' Michigan Christian Harold. RS. LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER Michigan Christian Harold. Dispel all doubts as to its efficiency.' Knoxville Presbyterian Witness. Knoxville Presbyterian Witness. 'There never has been a prescription or remedy forimproving the hair, published in the Advocate,which was so fully endorsed by men of unquestionedstanding, as in that of Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'S.' Buffalo Christian Advocate Buffalo Christian Advocate Another objection to dyes is the unlife-like colorand appearance they cause the hair to assume, andthe only way to have grey hair assume its NATURALYOUTHFUL COLOR, is to use that which will he effectualand yet not a dye—Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'SHAIR RESTORER will do this.' U.S. Journal. LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER U.S. Journal. In these times, when every cosmetic is warranted asthe greatest discovery of the present day, it is refreshingto come across that which is what it PRETENDSto be. A really excellent article is Mrs. SA. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER. As an assistantto nature, it is of great service; and a manby using it often prevents a serious and unnecessaryloss of hair. Its properties are perfectly harmless,it being a chemical compound of ingredients calculatedto facilitate the natural growth of hair.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER. Saturday Evening Gazette, Boston, Saturday Evening Gazette, Boston Those of our readers whose hair is turning grey orlosing its color, and who are opposed to using adye, will find in Mrs.S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORERa preparation that will speedily changethe hair to its natural color, and at the same timerender it soft. It is superior to any heretofore producedfor restoring and beautifying the hair, POSSESSINGNONE OF THE BURNING QUALITIES OF A DYE.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER Philadelphia Mercury. Philadelphia Mercury. There is no Hair preparation, we believe, that hasacquired more popularity than Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'SWORLD'S HAIR RESTORER. Why is this? Simplybecause it is a preparation of real merit, and hasnever failed, in a single instance, to produce thegood effects ascribed to it on the part of its proprietor.Its sales are constant and most extensive, andwe begin to think that it is denominated moat appropriatelythe 'World's Hair Restorer.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER. Newark Register. Newark Register. We have reason to he assured that 'Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'SWORLD'S HAIR RESTORER' is among the bestarticles of its kind ever discovered; indeed the widecirculation and immense sales it has achieved, fullydemonstrate that its efficacy u generally appreciated.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER Rahway Register. Rahway Register. Mrs.S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER. Themost successful remedy of the day. We know ofinstances where its good effects have been remarkable.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER. Weakly Visitor, Franklin N.Y. Weakly Visitor, Franklin N.Y. 'From individual cases that have come under our ownobservation, we are satisfied that 'Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER' performs all thatit promises, and that instead (as is the case withother restoratives extensively used and highly recommended)of being a useless waste of time andmoney, it is just what it is represented to be, andwill perform all its proprietor engages it to perform.We therefore most cordially commend it to the noticeand use of those of our readers who need a remedialagent of this character.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER St. Louis Ledger. St. Louis Ledger. ' Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER.—Aswe were traveling in Massachusetts a short timesince, we met a lady whose appearance indicatedthat she had attained the age of sixty. So we inferred,and but for her beautiful hair, we shouldhave added several years. After some conversationshe spoke of her hair, informing us that two yearsago, at least one half of it was grey, and that shehad feared that before then the whole would haveturned or fallen off. But our friend read the papers,and acquainted herself with the various remediesfor decaying hair, and at length determinedto obtain Mrs. Allen's Restorer. She did so, andapplied it according to directions, and before a yearhad passed, she assured us that she had as luxurious,even and beautiful head of hair, a when shewas but sixteen years old. Her statement was confirmedby other members of the family, while wewere informed that in. the same neighborhood therewere other instances where the same happy andsignal effect had been produced by applying Mrs. S.A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER. Providence Daily Tribune. Providence Daily Tribune. 'Among the very few preparations that we deem deservingof mention, we are by no means inclined toomit 'Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER.'It has been thoroughly tested, and found to beall its inventor claims for it; and to deny its excellencewould be to deny the assertions made in itsfavor by scores and hundreds of the moat respectablepersons.' Rahway Advocate and Register. LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER. thoroughly tested Rahway Advocate and Register. Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER is thebest preparation extant for the various diseases incidentto the hair and scalp, and is warranted to restorethe hair and whiskers, however grey, to theirnatural color. It having been before the public formany years, and its efficacy in restoring, invigorating,and beautifying the hair fully established, byhosts of persons throughout the country, has led tothe manufacture of many worthless imitations,which have been successfully palmed off in numerousinstances, upon the public as genuine.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER Brooklyn Morning Journal. Brooklyn Morning Journal. 'This preparation is superior to any heretofore producedfor restoring and beautifying the hair. Itpossesses none of the burning, beautifying powersof the old dyes, but gives the hair a healthy, glossyappearance almost instantaneously. The Restoreris easily applied, and will not stain the finest linen.The effect is sure in every instance, if applied accordingto the directions.' Mercury; Philadelphia. will not stain the finest linen. instance Mercury; Philadelphia. 'We are satisfied that the statements made in advertisementof Mrs. S.A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER' are correct.' LLEN'S ORLD'S AIR ESTORER Boston Olive Branch. Boston Olive Branch. 'Its remarkable success is satisfactory evidence.' Norfolk Argue. Norfolk Argue. 'Those unsuccessful with other articles can try thiswith success.' Boston Transcript. Boston Transcript. It is just what it purports to be.' Clave. Leader. Clave. Leader. ☞ We might swell this list, but if not convinced,TRY IT. We export these preparations to Europe even, andthey are superseding all others there as well as inthe United States. It does not soil or stain. Sold by all the principalwholesale and retail merchants in the U.S. Cube, orCanada. It does not soil or stain. ☞ Some dealers try to sell articles instead of this,on which they make more profit. Write to Depotfor circular, terms and information. Genuine is signed,Mrs. S.A. Allan, written in ink. Rev are of counterfeits. Mrs. S.A. Allan, written in ink. ☞ See next issue of this Paper for more informationor send to Depot for Circulars. See next issue of this Paper for more informationor send to Depot for Circulars. FOR SALE EVERYWHERE. 

 THE NATIONAL ANTI SLAVERY STANDARD. Whatthink of the official organ of the American Anti-SlaverySociety- of its editorial the and ability, itswell-sustained interest, and its fidelity to the cause itadvocated—it is needless for us to say. We quote thefollowing justly commendatory notices of it by otherjournals the commencement of another volume ofthe Standard is a new and beautiful typographicaldress:— HE ATIONAL NTI LAVERY TANDARD. Standard ☞The National Anti-Slavery Standard, the organand exponent of the Anti-Slavery Society, presidedover editorially by Oliver Johnson, Esq., one of thereal live anti-slavery men of the present age, came tous last week in an entire new dress. The Standardeaters upon its 21st year with this number, and itsappearance demonstrates in success. We wouldanti-slavery it to those who wish a living, radicalon the addressing the 'Publisher of the National Anti-SlaveryStandard. No. 5, Beckman-st., New York.'— The National Anti-Slavery Standard, The Standard Cortland Republican Banner. Cortland Republican Banner. ☞The New York Anti-Slavery Standard, one ofthe best anti-slavery papers in the country, has justentered upon its twenty-first year, and comes to itsnumerous readers in a new and elegant freedom suit.Good to see this evidence of its prosperity. May it'live a hundred years'! and long before that timesee the object, for which it has faithfully labored fortwenty years, fully attained, Not expense has beenadopted to make this paper efficient in the cause it advocates,as well as an agreeable visitor to the familycircle.—Northern Advocate. Anti-Slavery Standard Northern Advocate. ☞It is hardly necessary for us to say, that we regardthe Standard as the best paper of its particulartype in the country. We never consider ourselvespasted on any political question till the view from itseditorial stand-point as perused. While disagreeingwith its conductors politically and theologically, weexactly hope it may flourish till the last chain dropsfrom the limbs of the last slave.—Norristown freePress. Norristown freePress. 

 BY REV.J.T. POWERS. Crown the slave, and set him free!He's the child of liberty;Who shall dare God's image chain?Of Christ's blood make human gain?    Crown the slave—for him Christ died!Brother to the Crucified;Jesus came to earth to save—Came to free the toil-scarred slave!    Crown the slave, and burst his hands!Make him owner of the landsOf his oppressors, gorged with gainWrung from human blood and pain!    Crown the slave with power and might!Help him vindicate his rightTo the boon of liberty:—Let, O God! the slave go free!    Crown the slave, and give him powerTo achieve his manhood's dower;Let no proud oppressor dareStill to chain God's image there!    Crown the slave! O God, come down!To the slave give Christ's renown;Let him feel, O God! in theeHe's the Friend of Liberty!    Crown the slave in heaven at last,When his woes are overpast;Give the crown that Jesus gave,To the brow of every slave!    Carlisle, Mass, I860. 

 ☞Mr. Seward has written to a Committee inNew York, in reply to an invitation to attend a ratificationmeeting, in which he expresses his satisfactionwith the nomination made at Chicago—his entireapproval of the platform adopted thare—hisbefore in the firefly of Lincoln and Hamlin to itsprinciples, and his ardent hope that no feelings ofdisappointment on the part of his friends will be permittedfor a moment to hinder or embarrasses theirelection, and the triumph of the cause which theyrepresent. 

 The following poem, by Sheldon Chadwick, is extractedfrom his volume of poems just published inEngland. 'Twas eve, and in a lonely roomA student sat in sombre gloom,Twirling his fingers in his hair,Like one in reverie or despair.Before him lay an open book;Sadness was in his languid look;And as he traced the pages o'er,Four golden words his spirit bore—No Cross, no Crown!         Around, in death-like silence, stoodThe forms of many great and good—Prophets, Martyrs crucified;Stern Patriots, who for freedom died;And Poets, who died desolate,Scanning the wondrous scroll of Fate;While glory round their foreheads shone,He read upon their lips of stone,No Cross, no Crown!         Hard was the toil, through Learning's lore,For one so young and worldly poor;His books were precious, though but few,And deathless fire from heaven he drew.Heart-wearied oft, and over-wrought,He traced in throbbing lines his thought,And 'mid his toil this seemed to beThe voice alone of destiny—No Cross, no Crown!         Sometimes his noble spirit turnedToward Fame's pillar as it burned:And oft he judged his efforts vainTo cross the burning bars of pain.He groaned in agonized distress;Life's cup was dashed with bitterness;And then he thought of those of old,Who carved in brass those words of gold—No Cross, no Crown!         They fought the battle, bore the cross,That truth might never suffer loss,But, like the tempest-cradled flower,Spring through the storm—the martyr's dower:Souls that, while beaconing the free,Sank like a lighthouse in the sea;But from their graves a spirit came,Uttering words of winged flame—No Cross, no Crown!         His soul sometimes would droop her wing,When envious arrows sped the string;But, like a trumpet's martial strains,His country's voice thrilled through his veins,And, heedless of the critic's ire,His heart glowed with immortal fire:And, like a man in earnest, heOn Thought's Patmos toiled wearily—No Cross, no Crown!         And thus he woke his spirit's stringsTo music's rare imaginings;To Love and Freedom, Truth and Right,Justice and Mercy, gods of light!Oh! cheerful fell those golden wordsUpon his worn heart's tender chords;In death those words his spirit bore,And chants them still for evermore—No Cross, no Crown!         This be the motto of the brave,And this the watchword of the slave;The Patriot's, with the people's scorn,The Martyr's, with his garlands-thorn.Whoever seeks to win a name,Whoever toils for Freedom's fame,Whoever human tears would dry,Let this forever be his try—No Cross, no Crown!         

 ☞Gerrit Smith has written a letter to WilliamGoodell of New York, the first written since his convalescence,which is published in the Principia, givingan account of his insanity, and the causes whichinduced it. He attributes it to dyspepsia, and overwritingthe brain, which produced seaplanes ness andfinally insanity. Principia 

 The bursting buds look upTo greet the sunlight, while it lingers yetOn the warm hill-side,—and the violetOpens its azure cupMeekly, and countless wild lowers wake to flingTheir earliest incense on the gales of spring.      Continual songs ariseFrom universal Nature—birds and streamsMingle their voices, and the glad earth seemsA second Paradise!Thrice blessed Spring! thou bearest gifts divine!Sunshine, and song, and fragrance—all are thine.      Not unto earth alone—Thou hast a blessing for the human heart,Balm for its wounds, and healing for its smart,Telling of Winter flown,And bringing hope upon thy rainbow wing,Type of Eternal Love—thrice blessed Spring!      

 The telegraph brings the ridings of the death ofRev. Theodore Parker—an event not altogether unanticipated,but which nevertheless will be hear?news to many warm personal friends and parishioners.Mr. Parker was one of the remarkable mew of theday, and his influence (whether for good or evil wewill not undertake to decide, for human judgment isfallible) has probably been greater than that of anypreacher in this country, if we may except Wesleyand Channing. Mr. Parker was born in Lexington, Mass., on the24th of August. 1810. His father was a farmer, andTheodore prepared himself for college as best he could.He worked on the farm, taught school winters, butstudied incessantly. One day he swung the scythefrom sunrise to sunset upon his father's meadow, andthe next entered Harvard College. While there, heimproved his opportunities, made use of every moment,and graduated a finished scholar. This wasnot enough. He could not content himself with theknowledge possessed by an ordinary college graduate.The literature of Europe and the East was locked'away from him, and so he sat down and mastered theFrench language, till its was as familiar to his tongueas 'household words." He then studied German, andenjoyed the pleasure of reading the great Germanauthors and poets in their own language. The Italian,the Spanish, the Persian, and indeed all still more!difficult languages, were made his own, until the civilizedworld, and party half civilized, were within hisreach. After due preparation, Mr. Parker entered theministry, and was nettled as pastor over a Unitarianchurch in West Roxbury, Massachusetts. He firstexcited the suspicions of the religious world by thedelivery of a sermon in South Boston, upon the occasionof the ordination of the Rev. Mr. 8 hack ford,in the early part of the year 1841. We will make asingle quotation from this sermon, which will indicateits character:— 'It has been assumed at the outset. It would seem,with no sufficient reason, without the smallest pretenceon its writer's part, that all of its authors wereinfallibly and miraculously inspired, to that theycould commit no error of doctrine or fact. Men havebeen bid to close their eyes at the obvious differencebetween Luke and John; the serious disagreementbetween Paul and Peter; to believe, on the smallest;evidence, accounts which shock the moral sense andrevolt the reason, and tend to place Jesus in the sameseries with Hercules and Apollonius of Tyana. . . . An idolatrous regard for the imperfect Scriptureof God's word is the apple of Atlanta, whichdefeats theologians running for the hand of divinetruth. But the current notions respecting the infallibleinspiration of the Bible have no foundation in theBible itself.' This sermon created a good deal of excitementamong the Unitarian body, especially the conservatives.They were not satisfied that a man holdingsuch views should have the reputation of being aUnitarian clergyman in good standing. At this time,Mr. Parker left the country for Europe, where he remainedfor three years, making the acquaintance oftome of many of its moat learned and philanthropicmen. Among others, we may mention the name ofThomas Carlisle, who continued his warm friend andadmirer. In the autumn of 1844 he returned, andexchanged pulpits with the Rev. Mr. Sergeant, of Boston,a Unitarian clergyman. The conservative Unitarianswere exceedingly indignant that Mr. Sergeantshould admit such a heretic into his pulpit, and thecommenced a persecution against him which obliged .him to resign his charge. The Rev. Mr. Clarke,another Boston clergyman, soon after offered hit pulpitto Mr. Parker, which resulted in great excitementand loss of members to the church. Soon after, Mr. Parker was virtually excommunicatedfrom the Unitarian body. He had powerfulfriends everywhere in the region of Boston; he hadwarm sympathizers in the Unitarian church, but theywere not of sufficient numerical strength to be of service.His church in West Roxbury was crowded;his Boston admirers came out every Sunday in large'numbers to hear him. At last they were determinedthat he should be entirely independent, and invitedhim to preach to them in the Melodeon. He acceptedtheir invitation, and was settled as their pastor, in theold Puritan fashion. There were no rites or ceremoniesconnected with his society; he did not administerbaptism or communion, and there is in fact nochurch organization. Mr. Parker continued to preach to large audiencesin the Music Hall for several years, and until failinghealth admonished him that he must bring his laborsto a close. He went abroad about a year ago, hoping,but not expecting, a partial recovery. The published productions of Mr. Parker have beenquite numerous, though mostly confined to theologicalworks. In the year 1842 he published a 12 mo. volume,entitled, 'A Discourse on matters pertaining toReligion;' in 1843, a translation of 'De Witte's Introductionto the Old Testament,' in two 8 vo. volumes;in 1843. also, a 12 mo. volume of ' Critical andMiscellaneous Writings;' in 1852, 'Occasional sermonsand Speeches,' in two 12 mo. volumes; in 1853,Ten Sermons on Religion,' in one 12 mo. volume;in 1854, ' .Sermons on Theism, Atheism and the PopularTheology,' in one 12 mo. volume. The first ofthese has reached a fourth edition, all the others havereached the second, and with the exception of DeWitte, all have been translated into German. In 1855,he published 'Additional Sermons and Speeches' intwo 12 mo. volumes; in the same year, 'The Trial ofTheodore Parker for the misdemeanor of a Speech inFanueil Hall against Kidnapping, with the Defence,'in one 8 vo. volume. Besides these, he has publishedin pamphlets, 'The Moral Dangers incident to Prosperity,'Consequences of an Immoral Principle,' OfImmortal Life,' 'The Functions of a Teacher of Religion,''A New Lesson for the Day,' and ' The Greet'Battle between Slavery and Freedom,' 'A Sermon onOld Age,' a Farewell Letter to his Society; and severalother discourses, the titles of which we cannot;now recall. As a social reformer Mr. Parker was not less widelyknown than for his theological views. He was radicaland uncompromising, and even intolerant, in treatingof slavery and its evils. He was also the uncompromisingenemy of all social vices. However menmight differ from him in opinion, they could not but'feel that he was sincere and honest, in his theologicaland social ideas. And the purity of his life commandedthe respect of all. Mr. Parker was a ripe scholar, a vigorous thinker,and a fearless expounder. The great influence whichhe unquestionably exerted was based upon his intellectualqualities, for a more finished speaker never enteredthe pulpit. His sermons were essays, whichwere at once brilliant and profound, and excited admirationeven where they failed to lead captive theintellect. THEODORE PARKER'S LIBERATY BEQUEATHED TO THECITY OF BOSTON.—The private library of this divinehas been bequeathed to the city of Boston to be depositedin our Public Library. The library consistsof more than 30,000 volumes, many of which wereselected by Mr. Parker in Europe in years past. Theabove has been known for some time past in privatecircles, but it is now first made public—Boston Traveller,29th inst, HEODORE ARKER'S IBERATY EQUEATHED TO THE ITY OF OSTON. Boston Traveller,29th inst ☞The following extract from a letter addressedto Prof. Newman, of London, communicates the painfulintelligence of the death of the Rev. TheodoreParker, the well-known clergyman of Boston:— FLORENCE, May 11th, 1860.—I have sad news tocommunicate. Our dear suffering friend, TheodoreParker, died yesterday evening. Yet there never wasan easier end to s life but lately full of vigor. I sawhim about three hours before he died, lying calmly,while life was ebbing sway unconsciously to himself.He left written directions for his funeral, limiting tofive the persons standing him to the grave, of whomI am one. Many Americans here are expressing theirwish to appear as mourners; but it is thought best toI abide by his instructions, He desired the eleven firstverses of the Sermon on the Mount the Blessings ofJesus) to be read over his grave; and then a plaingray stone, with his name and age, and nothing furtherof inscription. Mr. Cunningham, a Boston Unitarianminister, will reed the passage. He is a sincerefriend and admirer of Parker's. We hope to get acast taken of Mr. Parker to-day. Mrs. Parker, hispoor gentle wife, has hitherto borne up well. MissStevenson, who has so long resided with them, wasauto with him to the last. She thinks, from the peculiartenderness of his manner yesterday, that he knewhe was dying. He had been dreamy for some days,and talked ramblingly of two Theodore Parker's, onehere, and one planted in Boston, who would finishhis work; perhaps a true thought, only mysticallyexpressed. Among his last well-connected wordswere these: 'Of course, you know I am not afraidto die, though I wished to live and finish much workwhich. I longed to do. I had greet powers committedto me, and I have but hall used them.' LORENCE Since writing this, I have seen him lying, O sopeacefully! I have never seen death under a form stdevoid of terror. The hectic color remains on hischeek, and it is hard to persuade oneself he has passedaway. He ceased to breathe without the least struggle. 

 BY E. TISDALE. Time moveth on—where Winter lately trodWith shrouded form the cold and lifeless sod.Fair as a maiden—fairest of the threeBright messengers that earthward bringThe fresh'ning tributes of ethereal Spring,Comes genial May, with passion warm and free,Northward to woo the balmy winds that flingThe flowers of Summer from their sportive wing.O, May! let not one fleeting hour of thineBe wafted backward to the Heavenly Land,Unless it beareth to the record thereSome worthy action of this soul of mine,As herald of a heart that yearns to standWhere times and seasons are divinely fair!              

 ☞Rev. SAMUEL J. MAY, of Syracuse, N.Y. (Whodelivered an admirable address before the AmericanPeace Society, on Monday evening last, in Park streetChurch,) will occupy the vacant pulpit of TheodoreParker, in Music Hall, on Sunday forenoon next. AMUEL AY 

 Methinks these fellows, with their ready jests,Are like to tedious bells, that ring alikeMarriage or death. [BEDDOES.)   

 ☞ The following is the result of the ballotings atChicago, for President and Vice-President:— FOR FRESIDENT—First Ballot. First Ballot. Table  Table  Whole number of votes, 465; necessary to a choice,233. Second Ballet. Second Ballet. Table  Table  Third Ballet. Third Ballet. Table  Table  FOR VICE PRESIDENT—First Bailet. First Bailet. Table  Table  Second Ballet. Second Ballet. Table  Table  

 MR. EDITOR: R. DITOR At our recent National Woman's Rights Convention,many were surprised to hear WENDELL PHILLIPSobject to the question of Marriage and Divorce, asirrelevant to our platform. He said, 'We had noright to discuss there any laws or customs but thosewhere inequality existed in the sexes; that the lawson Marriage and Divorce rested equally on man andwoman; that he suffered, as much as she possiblycould, the wrongs and abuses of all ill-assorted marriage.' ENDELL HILLIPS Now, it must strike every careful thinker, that animmense difference exists in the fact, that man hasmade the laws, cunningly and selfishly, for his ownpurpose. From Coke down to Kent, who can citeone clause of the marriage contract where womanhas the advantage? When man suffers from falselegislation, he has his remedy in his own hands.Shall woman he denied the right of protect againstlaws in which she has had no voice—laws which outragethe holiest affections of her nature—laws whichtranscend the limits of human legislation—in a conventioncalled for the express purpose of consideringher wrongs? He, might as well object to a protestagainst the injustice of hanging a woman, becauseCapital Punishment bears equally on man and woman. The contract of marriage is by no means equal.The law permits the girl to marry at twelve years ofage, while it requires several years more of experienceon the part of the boy. In entering this compact,the man gives up nothing that he before possessed—he is a man still; while the legal existenceof the woman is suspended during marriage,—andhenceforth she is known but in and through-the husband.She is nameless, purseless, childless,—thougha woman, an heiress, and a mother. Blackstone says,'The husband and wife are one, and that one is thehusband.' Kent says, 'The legal effects of marriagean generally deducible from the principle of theCommon Law, by which the husband and wife areregarded as one person, end her legal existence andauthority lost or suspended during the continuance ofthe matrimonial union.' Vol. 2, p. 109. Kent refersto Coke on Littleton, 112, a. 187. B. Lilt. Sec. 168,294. The wife is regarded by all legal authorities as a'femme covert,' placed wholly 'sub potestate viri.'Her moral responsibility, even, is merged in the husband.The law takes it for granted that the wifelives in fear of her husband; that his command isher highest law: hence a wife is not punishable fortheft committed in presence of her husband. Kent,vol. 2, p. 127. An unmarried woman can make contracts,sue and be sued, enjoy the rights of property,to her inheritance—to her wages—to her person—to her children; but, in marriage, she is robbed bylaw of all and every natural and civil right. 'Thedisability of the wife to contract, so as to bind herself,arises not from want of discretion, but because shehas entered into an indissoluble connexion, by whichshe is placed under the power and protection of herhusband.' Kent, vol. 2, p. 127. She is possessed ofcertain rights until she is married; then all are suspended,to revive again the moment the breath goesout of the husband's body. See 'Cowen's Treatise,'voI. 2, p. 709. femme covert sub potestate viri. If the contract be equal, whence come the terms'marital power'—'MARITAL RIGHTS'—obedience andrestraint—dominion and control, &C &C?—Manycases an stated, showing the exercise of a most questionablepower, over the wife, sustained by the courts.See Bishop on Divorce, p. 489. marital power The laws on Divorce are quite as unequal as thoseon marriage; yea, far more so. The advantages seemto be all on one side, and the penalties on the other.In case of Divorce, if the husband be the guilty party,he still retains the greater part of the property.If the wife be the guilty party, she goes out of thepartnership pennyless. Kent, vol. 2, p. 33; Bishopon Divorce, p. 492. In New York and some otherStates, the wife of the guilty husband can now suefor a divorce in her own name, and the costs comeout of the husband's estate; but, in a majority of theStates, she is still compelled to sue in the name ofanother, as she has no means of paying costs, eventhough she may have come into the partnershipwith her thousands. 'The allowance to the innocentwife of "ad interim" alimony and money to sustainthe suit, is not regarded as strict right in her, but ofsound discretion in the court.' Bishop on Divorce,p. 581. ad interim Many jurists, says Kent, vol. 2, p. 88, are of opinionthat the adultery of the husband ought not to be noticedor made subject to the same animadversions asthat of the wife, because it is not evidence of suchentire depravity, nor equally injurious in its effectsupon the morals, good order and happiness of domesticlife. Montesquieu, Pothler, and Dr. Taylor all insistthat the cases of husband and wife ought to bedistinguished, and that the violation of the marriagevow, on the part of the wife, is the most mischievous,and the prosecution ought to be confined to theoffence on her part. Esprit des Loix, tom. 3, 186;Traite du Contrat da Marriage, No. 516; Elementsof Civil Law, p. 254. Say you, 'These are but the opinions of men'?And on what also, I ask, are the hundreds of womendepending, who this hour demand in our courts a releasefrom burthensome contracts? Are not thesedelicate matters left wholly to the discretion of courts?Are not young women from the first families draggedinto the public courts—into assemblies of man exclusively—the judges all men, the jurors all man? Notrue women there to shield them by her presence fromgross and impertinent questionings, to pity their misfortunes,or to protest against their wrongs. The administration of justice depends far more onthe opinions of eminent jurists than on law atone, forlaw is powerless when at variance with public sentiment. Do not the above mentions clearly prove inequality?Are not the very letter and spirit of the marriage contractbased on the idea of the supremacy of man asthe keeper of woman's virtue—her sole protector andsupport? Out of marriage, woman asks nothing atthis hour but the elective franchise. It is only inmarriage that she must demand her rights to person,children, property, wages, life, liberty and the pursuitof happiness. How can we discuss all the laws andconditions of marriage, without perceiving its essentialessence, and aim? Now, whether the institutionof marriage be human or divine, whether regarded asindissoluble by ecclesiastical courts, or dissoluble bycivil courts, woman finding herself equally degradedin each and every phase of it, always the victim ofthis institution, it is her right and duty to sift the relationthrough and through, until she finds out thetrue cause of her false position. How can we go beforethe Legislators of our respective States, and demandnew laws, or no laws, on divorce, until we havesome idea of what the true relation is? We decidethe whole question of slavery by settling the sacredrights of the individual. We assert that man cannothold property in man, and reject the whole code oflaws that conflicts with the self-evident truth of thatassertion. Again I ask, is it possible to discuss allthe laws of a relation, and not touch the relation itself? Yours, respectfully, E.C.S. 

 ONE THING SETTLED. Our opponents who professto be so ignorant of the personal character of the Republicancandidate for President, may consider onething as settled—viz., he is a firm and consistent temperanceman—in fact, a cold water man, and nothingelse—side the following from the Baltimore Patriot:'This morning we met with one of the delegates tothe late Chicago Convention, who informed us thatthe Committee who were appointed to convey to Mr.Lincoln the official notice of his nomination, as theircandidate for President, repaired to Springfield Illinois,in the fulfillment of this duty. He stated thatMr. Lincoln resides in a comfortable mansion in thesuburbs of the city, and as the Committee proceededto his residence, they attracted much attention. Hisneighbors knowing that Mr. Lincoln was a strictlytemperance man, at once dispatched their servantswith waiters covered with bottles of wine, brandy,whisky,&C to enable him to offer what they conceivedwas proper to these distinguished guests. Mr.Lincoln met these servants who had the charge ofthese refreshments, and requested them to say to hisfriends and neighbors that he duly appreciated theirkindness, but he could not consent to violate a longestablished rule of conduct, and that he should treathis guests with plentiful draughts of delicious andpure ice water.'—Chicago Tribune. NE HING ETTLED. Patriot ice water.'—Chicago Tribune. 

 ☞ My faith is rooted, and grounded, and established,that the cheapest, the easiest, the most naturaland proper method of introducing reformation intopublic affairs, is to give woman a coordinate influencethere. That will reform politics, and civilize selfishand barbarous statesmanship. HENRY WARD BENCHER. ENRY ARD ENCHER. 

 SLAVERY ABOLISHED IN NEW MEXICO. The billabolishing slavery in the Territory of New Mexico,passed by the House of Representatives on last Thursday,is an important and excellent piece of legislationat this time. It provides, that all acts, and partsof acts, heretofore passed by the Legislative Assemblyof the Territory of New Mexico, which in any wiseprotect, authorize or legalize involuntary servitude, orthe enslavement of human beings within said Territory,except as a punishment for crime upon dueconviction, be and are hereby disapproved by theCongress of the United States, and declared to benull and of no effect. Also it has a provision relativeto contracts between masters and servants, whichreads,— LAVERY BOLISHED IN EW EXICO. 'No court of this Territory shall have jurisdiction,nor take cognizance of any cause for the correctionthat masters may give their servants for neglect oftheir duties as servants, and also various sections ofthe act to provide for the protection of property inslaves in the Territories. All Courts and Territorialor Federal officers are prohibited from exercising anyauthority under or by virtue of any of the said sectionsof the said territorial acts.' 

 At the resent annual meeting of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, in the Cooper Institute, NewYork, Rev, BERIAH GREEN, of Whitesboro', spoke asfollows:— ERIAH REEN Of those whom I now venture to address, verymany doubtless repeat the bum of Wm. H. Sewardwith confidence end admiration. They describehim as a great man, an actual], metaphysician, aprofound and comprehensive philosopher, a modalstatesmen. They are eager to place him, as thepresiding genie of the nation, in the highest placeof the Republic. Now, I would not willingly offendthem; I would not wantonly wound theirfeelings; I come hither for no such purpose; I speaknot as a partisan. I belong to the human family,and I am one of those for whose benefit the latespeech of Mr. Seward in the United States Senatewas published. I know not how I can treat itsprinciples with greater respect than earnestly to examinethem, and weigh the statements which hemakes, the doctrines he inculcates, and the conclusionshe commends. It may not be amiss, in the outset, to advert tothe general position which, in this remarkablespeech, the Senator assumes. He gives us, in allessential particulars, the construction under whichbe pledges himself by a solemn oath to obey herorganic law, to support the Constitution. He inquireswhat position, if a fugitive from slaverywere to approach his residence at the still hour ofmidnight, weary, hungry, tempest-tossed, desponding,and were to seek at his hands sympathy, shelter,protection—what position, according to ourorganic laws, he is bound to assume. This fugitivemay be a Frederick Douglass or a William WellsBrown. No matter by what name he may beknown, no matter what may be his specific relationsor his particular character, be is a fugitivefrom the land of slaves. May the Senator, as onebound to support the Constitution, regard himwith fraternal feelings? May he recognize him asa man? May he welcome him as a brother?—abrother who was nourished at the breast, essentially,of the same mother; in whose veins his ownblood freely Bows? He tells us distinctly, he tellsus deliberately, he tells us cold-bloodedly, that theConstitution forbids Mm to assume any such attitude.It requires him, sternly requires him, toregard your Frederick Douglass as a chattel, as apiece of property, that had absconded from itsowner; to seize him with a strong band, and sendhim beck ' with alacrity,' without compunction orremorse, to the hell of slavery. This is the generalEdition which the Senator assumes in this respect,us I would not do him wrong. Permit me, then,(for I do not propose to consume any large amountof your time in such quotations,) permit me toread a few lines from his speech, to justify the representationwhich I have now made:— 'What should be done if the sieve should escapeinto a labor State? Should that State confess him tobe a chattel, and restore him m such, or might it regardhim as a person, and harbor and protect him asa man? They compromised again.' Of course, requiring the Senator and all his fellowsto assume the position which has already beendescribed. Of course, he regards himself, accordingto the statement which he here hazards, as solemnlybound to utter an atrocious and suffocatingfalsehood, for he knows full well that this is not achattel; that the presence into which he is broughtis a human presence; that the creature which lookssuppliantly into his face is a man. He knows thatthere is an essential and vital difference separating,evermore and everywhere separating, personalityfrom property. Of course, be feels himself boundto utter, if we may credit the statement which hehere makes, not merely lip-wise, but deed-wise, anatrocious and suffocating falsehood; bound to confessthat what he knows to be a man is a chattel.And for what purpose is be forced upon a falsehoodso enormous, so comprehensive? Why, merelythat he may inflict upon his brother the deadliestinjury; that he may assail the nature which, hehas inherited: that he may strike him with a deadlysteel to the heart of his personality; that be mayinflict upon him the most scathing insults and themost unendurable injuries. But look again for a single moment. The Senatoradmits that, repeatedly, in the history of ourcountry, the safeguards of freedom have been surrenderedat the demand of slaveholders. This facthe asserts; but he declares, in the self-same breath,that we may urge on our behalf, in so doing, a virtuousexcuse. This is the very language he employs.It is not that we love freedom less, but thatwe love the Union more. And this-he pronouncesa virtuous excuse. Now, if it be a virtuous excuse,it is an excuse of virtue; it is virtue in exercise,virtue in manifestation; and wherever the safe-Guardsof freedom have thus been sacrificed, theyare been sacrificed in honor of the claims of virtue.Of course, under whatever form, however frequently,and in whatever shape, demands may beurged upon us, we are bound, out of a deep reverencefor virtue, to yield to their influence. Weare bound to sacrifice the safeguards of freedom.We are bound on this altar to lay our consciences,the best impulses of our nature, whatever is dear inthe affections, and whatever may be vital in theprospects of our own brothers. And surely, afterwe have sacrificed our own personality, after wehave sacrificed our own manliness, after we havesacrificed whatever may be the source and ground ofself-respect, in obedience to the dictates and demandsof a virtue thus described, it will be but asmall thing when we are required to give up thepersonality of our existence, when we are requiredto welcome the fetters to our heels and the manaclesto our limbs. Now, what is the result of this general positionwhich is here assumed? It is, of course, a falseposition—grossly, undeniably false; and whoeversurveys the objects by which be may be surrounded,and the relations which may attract his attention,from a false position, will, from a sort of stern necessity,arrive at false conclusions. All the variousobjects which may attract his attention will presentthemselves under distorted forms and under unnaturalrelations. Suppose, for instance—if I mayventure on your patience so far as to make such asupposition—suppose that, according to the demandsof the Constitution of the Republic weshould confess that one-third of the nine digits hadno significance; that they resolved themselves intonothing; that they had no value, and were tobe regarded, as the boys at school express themselves,as so many nougats. Every man knows, ofcourse, that each of the nine digits sustains anatural and necessary relation to all the variousfigures and calculations and arrangements whichmay lie anywhere or anyhow within the entiresphere of arithmetic. Now, if one should take theattitude thus described, I pray you, what reliancecould be placed upon any process which be mightemploy, or any argument which he might urge, orany conclusion to which he might arrive in thissphere of thought? Of course, it would necessarilybe fatal to success in any such attempt. Assuminga position so radically, so vitally false, he cannotclaim our confidence in any attempt whatever whichhe may make. The particular attitude which anyman may be expected to assume, in any departmentof inquiry, in any sphere of thought to whichbe may be admitted, will, as a matter of course, becontrolled and modified by the general positionwhere he expends his strength and lays out his resources. Now, although the boor be late, and though I donot claim to be a wit or a wag, though I am entirelyunable, if I may be allowed to consume a lawmoments of your time, to afford you any largeamount of amusement, yet perhaps you will pardonme, since I have ventured to take the position Ihave assumed, if I advert to a very few of the principalattitudes which, under the general position Ihave already described, the Senator allows himselfto assume. Mr. Seward is not satisfied—he does not say forwhat reason—with the somewhat technical termsin which one part of this Republic, in which themonuments of slavery are erected, is distinguished,and has all along been distinguished, from the otherpart of this Republic, where those monuments donot meet and pain the eye. We used to hear aboutthe slave Slates and about the free States, and Itwas generally supposed that this language, in itsnatural application, all our fellow-citizens understood,and were able readily, and we believed fitly,to apply. I do not know who invented, I onlyknow who adopted the new technical terms which arehere introduced. Here are eighteen States set overagainst fifteen other States. The fifteen States inwhich slaves are held are here described as capitalStates; the eighteen States in which they are nothold re here described as labor States; and betweenthese two divisions of the Republic, according toMr. Seward, in language which has been, perhaps,a thousand times repeated, there is. on this verysubject, as irrepressible conflict. Of coarse, Mr.Seward is a metaphysician, Mr. Seward is a philosopher,and, as a matter of course, we should exceptthat a man who was not satisfied with thetechnical terms which, for the purpose already specified,had all along been employed, if he introducedto us unusual terms, would select syllables fromlanguage so rich in its resources (and with the variousterms by which, through its means, thought isexpressed, Mr. Seward may be thought to befamiliar)—we should expect, I say, that he wouldselect those syllables which fitly, which aptly describethe thing signified. Now, then, we ask, islabor in 'irrepressible conflict' with capital? and iscapital hostile to labor? I had thought, for one,that labor was the natural source of capital; thatthey were very nearly akin to each other, if theywere not different phases or descriptions of the selfsameentity. Suppose that this speech, with whichI am now attempting for a little to occupy yourattention, should fall under the eye of one of ourfellows in a foreign land who had formed some littleacquaintance with our history, and felt within himselfa strong impulse to understand more dearlyand fully whatever might belong to institutions.He is assured, on authority which he respects,that Wm. H. Seward is a heroic spirit, thathe is a gnat man, that be is a deep thinker, that heis a distinguished statesman, and that, in the viewof the friends of freedom, to a very great extent,he is regarded as our natural ruler. Now, when hemarked, with open eyes, these technical terms, thusintroduced, to what inference, I pray you, wouldhe be forced? Would he not, as a matter of course,suppose that in the capital States larger resourceswere brought into requisition, in promoting thegreat ends of human activity? Would be not supposethat here were to be found our Rothschilds,that here large resources had been accumulated,and that the labor States were specially dependentupon the capital States for the means to prosecutethose enterprises to which, in the sphere of businessand commerce, they might be devoted? Wouldnot that, I pray you, be the natural inference?Would it not fasten itself inevitably upon his mind? Now, supposing ourselves in his position, it maynot be amiss to inquire for a moment what are thecharacteristic elements which enter into the composition,if I may so speak, of those capital States?You have, in the first place, as a leading element,some four millions of human beings, who are pronouncedutterly incapable, in the solemn languageof the law, of acquiring capital under any form orname. They have no claims which are acknowledged,no claims to the very instrumentalities connectedwith the human organization through whichcapital may naturally be sought and accumulated.Then, you have, in addition to this, as anotherelement hereto be recognized and brought intothe calculation, about an equal number of men andwomen, who bear the very significant name, all,over the Republic, of 'poor whites.' What maybe their condition, I need not pause to describe.One single expression which, we are told, is frequentlyon the lips of the slaves themselves, willanswer, as my time is rapidly passing, for a moreparticular description. They are called 'the poorwhite trash,' and are looked upon by the enslaved,we are told, now with pity and now with contempt.The remaining element entering into the compositionof the capital States may be very easily described—and I confine myself to facts—I intend toconfine myself to facts, notorious facts, undeniablefacts. I did not construct those facts. They arenot the product of my fancy, they are not the creationof my imagination; and he must, indeed, betwice and four times a dastard who dares Lot lookthe facts in his own country's history, the factswhich belong to its condition, fully, fairly and resolutelyin the face.(Applause.)The remaining element,then, consists of some three or four hundredthousand persons who have never paid their owncook or washerwoman, who have found it verydifficult, if not impossible, to support their ownpost-office arrangements, and who are frequentlyreduced to such extremities that they take theirown sons and daughters, and sell them in the openmarket. That is what some men would call covertcannibalism. Now, I would ask, with what propriety, forwhat purpose, are those fifteen States so to he described—so to be described in the Senate of the Republic,on a grave occasion, and by a representativeman? It is most manifest that this account of thematter is marked by gross absurdity, and that itsentire tendency and influence, on those to whom theSenator addressed himself, must be mischievous anddisastrous. But let us mark another attitude which is hereassumed. The Senator, in announcing his views,in inculcating his doctrines on the subject of humanequality, manifests a very deep solicitude toimpress those by whom he is surrounded with thisone conclusion—that he is not in favor of theequality of all men; he is in favor of the equalityonly of white faces. Those who have given theleast heed to the paragraph to which I refer, mustbe well aware that this feature strongly marks hisstatement. I would like to inquire what is thenatural foundation on which human equality reposes?We are told by some shallow, stolid, so-calledstatesmen, that the declaration which wefind in the great document to which we so oftenrefer, asserting that all men are created equal, is inconflict with facts. All men, they declare, are notequal. All this is manifest and undeniable. Now,those who formed the Declaration of Independenceunderstood this as well as their calumniators. Theyknew that, measured by the yard-stick, all menwere not incidentally equal. They knew that, asweighed on the scales, all men were not incidentallyequal. They knew that men differed incidentallyfrom each other in the intellectual elements bywhich they were respectively distinguished. Theyknew very well that some had a vigorous and giganticwill, and that others were comparatively irresolute.All this they knew, and this they neverdreamed of denying. But they did affirm, and theywere justified in affirming, that all men have inheritedthe self-same nature; that a common manhoodlay at the basis of our existence; that one greathuman heart heat in all our bosoms; that the bloodwhich flowed in our veins gushed from the samesource, and was distinguished by the same qualities;and they affirmed, therefore, the doctrine of humanequality—that is, that all men, as having inheritedhuman nature, were qualified to make themselves,to the full extent of their opportunities, intensely,grandly, beautifully human; that all men, one incommon with another, had an equal right, eachone in his place, to make the most of his own existence,and to rise to the highest point of excellenceand of blessedness to which his capabilitiesmight lift him; that all men equally, one withanother, were entitled to the opportunity to securethe highest and best development of those powerswhich were lodged in the depths of their being.That is what they affirmed, broadly, grandly affirmed. Now, then, I would like to know if the complexionof any man's face is not an incident, and,so far as he is concerned, it is merely an accident,since he was not consulted in the matter, and hadhere no agency. If my complexion be at all to bepreferred, for any purpose, to the complexion of mynext neighbor, very surely that cannot be regardedas to my credit or advantage. It is a mete incident—an incident lying almost within the range ofaccident. To make a mere accident, in oppositionto human nature, to make the mere incident of awhite face the basis of the equality on which thegreat Senator pleads, and to call that equality 'human,'without any reference to that which makesany creature human—well, I should be apt to thinkif I was speaking of a name that was repeated withless respect and veneration, that it was a littleridiculous, and indicated I know not what state ofmind. Very clearly, the doctrine of human equalitylies on this broad basis—a basis on which men of allcomplexions and all opinions, under all the variedcircumstances in which our manhood may be found,stand up side by side; in which, therefore, theymay well be expected to look upon each other fraternally. This broad attitude, again, of coarse grows out ofthe general position which the Senator has assumed.It is not. of course, to be wondered at that be shouldgive up the enslaved, without uttering one word intheir behalf, absolutely to the control of those whohold them as property. He bids the slaveholdersdispose of their human chattels just as they please;declares that he has no objection to make; and,more than that, that he has no distrust in the matter;no distrust to qualify in any measure the assurancewhich be urges; and then, having affordedthis strong assurance, he gives them distinctly tounderstand that if they were to take advantage ofthe assurance he thus affords to insult, to outrage,and to inflict such injuries upon their sieves as shallbe unbearable, and cause them to rise in insurrection,that he, with his party (for he speaks here inthe name of his party,) would defend them. Youwill permit me, for it will consume but very littletime, just to read a portion of the paragraph towhich I have ventured to advert:— 'But we do not seek to enforce or even to intrudeour system upon you. We are justly excluded, wiselyand contentedly excluded, from all political powerand responsibility. [Mark the terms which he hereemploys!] In your capital States, you are sovereignson the subject of slavery within your own borders. It iswell and wisely arranged. Use your authority tomaintain what system you please: we are not distrustfulof the result. If our authority shall be assailedwithin or without by any enemy, or for any cause, andwe shall have need, we shall expect you to defend us.[Now, mark!] If you shall be so assailed, in theemergency, no matter what the cause or the pretext,or who the foe, we shall defend your authority as theequivalent of our own.' Now, what sort of a system those whom he wasespecially addressing had all along pleased to maintain,Mr. Seward knew full well. He knew fullwell what injuries were inflicted, what insults weredealt liberally all around. He knew full well bywhat agencies and appliances everything human,everything entering into the personality of our pooroppressed fellows, was stricken down and annihilated.He bids them maintain the same system.'Go on and multiply murders, rapes; every form inwhich our humanity may be assailed can be wounded;go on and multiply these, under whatever formyou may prefer: alter your system according toyour taste, according to your convenience, accordingto your caprice; make the burdens which you haveplaced upon the shoulders of your human chattelsheavier, if it be possible, and render their lives moredark, gloomy and perilous than you have renderedtheir lives hitherto. We have no distrust of you,and we have not a word to utter, no objection tomake, no advice to offer. We have no sympathy forthose on whom you may fasten your band. Theymay weep, they may groan, they may struggle inthe agonies of death, it is no concern of ours. Wehave no responsibility whatever within the Stateswhere they are confined.' It seems to be very remarkable that a man shouldpledged himself, in behalf of those whom he represents,to uphold his fellows in pursuing a coursewhich they may prefer which he himself has no responsibilityalways traveled hand in d hand, andthat our responsibilities were always to be measuredby the powers we wielded. He must be very eager,it seems to me, with his party at his heels, to bringsteel and power into requisition, who urges himselfinto a sphere to employ these instruments of deathwhere he alleges that he has no responsibility whatever. One other thing. Mr. Seward could not, it seems,be content, without bringing John Brown anew intojudgment. He must gratuitously and cold-bloodedlypronounce anew upon him sentence of death. JohnBrown had been convicted, he had been strangled,his hallowed remains, by true and devoted men, hadbeen borne far away from the scene where he enduredthe trial and the suffering which opened the wayfrom the scenes of his labor and exposure; and asthose remains, so ball owed and cherished, wereborne along through village after village of theNorth, grave men, reverend men, uncovered theirheads, and did homage to the remains of the mightydead. He was borne away, as it was meet he shouldbe, and his remains were laid among the stern butgrand and magnificent rocks that lift themselves upin the presence of Lake Champlain. There it wassupposed they would rest securely. Now, it is affirmedin this speech that the death of John Brown—and John Brown, of course, not only representshimself, but his associates—was 'necessary and just.''Necessary'—for what, I pray you? Necessary, ofcourse, if necessary at all, to maintain that systemof outrage and cruelty which had all along been upheld.Necessary for the purpose of sub serving endswhich humanity naturally shudders to contemplate.But it is said his death was 'just.' This I deny.I deny it in the name of great justice, in the nameof all that is sacred in the sphere of high sovereignty.'Necessary and just.' Let me ask forwhat alleged crimes he was executed? You maysay, if you please, for the crime of treason. What, then, is the character of this crime?What are the elements of which civil government isnaturally composed? What are the materials ofwhich it is constructed? It is made up of certainprinciples, immutable, all-comprehensive, that bindeverything that is and lives into one mass—a sublimeunity. These principles are all embodied andpresented in the grand precept which John Brownwrote upon his heart, to which he adjusted himselfin his aims, and methods, and exertions—the principleof disinterested benevolence: the principle ofequal, impartial love; the principle embodiedand presented in that law which we well describeas 'the Golden Rule.' This rule comprehendsorder; this rule comprehends justice; thisrule comprehends whatever may be described ashuman rights, as human prerogatives. These arethe materials of which government every where,from the most retired nursery in the world, upwardto the highest heaven, is constructed. These areits essential and vital elements. Wherever theseare, there is government. Wherever these aredenied, government cannot exist. There is nothingthere deserving the name, there is nothingthere exerting the influence, there is nothing theredeserving the homage which is due to civil government,under any name, or form, or modification;and the whole universe through, he who is mostdistinguished for his regard, his unyielding and consistentregard for those principles, who embodiesthem most fully, symmetrically and beautifully inhis character, who responds most earnestly andpromptly to them in his own history, and who is mostdistinguished for those attainments, for thoseachievements, is a God-anointed ruler. Whereverhe may be, whatever may be the disposition, in hiscircle, of what people call the effective franchise,whatever may be the decision of the majority, itis impossible for any power in the world, in thewhole compass of thought and exertion, it is impossiblefor any power to pluck the diadem from hisbrow, or take the scepter from his hand. He hisGod's own king, and shall be honored in duetime, and in very honorable circumstance, underthat character. (Applause.) And, whatever maybear the name of civil government, whatever thesesacred principles are deliberately violated, whereverjustice is trampled under foot, wherever our commonhumanity is set at naught, there you havenothing, whatever may be the organization, whateverarrangements, whatever usages, you have atbest nothing but organized anarchy. That it is;and all those who are connected with that may thusbe described make themselves, as God lives, outlaws.That every philosopher who thinks—and allphilosophers think—on this subject will tell you—that you make yourself an outlaw. When you refuseto avail yourself of the benefits which lawbrings within your reach, how can law protect you?How can it confer its natural blessings, the richblessings with which it is pregnant, upon you,when you refuse, individually or socially, to adjustyourself to its sovereign demands? I say, then, thatthroughout the whole region of slavery, whereverhumanity is trampled under foot, wherever the demandsof awful, yet benignant, justice are ignoredor resisted, there is, there can be, no such thing astreason. It cannot, under such circumstance, becommitted. From the very nature of the case, anoutlaw is one of whom any fellow whom he meetsdisposes of according to his discretion, according tohis convenience. Now, then, John Brown could not, if he had beenintent on this thing, have committed treasonwithin the limits of Virginia, for the plain reasonthat Virginia herself is an outlaw. (Loud applause.)That is its appropriate character. It tramples openly,rudely, ruthlessly and deliberately on the elementsof law. It ignores or resists whatever maybe appropriate to its character or influence. Itwas John Brown—for we are well informed of hischaracter, and we have received our informationfrom all quarters, from foes as well as friends—itwas John Brown who wore the crown, if I may usesuch a symbol, and bore the scepter. He was underthe catholic influence of the Golden Rule, which isa comprehensive description of all law and of allgovernment. His was a great soul, his a heroicspirit. He was distinguished for his magnanimity,for his intrepidity, for his daring, for his deeptoned yearning regard for all those who had inheritedour common nature. All this is admittedboth by friends and foes. How, then, in the nameof all consistency—how, in the name of all thegreat red letters which appear in those born bookswhich we study whenever we would make ourselvesfamiliar with the elements of the great art and scienceof government, could the death of John Brownbe described as just, I beseech you? 'Just whenoutlaws rushed upon him, when outlaws sought toblood! They were outlaws who strangled him—men who trampled upon everything sacred in legislation—men who ignored or scorned every characteristicby which civil government, under the distinguished!(Applause.) All this is undeniable.These conclusions are forced upon us by any fit regardfor the very elements of thought which heredemand attention, which are here to be read andapplied. I affirm, then, that the execution of John Brownwas a gross and bloody murder. It was not he whodeserved to be hung on the gallows, it was theywho deserved it, for they were traitors and murderers,who fastened upon him the hand of violence andhurried him to what we call a premature grave,ever charitable we may may be, however exposed tobe indulgent by a regard for the temptatism onwhich they were exposed, however much we may bedisposed to look with a kind eye, with a lovingheart, on the man I have ventured this evening tocriticise—what shall we think of him as a statesman—what reliance, I pray you, can we peace, athis glorious and stormy time, as Wendell Phillipsis so fond of calling it—what reliance can we placeupon him in the emergency in which we are expectedto proceed, amid prospects so dark as we see beforeus? Yet we are assured that your prospects are right.To be sure, it is said, now and then, something mayoccur which may awaken our fears and excite notapprehensions, and we may tremble for the Republic;but whenever we are able to look with a comprehensiveeye, and calmly and soberly to reflect, wesee clearly that the foundations of the Republic arelaid in the eternal rock: that our prospects are notonly cheering, but glorious; that there is so reasonsto apprehend danger, no ground on which we mayexpect punishment. Well, then, God must have retiredfrom his throne, justice must have been statedto the heart, our humanity—dear as it is to the conversalFather—must have been given up as hopelesspossession! Clearly, then, we cannot place sayconfidence in the ordinance of nature, in the decreesof high Heaven, in the great lessons of wisdom whichare inculcated in the Sacred Volume. My friends and fellow-citizens, you must disposeof these plain, straight forward statements, as that isyou have heeded them at all, each man according tohis ability; and in the light of them, it any getthey shed around, you must dispose of your responsibilityin your relations to the ballot-box. (Applause.) 

 UUDERGROUND RAILROAD. There is a man sittingin our office, while we write, who came in on the lasttrain. He hails from Maryland, and is a preacher,and belongs to the Northern branch of the church,He had taken care of his master—a helpless invalid—night and day for two years, and had been promisedhis freedom. But when the old man was dead, hisheirs began to talk of selling his body-servant, and ourpreacher took to his legs. We have advised him tokeep clear of Buffalo, for some of the brethren of hisown church, from his region, who are delegates to theGeneral Conference might catch him. Indeed, wefelt a little cautious about letting it be known that hewas in Rochester—not that we think that our citywould disgrace itself by permitting a slave to betaken back in any ordinary case, but the PresbyterianGeneral Assembly is in session here, and there is noteling what might happen in such a case. Thereare, no doubt, several reverend gentlemen in thatassembly who would not hesitate to practise uponthe Southern interpretation of Paul's letter to Philemon.—Frederick Douglass' Paper. UDERGROUND AILROAD. Frederick Douglass' Paper. 

 285 WASHINGTON STREET,(NEAR WINTER STREET,) EAR INTER TREET RECEIVE, by Steamers and packets from England,the latest and best styles and quantities ofCarpeting, comprising Wiltons, Velvets, best qualitiesof Brussels, Tapestries, Three-plys, Kdderministers,&C, Painted Floor Cloths (of all widths and quantities),Rugs, Mats, Bockings, Feltings, Caston andCocoa Mattings. —ALSO— ALL WHICH ARE OFFERED ATTHE LOWEST PRICES, For cash or approved credit. For cash or approved credit. Sept 16 tf 

 FUGITIVE RETURNED.—The runaway negro, by thesteamer Spaulding, hence to Boston, has arrived intown. He was brought here yesterday, by rail, fromNorfolk, in charge of Mr. Wm. Mentzel, in behalf thesteamboat proprietors. He is now lodged in theworkhouse for recognition and identification. Theboy calls himself now Sir William Braddock, and stillasserts that he is a free boy from Ohio, but that hehas no free papers. If he is a slave, he will undoubtedlybe recognized soon. UGITIVE ETURNED. Sir William Braddock The other alleged fugitive, by the same boat, is ahoax. No such negro was ever here, nor was anysuch boat here as the Boston Atlas says he was stokeron. Furthermore, there is no river Tiber in SouthCarolina, where the boat was reported to run to.Other falsities might be exposed in the statement, butit will hardly pay. The game is not worth the powder.—Charleston Mercury. Atlas Charleston Mercury. 

 EVERY man should own and read this book.Rev. Dr. Wayland says of it, in a letter to theauthor, 'I wish there was a copy of it is every familyin the United States. No work could be many timely,or better serve the purposes of humanity. I wish there was a copy of it is every familyin the United States. No work could be many timely,or better serve the purposes of humanity. We want 500 Agents to sell this work during thepresent Presidential campaign. No more effectivedocument can be circulated. Price, $1. Large discountto agents. JOHN P. JEWETT &CCO.,PUBLISHERS,No. 20 WASHINGTON STREET, BOSTON. PUBLISHERS ASHINGTON TREET OSTON. May 11. 2mos 

 ANOTHER CAPTURE OF A SLAVER WITH NEARLYSIS HUNDRED SLAVES ON BOARD. We yesterdaygave a brief account of the capture of another slaveroff the island of Cuba with 560 slaves on board. Shehad, at the time she left Congo River, 744. Therewas but one American on board, supposed to be theCaptain. His name is William Preston, of Philadelphia.The following are the particulars of the capture:—The United States steamer Wyandotte, Lt.-CommandingFabius Stanley, arrived at Key West onthe night of the 12th inst., from the south side of theisland of Cuba, having in custody the bark William,of Baltimore, with 560 African negroes on board. TheWilliam was direct from Africa, and was about landingher cargo of humanity, when aha was pouncedupon by the little steamer Wyandotte and her gallantcrew. The negroes are all young, but greatly emaciatedby their inhuman treatment and close confinementduring the voyage from Africa, The barkWilliam exhausts her supply of food to-day, and willprobably discharge her cargo at the African depotto-morrow. She has been in communication with theland, and had on board a Spanish custom-house officialat the time of capture. NOTHER APTURE OF A LAVER WITH NEARLY IS UNDRED LAVES ON OARD. This is a matter that requires immediate attentionby the Government. Another slaver, under Spanishcolors, is reported to have been captured by aSpanish war vessel, in the vicinage of the place wherethe bark William was seized.—New York Tribune. New York Tribune. 

 Nos. 63 and 65, COLUMBIA STREET,BROOKLYN, L.L. OLUMBIA TREET THIS Institution is open Summer and Winter forthe reception of patients and boarders. The Doctorbrings to his aid eight years; experience is theHydropathic practice, and he has no hesitation insaying that he has the largest out-door practice ofany 'Water Cure' Physician in the country. Toboarders, or parties visiting New York, this Houseoffers superior inducements, as the location is verydesirable, being only fifteen minutes walk from theAstor House. Accomodations and table, excellent,and at one half the price charged at the House. Address GEO.F.ADAMS, M.D. April 20. Physician and sole Proprietor. Physician and sole Proprietor. 

 THE CAPTURE OF THE SLAVER WILLIAM.—HORRIBLECONDITION OF THE SLAVES. The slaver was underthe command of Captain William Weston, andhad a crew of twenty-three, all told, who are nowprisoners on board the Wyandotte. The Cuban custom-houseofficer had actually boarded the slaverwith a view of obtaining the Captain-General's shareof the slave-money, and was on board the vessel atthe time. In four hours' time the whole cargo wouldhave been landed safely in Cuba, but for their timely!capture by the Wyandotte. The negroes were in ahorrible condition, almost nude, and both sexes huddledtogether in a disgusting manner, the hearty andstrong ones beating the weak, and constant fightinggoing on among them. The eight was most revolting,and the smell on the deck of the slaver was horrible.The officer of the Wyandotte who was put incharge of the slaver reports the sight of the negroes,and the odor arising from the slave deck, as most oppressive.The slaver was towed into Key West bythe Wyandotte, and owing to heed winds was detainedfour days in making that place. Fifteen negroesbad already died on the passage—more wereexpected to die. The negroes seemed to regard thedeath of their com pan tone with the utmost indifference.—N.Y. Tribune. HE APTURE OF THE LAVER ILLIAM. ORRIBLE ONDITION OF THE LAVES. N.Y. Tribune. 

 114 &C116 WASHINGTON ST. Mch 16 tf BOSTON, MASS. BOSTON, MASS. 

 ☞ The whole number of petitioners to the generalMethodist Conference for a change in the rules onslavery, is 45,357. The number of those who remonstrateagainst the change, is 3,999. 

 JUST PUBLISHED: a pamphlet of 36 pages, byHENRY C. WRIGHT, entitled, 'NO RIGHTS,NO DUTIES; or, Slaveholders, as such, have noRights, Slaves, as such, owe no Duties. An Answerto a Letter from Hon. Henry Wilson, touching Resistanceto Slaveholders being the Rights and Duty ofthe Slaves, and of the people and States of the North.' ENRY RIGHT For sale by BELA MARSH, 14 Bromfield street,and at the Anti-Slavery Office, 21 Cornhill. Price10 cents. 

 DIED—In this city. May 9, Mrs. SURANNA T.THAYER, widow of Nathaniel F. Thayer, Esq. aged78 years and 8 months. To say that she was a patternof excellence as a wife and mother, and in allthe relations and duties of life, is to do but the simplestjustice to her memory. Deprived of her husbandat middle age, the cares and responsibilities ofa large family devolved upon her, which she met withsurpassing fidelity and extraordinary ability. Shecombined with a never-falling vigilance for the welfareof her own household, a broad sympathy and anactive benevolence for the poor and needy, the unfortunateand distressed, without regard to complexionor race, and was never weary in doing good. Shewas firm, yet gentle; self-reliant and independent,yet modest and retiring; strong in her own convictionsyet catholic in her spirit; eminently conscientiousand upright, yet charitable and forbearing towardthe erring. Her habitual cheerfulness andamiability made her presence a perpetual benediction.Her translation was without suffering, and almost instantaneous;and although reaching an advanced age,her faculties were clear and unclouded to the last.She who so well performed her part here, cannot buthave accorded to a higher sphere of beneficent activity.and heard the heavenly welcome, 'Enter thou intothe joy of thy Lord,'—Ed. Lib. URANNA HAYER In Salem, May 23, Mrs. JILIANNA P., wife of Mr.DANIEL BUZTON, Jr. and daughter of the lateJudge Colby of New Hampshire, aged 37 years. Shewas a person of rare worth, possessing a progressivemind and a broadly humane spirit, and taking adeep interest in the cause of the oppressed, undeterredby social custom or public sentiment. The funeralservice were conducted by Parker Pillsbury andWm. Lloyd Garrison, a large company testifying bytheir attendance their appreciation of her characterand respect for her memory. ILIANNA ANIEL UZTON In Leominster, May 14, Mr. EDWARD WILDEN,aged 61. DWARD ILDEN All the reforms of the day were heartily espousedby him. Especially dear to his heart were the doctrinesof Christian non-resistance and the cause ofthe slave:—to him these were eminently the cause ofChrist. 'No Union with Slaveholders, religiously or politically,'was his chosen motto. He died as he lived, with a calm and serene trustin God, and a firm and unshaken faith in the ultimatetriumph of Christian principles. F.H.D. DIED—In Thorndike, Mass., April 17th after ageneral decline, terminated by a confinement of sixweeks, Rev. SAMUEL HENTY, familiarly known amonghosts of friends and acquaintances as 'Father Henry,'in the 77th year of his age. AMUEL ENTY 'We done thou good and faithful servant, enterthou into the joy of thy Lord.' The beloved old manrests at length from his earthly labors. He has departedin peace. The blessings of thousands follow hisprecious spirit to the home of the just. He has beenwelcomed thither by angelic throngs. The plaudit ofthe 'King Eternal' has been pronounced upon him,and the unfading crown of life enwreathes his silverhead. His eulogy is written in the living and enervativehearts of a wide-spread multitude, who haveheard hid faithful titmouse in behalf of pure andundefiled religion during the last half century, in behalfof Anti-Slavery humanity, in behalf of total abstinencefrom intoxicating beverages, in behalf ofPeace and Christian non-resistance, in behalf of everynoble reform and truly progressive enfoldment of theage. His inimitable 'Amen' and electrifying responsesto the utterances of truth by others, in hundredsof places, will never be forgotten. He was outspoken for all that commended itself tohis understanding of his conscience. He worshippednot at the shrine of popularity. He could not bepetrified in faith or practice. He lived to learn, toproclaim his freshest convictions, to oppose all that hedeemed wrong, to advocate ail that he deemed right,to reprove sin without compromise, yet to be alwayskind to the sinner, to be meek, lowly and loving towardall, to bless and curse not. None expected himto flatter the,; none feared that he would harm them;all learned to venerate and love him. His own willinghands ministered to he necessities of himself andfamily all through life, and especially after his fidelityto divine principles rendered him unsuitable towork in a sectarian harness. He was at first a preacher in the Methodist EpiscopalConnexion, afterwards in that of the ReformedMethodists or of the Wesleyan. Whether at hisdecease he was nominally a member of any organizedreligious body we are not certain. But we know thathe was one of the Lord's fremen—a minister andexemplifier of practical Christianity—a lover of Godand man. He was our beloved friend and brother.It was his request that we should minister at hisfuneral, and we enjoyed the precious privilege of doingso. There we met, sympathized with and endeavoredto console his venerable widow, likely soon to followhim, also with the larger portion of his children andchildren's children. They know his eminent worthat home, and have sanctified his memory with tearsof inexpressible affection. Kind friends and newbornsunited with us in hallowing his burial. Sohis emancipated spirit was commended to the LifeEverlasting, and his mortal remains were gently laidin an honored grave.—Practical Christian. Practical Christian. ☞This well-deserved obituary notice should haveappeared in the Liberator at an curlier date, but gotmislaid. Father Henry was 'one of the excellent ofthe earth,' and will long be loving remembered bythe friends of Non-Resistance and Anti-Slavery inthis State. Liberator ☞Florence has lost, this week, by death, one ofits oldest and most respected citizens, Abel Ross, whodied on Sunday, at the age of 76. He removed toFlorence some sixteen years ago from Chaplin, Ct.,and on the disbanding of the Community Associationhe purchased a part of the old Burt farm and theland formerly owned by William Clark, where he hassince resided. He was much respected by those whowere acquainted with him for his integrity and devotionto those principles that he held to be of vital importance.—Northampton Free Press. Northampton Free Press. ☞This venerable man was an early and triedfriend of the Anti-Slavery, Temperance and Peacemovements. He leaves a blessed memory. ☞John Spence, a colored minister, died in a chairin a store in Norwich, Ct. He sat down and apparentlyfell asleep, and some time elapsed before thefact of his death was known. He was 76 years old,and left a wife, who lives in New Haven. ☞Hon. William Campbell Preston died at hisresidence in Columbia, S.C., on Wednesday. at theage of 66 years and 5 months. He was President ofSouth Carolina College, (at which he graduated,)from 1845 to 1851. In 1886 he received the honorarydegree of LL.D. at Harvard Collage. He has representedSouth Carolina in both branches of Congress,but has lately retired form public life. Died, at De Witt, Clinton county, Iowa, on the 14thof May, Hon,. (Judge) E. GRAMAM. His death issupposed to have been caused by taking strychnineinstead of quinine. He had been ailing for some daysprevious to taking the fatal dose. RAMAM. Judge Graham was as native of Butler county, Pa.,and moved west in 1850. He was 42 years old thiscurrent year, and has hold several offices in this county.He stood at the head of his profession at thecounty bar—was a patriot—a finished gentleman—unboundedly generous—a decided reformer—theknown friend of the fugitive slave, and the terror ofram-sellers. He commenced his western careerwith a Temperance speech, and was engaged in prosecutingliquor-sellers a few days previous to hisdeath. He was a constant reader of the Anti-SlaveryBugle, and was an admirer of true men. Inconversation, he recited freely from Wendell Phillips'sspeeches, spoke in the highest terms of A.T.Foae's efforts west as an Anti-Slavery Agent, and tooka strong interest in his meetings. He was a JohnBrogan man and during the past winter did effectiveservice for the slave by holding meeting in the nameof the Hero of Harper's Ferry. His loss to reformersseems almost irreparable, while the large concourseat his funeral, from all parts of the county,showed the general sadness at his death. Anti-SlaveryBugle JohnBrogan 'His life was gentle, and the elementsSo mixed in him, that Nature might stand upAnd say, to all the world, 'This was a man!   C.B.C. ☞John White Browne, of Boston, whose accidentaldeath by falling from a railroad train was recentlyannounced, was a man of very marked characterization.An ardent philanthropy, united with theutmost gentleness and kindness, a fearless lover oftruth, a manly independence, and a singularly sensitiveconsciousness especially distinguished him.—When justice and right were to be sustained and defended,his purse was always open, and his servicesfree and active. He was a warm friend of the slave,and on the subject of Slavery was ever outspoken,bold, and uncompromising. In legal knowledge andattainment he was hardly second to any member of thebar in his native State; and one of the most distinguishedmembers of the profession, now a UnitedStates Senator, recently remarked that Mr. Brownewould be one of the most eminent advocator of thecountry, if he could lay said his consisens—. Among the many restoratives which nature hassupplied to relieve the afflictions of humanity, thereis no more favorite one for a certain class of diseasethan the 'medicinal gum' of the Wild Cherry Tree;but however valuable it is, its power to heal to soothe,to relieve, and to care, is enhanced ten fold by scientificand judicious combination with other ingredients,in themselves of equal worth. This happy minglingexists in that. Combination and a form indeed' Of medicine known as Whose value in curing Coughs, Colde, Bronchitis,Whooping Cough, Croup, Asthma, Pulmonary Affection,and Incipient Consumption, is inestimable. Coughs, Colde, Bronchitis,Whooping Cough, Croup, Asthma, Pulmonary Affection,and Incipient Consumption, is inestimable. Strong Testimony From BAMJAMIN WNERLER, Esq., Depot master atSouth Royalton, Mass. AMJAMIN NERLER SOUTH ROYALTON, Jan. 4, 1860. OUTH OYALTON MESSERS. SETH W. FOWLS &CCo., Boston: ETH OWLS Gents,—Although unsolicited by you, I cannot refrainfrom adding my testimony to the many alreadygiven in favor of your Wister's Balsam of Wild Cherry. my Wister's Balsam of Wild Cherry. In the spring of 1858, I was most severely afflictedwith a hard, dry cough, with its usual accompanimentsof night sweats, completely prostrating my nervoussystem, and producing such a debilitated state ofhealth, that after trying medical did to no purpose, Ihad given up all hopes of ever recovering, as had alsomy friends. At this stage of matters, I was prevailedupon through the influence of neighbor to try Wistar'sBalsam, though with no belief whatever in itstruly wonderful curative properties, and before usingtwo bottles, the effect was almost magical. My coughentirely left me, the night sweats deserted me, hopeonce more elated my depressed spirits, and soon I hadattained my wonted strength and vigor. Thus has this Balsam, as has often been remarkedby persons conversant with the above facts in thisvicinity, literally snatched me from the yawning grave.You are at liberty to use this for the benefit of the afflicted. Very respectfully yours, BENJ. WHEELER. Prepared by S.W. FOWLE &CCO., Boston, andfor sale by druggists and dealers every where. May 25th. 

 —ALSO— WADE'S PATENT RUNNING ATTACHMENT,No. 2 WALNUT STREET. WADE'S PATENT RUNNING ATTACHMENT (First Door from Main,) opposite Mechanics 'Hall,WORCESTER, MASS. Every variety of Stitching done to order. 

 The eight Yearly Meeting Progressive Friendswill convene at Longwood, Chester County, Pennsylvania,on First Day, the 3d of the Sixth month,[June,] 1860. JOSEPH A. DUGDALE,, OSEPH UGDALE BLIABRTH JACKSON, LIABRTH ACKSON OLIVER JOHNSON, LIVER OHNSON WILLIAM BARNARD, ILLIAM ARNARD ISAAC MENOSNHALL, SAAC ENOSNHALL MARY P. WILSON, ARY ILSON JOHN G. JAOKSON, OHN AOKSON RUTE DUGDALS, UTE UGDALS ALICE JACKSON, LICE ACKSON THOMAS WORRELL, HOMAS ORRELL MARY A.W. JOHNSON, ARY OHNSON MARY F. SMITH, ARY MITH EUSEBIUS BARNARD, USEBIUS ARNARD MARY L. BARNARD, ARY ARNARD MARTAM C. WORRELL, ARTAM ORRELL MARTHA KIMARR, ARTHA IMARR SARAH MARSH BARNARD, ARAH ARNARD DINAR MSNDENEALL, INAR SNDENEALL CORA WILRURN, ORA ILRURN ANNIE M. STANSACN, M.D. NNIE TANSACN 

 MADAM BANNISTER (formerly Madam CALTEAUK)would inform her kind and liberal patronsand the public, that she has removed to 322Washington st., and 20 West st.; where will be foundher Restorative, the most celebrated in the world, asit prevents hair from turning gray, and produces nowin all diseases of the scalp. She stands second tonone in Hair-Dyeing and Champooing. ALTEAUK Ladies waited on at their residences, either in orout of town. Boston, May 1, 1860. 

