 THEN AND NOW. At midnight on the 3d of March,1854, Senator Seward concluded his speech in oppositionto the Kansas-Nebraska bill, as follows:— HEN OW. "The shifting sands of compromise are passing fromunder my feet, and they are now, without agency ofmy own, taking hold again on the rock of the Constitution.It shall be no fault of mine if they do not remainfirm. This seems to me auspicious of better days andwiser legislation. Through all the darkness andgloom of the present hour, bright stars are breaking,that inspire me with hope, and excite me to perseverance.They show that the day of compromise haspassed forever, and that henceforward all great questions between Freedom and Slavery legitimately cominghere—and none other can come—shall be decided,as they ought to be, upon their merits, by a fair exerciseof legislative power, and not not by bargains of equivocalprudence, if not of doubtful immorality. they are now taking hold again on the rock of the Constitution.It shall be no fault of mine if they do not remainfirm. They show that the day of compromise haspassed forever not by bargains of equivocalprudence, if not of doubtful immorality. Will Mr. Seward please look into his own mirror! 

 DEAR FRIEND GARRISON—It was my good fortuneto hear our impressive and devoted sister, who addressedthe Friends of Progress, at Lyceum Hall, inthis town, on Sunday last. May years ago, MissHolley lectured here in the cause of the slave. I rejoicethat she has not lost her ardor or eloquence, but, her physical weakness, she speaks with morepower and effect. Placing Anti-Slavery, as she does,on its true basis, the life-work and power of Christ,she never fails to enlist the sympathies of her hearers,or to kindle up and quicken new zeal and interest inthe great and blessed work given us to accomplish. EAR RIEND ARRISON  Her running comments on the incident she read inthe life of Jesus, who healed the withered hand onthe Sabbath day, were most pertinent and effective.,In this part of her opening service, she did much tofix the mind upon Jesus, the bright pattern of theChristian life, and to show how much—nay, how entirely—we depend upon that true devotion to principle,which gives the Saviour a "name above every otherin heaven or earth." She claimed, and truly so, thatAbolitionist, in striving more than ever to imitatethe blessed Teacher, who regarded one human soulworth more than the whole material universe, wouldbe successful. much To those of us whose faith is drooping in this hourof terrible conflict, the words of our sister were likeapples of gold in pictures of silver." Her ownstrong faith in the sure triumph of our just and righteouswarfare gave fresh courage to ", hope on, and hopeever." For truly were we told that the Abolitionistssave counted the cost, and are not to be diverted fromtheir purpose, though the very heavens fall—or, moreproperly, though all earth's systems crash, and fall topieces. Faith in the God of the oppressed, and in thevictory of truth, was never more beautifully spoken,or better received by a large and refreshed audience.Heaven bless her and other toiling advocates of thehearted millions, till that millennial day shall comewhen "liberty shall be proclaimed throughout all thehad, to all the inhabitants thereof"! Permit me here, even at the expense of occupyinga little more space in your crowded columns, to add afew words of digression. And in these times, can Irefrain from expressing my gratitude and admirationto our most excellent and kind brother Hall, of Dorchester,for his timely words, the Sabbath followingour effectual, though distracted meeting at TremontTemple A thousand blessings on such ministers ofChrist, who, in such an hour of need, prove themselvesno "hirelings," but the true ambassadors of thegood Shepherd, who giveth his life for the sheep."Were the New England pulpit blessed with such ministers,Abolitionists would have no cause to condemnits recreancy. It is because "he that is a hireling,and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not,seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, andfleeth," that our charge is just against false priestwho "daub with untempered mortar," and cry "peace,when there is no peace." On entering the door of Tremont Temple, on theday of our annual meeting, I met with brother HallHe was about taking a seat, when I asked him to gowith me on the platform. Most readily did he assent,desiring, as he remarked, to be a faithful witness,"read and known of all men," for the cause of theslave and free speech. There he caught the inspirationsof the hour, and most happily is the result evincedin the truthful and excellent sermon preached to hispeople, and from which you gave your readers an invitingtaste week. God bless all such ministersof Christ! They plead not in vain. G.W.S. Milford, (Mass) Feb. 24, 1861. 

 ☞ TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ☞ Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all letters relatingto the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected, (POST-PAID) to the General Agent. ☞ Advertisements inserted a the rate of the five perline. ☞ The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areare authorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentleman constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of thepaper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, EDMUND QUINCY, EDMUNDJACKSON, and WENDELL PHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 22. The ceremony of raisingthe flag over Independence Hall, by Mr. Lincoln, thisforenoon, was attended by an immense crowd, and thescene was quite impressive. HILADELPHIA Mr. Lincoln was escorted to the Hall at 7o'clock,where he was received and welcomed by TheodoreCuyler. Mr. Lincoln, in reply, said:— I am filled with deep emotion at finding myselfstanding in the place where were collected the .wisdomand patriotism from which sprang the institutionsunder which we lire. You hare kindly suggestedthat in my hands is the task of restoring peace to thepresent distracted condition at the country. I can sayin return, that ail the political sentiments I entertainhave been drawn from the sentiments originated in andhave to the world From this hall I never bad a politicalfeeling that did not spring from the sentimentsembodied in the Declaration of Independence. I hareoften pondered over the dangers incurred by the menwho assembled here, and framed and adopted the Declarationof Independence. I hare pondered over thetoils endured by the officers and soldiers of the armywho achieved that independence. I hare often inquiredof myself what great principle or idea it wasthat has kept this confederacy so long together. Itwas not the mere matter of the separation of the coloniesfrom the mother land, but it was that sentimentin the Declaration which gave liberty not alone to thepeople of this country, but hope to the world for allfuture lime. (Applause.) It was that which gave promisethat in due time the weights would be lifted fromthe shoulders of ail men. This is the sentiment embodied in the Declarationof Independence. Now, my friends, can this countrybe saved upon this basis I If it can, I will considermyself one of the happiest men in the world if I canhelp save it. If it cannot be saved upon that principle,it will be truly awful. But if this country cannotbe saved without giving up that principle, I was aboutto say I would rather to assassinated on this spot thanto surrender it. (Applause.) Now, in my view of the present aspect of affairs,there is no need of bloodshed or war—no necessity forit. I am not in favor of such a course, and I may sayin advance, there will be no bloodshed, unless forcedupon the Government, and then it will be compelledto act in self-defence. (Applause.) I did not expectto be called upon to say a word when I came here. Isupposed I was merely to do something towards raisinga flag. (Cries of "No!" "No!') I have saidnothing that I am not willing to live and die by. Mr. Lincoln concluded amid great applause. A procession then formed, which moved directly tothe platform in front of the State House. When Mr.Lincoln appeared, there was tremendous cheering bythe crowd. Mr. Benton, of the City Council, in a brief address,requested Mr. Lincoln to raise the flag, to which thelatter cheerfully responded, briefly alluding to theoriginal flag of thirteen stars, the number of whichhad increased as time rolled on, and we had become apowerful and happy people, each star adding to ourprosperity. Our future, said he. is in the hands of thepeople. It was on such occasions as this that wecould reason together, and reaffirm our devotion tothe coup try and to the principles of the Declaration ofIndependence. Let us make up our minds that wheneverwe do put a new star upon oar banner, it shallbe a fixed one, never to be dimmed by the horrors ofwar, but brightened by contentment, prosperity andpeace. Let us go on and extend the area of ourusefulness, and star upon star, until that light shinesover five hundred millions of free and happy people. Rev. Mr. Clark invoked divine grace, the spectatorsuncovering. The flag, which was rolled up inman-of-war style, was then adjusted, a signal was fired,and, amid the most excited enthusiasm, the Presidentelect hoisted the national ensign, and it floated outboldly on the breeze. Cheer followed cheer untilhoarseness prevented their continuance. After the conclusion of the ceremony, Mr. Lincolnreturned to his hotel, followed by an excited crowd.After breakfast, he repaired to the depot of the PennsylvaniaRailroad. 

 ☞"What elder of man under the most absolute ofmonarchies, or the most aristocratic of republics, was overinserted with such an odious and unjust privilege as thatof the separate and exclusive representation of thanhalf a million of slaves, in the Hail of this House,in the chair of the Senate, and in the Presidential mansion?This investment of power in the owners of onespecies of properties contrasted in the highest authorities,of the nation, and disseminated thought thirteen of thetwenty-six States of the Union, constitution a privilegedolder man in the community, mere adverse to the rightsof all, and mere pernicious to the interest of the whole,than any order of nobility ever known. To call governmentmost thus constituted a Democracy is the insult the understandingof mankind. . . . It is doubtly tainted with theinfection of riches and of slavery. There is no man inthe language of national jurisprudence that can define it—no modal in the record of ancient history, or in the politicaltheories of Aristotle, with which can be latewood. Itwas introduced into the Constitution of the United Statesby an eluviations—a representation of property under thename of persons. Little did the member of the Conventionfrom the Free State imagine under the mask of this concession."—JOHN QUINCY ADAMS. OHN UINCY DAMS. 

 We find in the Herald and Times of New York city,full accounts of the sudden departure of Mr. Lincolnfrom Harrisburg for Washington on Friday night lastThe Times publishes the following from its correspondent,attached to the travelling party of the Presidentelect:— Herald Times Times "HARRISBURG, (Pa.) Feb. 28, 8 A.M. ARRISBURG Abraham Lincoln, the President elect of the UnitedStates, is safe in the capital of the nation. By the admirablearrangement of Gen. Scott, the country hasbeen spared the lasting disgrace, which would havebeen fastened indelibly upon it had Mr. Lincoln beenmurdered upon his journey thither, as he would havebeen had be followed the Programme as announced inpapers, and gone by the Northern Central Railroad toBaltimore. On Thursday night, after he had retired, Mr. Lincolnwas aroused, and informed that a stranger desiredto see him on a matter of life or death. He declinedto admit him unless he gave his name, which he atonce did. Such prestige did the name carry that while Mr.Lincoln was yet disrobed, he granted an interview tothe caller. A prolonged conversation elicited the fact that anorganized body of men had determined that Mr. Lincolnshould not be inaugurated, and that he shouldnever leave the city of Baltimore alive, if indeed heever entered it. The list of the names of the conspirators presenteda most astonishing array of persons high in Southernconfidence, and some whose fame is not confined tothis country alone. Statesmen laid the plan, bankers endorsed it, andadventurers were to carry it into effect. They understoodMr. Lincoln was to leave Harrisburg at 9o'clock this morning by special train, and the ideawas, if possible, to throw the cars from the road atsome point where they could rush down a steep embankmentand destroy, in a moment, the lives of allon board. In case of the failure of this project, theirplan was to surround the carriage on the way from depotto depot in Baltimore, and assassinate him withdagger or pistol shot. So authentic was the source from which the informationwas obtained, that Mr. Lincoln, after counselingwith his friends, was compelled to make arrangementswhich would enable him to subvert the plans of hisenemies. Greatly to the annoyance of the thousands who desiredto call on him last night, he declined giving a reception.The final council was held at 8 o'clock. Mr. Lincoln did not want to yield, and Col. Sumneractually cried with indignation; but Mrs. Lincoln,seconded by Mr. Judd and Mr. Lincoln's original informant,insisted upon it, and at nine o'clock Mr. Lincolnleft on a special. train. Accompanied by SuperintendentLewis and one friend, he started, while allthe town, with the exception of Mrs. Lincoln, Col.8umner, Mr. Judd, and two reporters who were swornto secrecy, supposed him to be asleep. The telegraph wires were put beyond reach of anyone who might desire to use them. At one o'clock, the fact was whispered from one toanother, and it soon became the theme of most excitedconversation. Many thought it a very injudiciousmove, while others regarded it as a stroke of greatmerit." The following is from the Washington correspondenceof the Times:— Times "Senator Seward received official intelligence, onThursday evening, from reliable sources, that a mostdiabolical plot had been successfully arranged, on thepart of a secret organization in Baltimore, to assassinatethe President elect, on his arrival in that city.Mr. Seward communicated this intelligence to a fewprivate friends, and it was determined to dispatch amessenger at once to Philadelphia, informing him ofthe fact, and urging him to take an earlier train, whichwould bring him through in the night. Mr. Lincolnsaid he bad received intelligence from, Baltimore of asimilar nature. A special train was accordingly arranged,and he departed at once for Washington. It is positively denied by Baltimoreans that anysuch organization exists, or that any interferencewould have been made with the Presidential party.There is little doubt that the feeling and sentiment ofthe people of Baltimore are very bitter against Mr. Lincoln,so much so, indeed, that violence might have,been attempted. It is regarded as a very wise move,in giving them the slip." The correspondent of the Times remarks as follows: Times "Mr. Lincoln's coup d' etat and rapid passage throughBaltimore have been condemned here by some whodo not know the facts, which are simply these: A setof unscrupulous political knaves in Baltimore, whohad determined to tarn Mr. Lincoln's visit there totheir own account, arranged for a procession from thedepot to his hotel. Protection was asked by these rowdiesof Marshal Kane, who advised against such aproceeding. He said Mr. Lincoln would be treatedwith all respect due him personally and his nigh officialposition, but so obnoxious were the parties proposingthe demonstration that he could not insure thesame respect to them. If they were determined tobrave the matter, it might result in some indignitybeing offered which would be mortifying to the Presidentelect, and disgraceful to the city of Baltimore.Finding that these men were fixed in their designto make Mr. Lincoln's visit subserve their purposes,the Utter was advised, by terbium, to pass on toWashington without stopping, which he did. Thisadvice came from gentlemen who had the good nameof Baltimore chiefly as heart." coup d' etat The Correspondent of the Tribune says— Tribune "The changes to Mr. Lincoln's program of travelfrom Harrisburg to Washington was induced solely byan official communication from General Scott, predicatedupon sufficient information which ho had receivedof the danger of a riot at Baltimore, and probablyof a desperate determination at assaults at theroute That intelligence was communicated by aspecial messenger sent from here on Thursday, and itwas confirmed by the report of detective police officerswho had been employed by other parties. While Mr. Lincoln entertained no apprehensions forhis own safety, he did not feel justified in hazardingtoe public peace. His decision was, therefore, madeto respect to the judgment of the War Department,and upon a state of facts of which he could have nopersonal knowledge." The New York Evening Past says:— Evening Past "We learn to-day from a gentleman who accompaniedMr. Lincoln and his party daring the greaterpart of the journey from Springfield to this city, thatgreat precautions were taken at the various pouts onthe route, to guard against any injury to the person ofthe President elect, from the malicious designs of enemies. Before entering the cars, the conductors of the linewere accustomed to thoroughly examine the seats andthe cushions, to see that there was no dangerous machineor persons secreted in the carriage. This precautionshows that not only was there danger, butthat that danger was at least partially known to Mr.Lincoln and his friends. It is well understood that Gen. Scott advised Mr.Lincoln, before leaving home, to hare his family atall times around him, on his journey to the federalcapital." 

 The workingmen of Massachusetts, assembled inFaneuil Hall, send greeting to their brethren throughoutthe United States: It is the right of a free people,who are misrepresented and misgoverned bythose in power, to take counsel together of each otherfor the redress of ther grievances. The beloved Union of thirty-three States hasbeen broken and we must not fear to inquire into thecause of this great wrong, nor to seek its redress. The believe the chief cause to have been that thepeople, North and South, have been deceived andbetrayed by politicians and office-seekers. The father of his Country, in his Farewell Address,counselled us to beware of the "misrepresentationof designing men who would excite jealousiesand heart-burnings by geographical discriminationsof Northern and Southern, and by misrepresentingthe opinions and views of other districtsof the counttry." He wise and prophetic warnings have been forgottenand disregarded. The South have beentaught to believe that the North hate them, and arepledged to trample upon their rights and destroytheir property; while the North have been taughtthat the South hold them in hatred and contempt,and are united in a hostile plan of aggression upontheir liberties. If these are the true feelings of our countrymen,corporation of the Union is impossible in "a governmentwhich derives its just powers from the consentthe governed." It is in vain for politicians to tell us that secessionis illegal.  Seven States have acceded already; andof the citizens of those States are united in theirtermination to leave the Union, no laws and no can compel them to remain. have  We very well know, that if the freemen of Masachusettswere united in the determination to leavethe Union, because they felt that they had beenarranged by years of hatred and aggression on thepart of the other States, then neither the force oflaws nor of arms could bring them back to a governmentin which they believed liberty and equalrights were impossible. Our forts might be taken, our commerce destroyed,we towns burned, as they were during the Revolution.but our free race could never be held as a conqueredpeople. Our Southern brethren are of thesame blood as we are, and we feel that if force couldbring them back into the Union, they would be fitonly to be the bondsmen of their own slaves. force Since coercion is unwise, unjust, and impossible,we must look to other means for the restoration orthe Union, and we believe that those means are inthe power of the people. Between the people ofthe States, there can be no misunderstandings, ifthey can but be brought together. We believe that the first duty of the people,South and North, is to put away forever those designingpoliticians who have deceived the people,and brought this danger upon the country. We appeal to our brethren at the South to dealwith their traitors at home, the sowers of sedition,who endeavor to mislead and misrepresent them. We on our part, will do our best here at theNorth to expose and to put down forever the mischief-makerswho have sown discord between theStates, and brought our country to the verge orcivil war. We see plainly that the ceaseless falsehoods whichhave misled the South as to our true feelings, andthe rash and wicked deeds which are charged uponour whole people, are due to a small but activeand unscrupulous party of Abolitionists, who haveadopted every disguise and joined every party inorder to accomplish their evil purposes. They were Whigs among the Whigs, and theyjoined the coalition party against the Whigs. Theyhave joined the Free Soil party, and they havejoined the American party, and they finally havejoined the Republican party. And they have betrayedthem all. We believe that now their power is at an end, becausetheir disguise of philanthropy is thrown off,and their purposes are at last known; and we doearnestly appeal to all patriots, and all honest menat the North. to pledge themselves to an unending hostilityto the principles and plant of the Abolitionists,for the following reasons:— now North. to pledge themselves to an unending hostilityto the principles and plant of the Abolitionists Because they undermine religion, and openly denythe authority of the Holy Word of God, which is therule and guide of our faith. Because they proclaim that our cherished Constitution"is an agreement with death, and a compact withbe.' Because they that, for sixteen years, they haveplotted the destruction of the Union, and desire nowto complete their work. Because they publicly boast that they have alwayshad secret societies organized to resist the laws whichthe people have made, and all are bound to obey. Refuse the murdered, Batchelder, brutallymurdered in the Court House of Boston by amob of Abolitionists, teaches us the object of thesesecret societies, and what Abolitionists mean bybenevolence and love of man. Because the bells of the New England churcheswhich the Abolitionists tolled on the day of the justexecution of John Brown, proclaimed their hatred ofthe Union and their sympathy with his wicked raid,and with his murder of peaceable citizens of Virginia. Because their pretended love for slaves a thousandmiles away is but hypocrisy. If they loved mankind,and would prevent sin, and suffering, and wrong, theycould find here at home objects more than sufficientfor the exercise of all their assumed virtues. But theirphilanthropy is mere deception—their affected sympathyis selfishness—and their feigned love for theslave, a cloak for their insidious designs. For these, and for many other reasons, we appealto all good citizens at the North—Republicans andDemocrats, Union Men and Americans—to see toit, that henceforth the pest of Abolition shall, underno disguise, be tolerated in their counsels. the pest of Abolition shall, underno disguise, be tolerated in their counsels. But to the publicans we appeal most earnestly,to avow their open hostility, because the Abolitionistshave for their own purposes, deceived the South,and taught them to believe that all Republicans areAbolitionists. Let thus be a war not of force, but of opinion; acontest of reason against fanaticism, of patriotismagainst treason; and, before many years, the nameof Abolitionist will be remembered only with contempt,,and its dishonest efforts of obtain power a subject ofderision. the nameof Abolitionist will be remembered only with contempt, In the hearts of the people of Massachusetts thereis not, nor ever has been, any feeling of hatred forthe South. Our brethren do not understand how afew active and unscrupulous men can appear tohave so much influence. The truth is, that theworkingmen care little for the strife of political partiesand the intrigues of office-seekers. We regardthem with the contempt they deserve. We areweary of this question of Slavery; it is a matterwhich does not concern us; and we wish only to attendto our business, nod leave the South to attendto their own affairs, without any interference fromthe North. We areweary of this question of Slavery; it is a matterwhich does not concern us Only in the hour of danger do we step forward todemand and enforce oar political rights. And nowthat we are obliged to come forward for the sake ofour country, we learn with profound astonishment,from the confession of the great party leaders, thatthe question which divides and distracts the country,as to whether slaves shall or shall not be admittedin the Territories, is a mare quarrel about anabstract opinion; and that, in ten rears, only twelveslaves have been domiciled in the Territories of NewMexico. Well may the people say that they mustcome forward to protect themselves from the politicians. But the workingmen of the United States haveother duties than to put down the treasonable designsof the Abolitionists. It is in our power tosave the Union, if we will but be united. Let usforget, then, forever, that we have been Whigs orDemocrats, Republicans or Americans, or Unionmen, and let the symbols and platforms and passionsand prejudices of party be discarded, never to berecalled. Let us not quibble about words, or stand obstinatelyupon slight differences of opinion, like ourRepresentatives, who dignify their perverse obstinacywith the name of principle,—but, disregardingall other objects, unite earnestly, honestly andheartily to preserve the Union. Let us form throughout the land associations ofworkingmen, whose only platform shall be, Libertyand Union, and equal rights to all. If our present Congress does not, without delay,propose satisfactory amendments to the Constitution,we can petition our respective Legislatures, andupon the application of the Legislatures of two-thirdsof the States, Congress must call a Conventionfor proposing amendments to the Constitution.In a Convention called by the people, the rights ofthe people will be safe. must To our brethren in the South we appeal, to disregardeverything bat the voice of the people. TheSenators of Massachusetts insult us, when our respectfulpetitions are presented in Congress, and ourLegislature disregards the wishes of the citizens.But the power remains in our hands, and we shallsoon have the privilege of exercising it; and thepeople, dumb so long, because accident has placedthe powers of representing them in unworthy hands,will speak for themselves—the people of the Northspeaking earnestly, honestly and frankly to the peopleof the South. brethren in the South If our Southern brethren choose to return to theUnion, we will give them a sincere and hearty welcome,and endeavor to protect them in their rights.If they prefer to cast their lot with us no longer,we will bid them "go in peace," and we will endeavorto secure to ourselves, the blessings of libertyand independence in our own government. Wewish no Union but a Union or friendship, not offorce; no associates but those who remain with us oftheir own free will. our Southern brethren The free people of the North will never sanctionthe unjust and delusive plan of coercion, nor seekin force or civil war the remedy for the presentdangers to the Union. We will never consent "tobear arms against our country, or to become theexecutioners of our friends and brethren." Let the advances which we make, frankly andboldly, be met in the same spirit, and the Unionmay yet be saved. To our brethren in the South we also say that welove the Union, because, in the words of Washington,"it is the palladium of our political safety andprosperity,—the main pillar in the edifice of ourreal independence; the support of our tranquilityat home, our peace abroad; of our safety, oar prosperity,and of that very liberty which we so highlyprize." our brethren in the South We have loved the Union as the costly inheritancewhich a noble race of patriots have banded down toa nation of freemen; sealed with the blood of thebravest of the brave, it was the bright coronalwhich crowned the suffering, and sorrow, and strife,and despair, of set en weary years of desolating war. Our Father in heaven visibly protected it by hisguiding hand. In fear and in hope, in battle andin death, and in the victory that swallows up death,our ancestors suffered, and sorrowed, and died to winit; and Washington gave it to us with his blessing. It is the golden chain that binds the past to thefuture, linking together the darkness of that longnight, and the promises of the cheerful dawn, andthe glories of the noontide of prosperity. It is the bond of brotherly kindness; for yourglory was our glory, your race was our race, yourpeople was our people, your God was our God. No mountain-peak along our coast but has itsmemories,—no ancient river but has its monuments,—no shore but has its sacred dust,—and the grassgrows green over a thousand graves once red withblood, now perchance shed in vain. We have lovedit with the unselfish love of childhood, when ourcheeks glowed and our hearts boat quick as we weretold of its marvellous history; we have loved it withthe thoughtful love of manhood living not in vain,but living for wife and child, and home, and liberty,and country; we have loved it as the day-star ofcivilization—the pledge and promise of liberty—thehope of the exile in every land; religion has lentits sanctities to it; the sweet charities of home andkindred have made it holy; and the poor and oppressedhave given it their benediction. May God in His infinite mercy save the UnitedStates of America! Mr. Wilder came forward, and said:— In connection with the address which has beenread, I have some resolutions here for the considerationof this meeting, and move their adoption. Theresolutions were as follows: Resolved, That we tender to the Hon. John J.Crittenden our sincere thanks for the manner inwhich he received and presented to Congress the memorialof twenty-three thousand citizens of Massachusetts,and for the eloquence which he vindicated themfrom the unworthy aspersions which were cast uponthe intelligence of his constituents by the Hon. Chas.Sumner, the Senator of Massachusetts. Resolved, That we respectfully request the Hon.John J. Crittenden to act for Massachusetts, as well asfor the great 8tate of Kentucky, and to present in theSenate the foregoing address, as embodying our reasonsfor the respectful petition of this meeting, thatCongress will propose such amendments of the Constitutionof the United States as will satisfy the BorderSlates, and, restore tranquillity to the country. Resolved, That copies of the foregoing address andof these resolutions be transmitted to the Legislaturesof the thirty-four United States, whether they nowconsider themselves in or out of the Union, and toall Conventions and assemblies of the people. Northand South, with the respectful request that they maybe received is the same spirit in which they are sent,and that they may be read and placed upon record asthe voice of the Workingmen of Massachusetts, assembledin Faneuil Hall. The mention of Mr. Crithenden'sname was receivedwith great cheering, and three-grace forCharier Summer. three-grace forCharier Summer. 

 An immense crowd of people, not willing to give upthe hope of seeing Old Abe, commenced about noon toflock toward Bolton depot and Calvert station, wherethe extra train was expected to arrive about oneo'clock. The police, under Marshal Kane, took theposition assigned to them, and the vast crowds, extendingfrom the station along Calvert street, as far asthe Battle Monument, and all the way along Northand Franklin streets, impatiently awaited the coming.Numbers also besieged the Eutaw House, and peeredanxiously into the faces of the occupants of all carriagesthat approached. About the hour of one o'clock, a loud shout washeard at the northern end of the depot, announcingthat the train was in sight, when the entire mass ofpeople, to the number of about six or eight thousand,who were stationed about the entrance, rushed in abody into the building, with cries of "Here he is;""Here's Old Abe;" "Look out for him," &C. The train, it appears, had been partially stopped, atthe intersection of Charles street, to allow them todismount; but owing to the immense crowd assembledat that point, the train again moved on, and appearedin sight, as above stated, being followed by hundredsof the Charles street crowd, who were running rapidlyin the rear of the train. As the train approached the depot, another and ifanything a more desperate rush was made, the crowdagain passing into the depot The entire platform in the centre of the buildingwas instantly packed to suffocation with the crowd,when a train of cars came rapidly into the depot Itwas heralded by loud shouts and groans by the crowd,who soon besieged the platform, crying, "Where ishe?" "Here, here;" "Here he comes;" "Here beis," &C, &C. So dense was the mass, that the passengers(this being the regular accommodation train)were unable for some time to get out upon the platform. It soon became evident, however, to those assembled,that Mr. Lincoln was. not upon the train, andanother rush was made for the street at the end of thedepot, carrying everything before them "pell mell." The excitement here partially subsided, whenanother yell was heard from the crowd outside—another train having appeared in sight upon the top ofthe hill on North street This proved to be the specialtrain containing Mrs. Lincoln and her three sons, andthe suite of the President. The platforms were again besieged, and in an instantas it were, the platforms of the cars were filledwith an excited mass. The most terrific shouts andyells were sent up, excelling anything in the way ofexcitement we have ever witnessed. This continuedfor several minutes, when several gentlemen of Mr.Lincoln's suite stepped upon the platform, accompaniedby Mrs. Lincoln. One of these gentlemen, was taken for the President,and a rush being made, the entire party weresoon in a "jam;" and so violent was the pressurefrom all sides, that many were pushed headlong fromthe platform, which is about three feet high. The excitement was momentarily growing more intense,and the yells were again repeated, when thegentleman taken for Mr. Lincoln manages! to escapeby rushing quickly through the freight department ofthe depot, and taking a carriage. Mrs. Lincoln and family were then escorted to carriages,which were in waiting, and moved off. Thepeople were now completely nonplussed, being unableto judge as to whether the President was in the trainor not, and for perhaps half an hour the dense massswayed to and fro, uttering every imaginable descriptionof noise. Several squabbles ensued, but up to the hour of ourgoing to press no difficulty had occurred, although acrowd of several thousand still surrounds the depotand its vicinity.—Baltimore Republican, Feb. 23. Baltimore Republican, Feb. 

 In the United States Senate, February 12th, Mr.Crittenden, of Kentucky, having presented a petitionin favor of his scheme of compromise from23,230 citizens of Massachusetts, the Hon. CharlesSumner addressed the Senate as follows:— These petitioners ask, as I understand it, for thepassage of what is familiarly known as the Crittendenpropositions. Their best apology for this petitionis their ignorance of the character of thesepropositions. Had they known what they were,they never would have put their names to that petition.Those resolutions go beyond the Breckinridgeplatform, which has already been solemnly condemnedby the American people. They foist intothe Constitution of the United States constitutionalguaranties of slavery which the framers of that instrumentnever gave—which Washington, Jefferson,Franklin, Patrick Henry, and John Jay, if wemay credit the testimony of their lives and opinions,would have scorned. Had any such propositionsbeen made the condition of union, this Union nevercould have been formed. Mr. Madison told us inthe Convention, that it was wrong to attempt to putin the Constitution the idea of property in man;but these propositions propose to interpolate thatidea, and, practically carrying it out, they run ablack line on the latitude 36 deg., 30 min., and giveconstitutional protection to slavery in all the territorysouth of that line now belonging to the Republic;and to make the case still more oppressive,and still more impossible to be received at theNorth, they make it applicable to all the territoryhereafter to be acquired; so that the flag of the Republic,as it moves southward, shall always be theflag of slavery, and every future acquisition in thatdirection shall be Africanized, and that by virtueof the Constitution of the United States. That isabout enough, in this age of civilization. But thisis not all. Still further, they insist upon guarantiesto slavery in the national capital, and in other placeswithin the Federal jurisdiction. Nor is this all.As if to make it especially offensive to the people ofthe North, and to the people of Massachusetts, theypropose to despoil our colored fellow-citizens of theirpolitical franchise, a long time secured to them bythe institutions of that honored Commonwealth.Sir, it is for these things that these petitioners nowpray. They insist that they shall be interpolatedin the Constitution of the United States. I have aninfinite respect for the right of petition, and I desirealways to promote the interests, and to carry forwardthe just and proper desires of my fellow-citizens.But I must express my regret that thesegentlemen have missed the opportunity, after unitingin such numbers, of calling plainly and unequivocally,as savers of the Union of their fathers,for two things—two things all-sufficient for thepresent occasion, and with regard to which I shouldexpect the sympathies of the Senator from Kentucky.First, the Constitution of the United Statesas administered by George Washington, to be preservedintact and blameless in its text, without anytinkering or patching. And, secondly, the verdictof the people last November, by which AbrahamLincoln was elected President of the United States,to be enforced without price or faltering. There isa ground upon which every patriot and loyal citizenof the land can stand, and he has over him then theConstitution and the flag of his country. You hadbetter have that, sir, than any scheme, device, jugglery,or hocus pocus called a compromise. Onsuch ground, all men who really love the Union andthe country can take their stand without an "if" ora "but." I remember, sir, on the night of the passageof the Nebraska bill,—it was after midnight,—! made the declaration in debate, that the time forcompromises had passed. The events now takingplace all verify this truth. It is obvious that theexisting difficulties can now be arranged only onpermanent principles of justice, and freedom, andhumanity. Any seeming settlement founded on anabandonment of principle will be but a miserablepatchwork, which cannot succeed. It was only ashort time ago, you will remember, sir, the wholecountry was filled with shame and dismay, as thereport came to us of the surrender of Southernforts; and when it was known that Fort Sumter,too, was about to be given up, a cry went forth fromthe heart of the people, by which that fortress wassaved—at least, for the present. Propositions arenow made and brought forward by the Senatorfrom Kentucky, and now enforced by a petitionfrom the people of my own State, calling upon theNorth to surrender its principles—to surrender itsimpregnable principles of human rights, which constituteour Northern forts. It is even proposed nowto surrender the principle of freedom in the Territories—the Fort Sumter of the North. I trust, sir,they will yet be saved; and as their safety dependsupon the President. I trust that- the cry will go forthfrom the people, like that which went forth fromthem a few days ago, to save that other Fort Sumterwhen it was menaced. For myself, if I stand withmany or with few, or alone. I have but one thing tosay—no surrender of the Fort Sumter of the North,no surrender of any of our Northern forts. No,sir, not one. But the bankers and merchants throwout their fears, and they tell us the Governmentshall not have money, if we do not surrender ourprinciples. Then, again, sir, I appeal to the people.I believe the American people are not more unpatrioticthan the French, and it only want the opportunityto show it—to come forward and relieve thenecessities of the Government, as the French people,recently, at the hint of Louis Napoleon, cameforward with a loan composed of small sums. OurGovernment stands upon the aggregate virtue andintelligence of the people, and it only remains nowthat we should mike an appeal to the aggregatewealth of the people—the farmer, the laborer, themechanic. Every man, who truly loves his country,will be witling to give of his earnings to upholdthe Constitution and the national flag; and out ofthese small earnings, inspired by a genuine patriotism,we shall have a full treasury. There is but onething now for the North to do—that is, to stand firmin their position. They may be guided by one ofthe greatest patriots of the age, I mean Lafayette,who, in his old age, when his experience had beenripened by time, and while looking over the unutterablecalamities of the old French revolution,said, "It was his solemn duty to declare that, in hisopinion, they were to be referred not to the badpassions of men, but to those timid counsels thatsought to substitute compromise for principle." Lafayettemay well speak to his American fellow-citizensnew, to caution them against say timidcounsels that would substitute compromise for principle. ☞The Bottom petition, referred to by Mr. Summer,so far from representing the intelligence and virtueof the city or me State. was on expression of nothingbut ignorance, corruption and duplicity. 

 We copy the following account of the movements ofthe President elect at Washington, from the New YorkHerald's dispatches:— Herald's dispatches At eleven o'clock Mr. Lincoln, accompanied by Mr.Seward, called at the White House, and paid his respectsto Mr. Buchanan. The interview was merelyone of courtesy, and not for business. Mr. Buchananreceived Mr. Lincoln very cordially. When Mr. Lincoln called upon Mr. Buchanan, theCabinet were in session. The messenger announcedthat Mr. Seward was in the ante-room, attended byMr. Lincoln, the President elect This was a coupd' eta. The President was not aware that Mr. Lincolnbad arrived, nor was either member of the CabinetMr. Buchanan proceeded immediately to his privatereception room, and soon Mr. Lincoln and Mr.Seward were shown in, the latter introducing the former.Mr. Buchanan received Mr. Lincoln very cordially,and a pleasant interview was had. Mr. Buchananwas anxious to know if Mr. Lincoln had asatisfactory reception at Harrisburg, to which the latterresponded that it was very enthusiastic on the partof the people, and exceedingly satisfactory to him.Mr. Buchanan then invited Mr. Lincoln to visit theCabinet Chamber, which he accepted, and was introducedto each member. The interviews were veryagreeable. coupd' eta. Upon leaving the White House, Mr. Lincoln andMr. Seward made a call upon Lincoln General Scott,but the old chief was absent attending to his officialduties. At three o'clock General Scott returned Mr. Lincoln'scall. He was warmly greeted by the Presidentelect, who expressed to the General his thanks for themany marks of attention he had shown him, especiallyin detailing an escort from his home to the capitalGeneral Scott expressed his great gratification at Mr.Lincoln's safe arrival, and especially complimentedhim for choosing to travel from Harrisburg unattendedby any display, but in a plain democratic way. At four o'clock the Illinois Congressional delegation,without respect of party, headed by Senator Douglas,called upon Mr. Lincoln, and paid their respects. Themeeting was leas formal perhaps than would be Thecase at the interview with any other delegation, fromthe fact that they were all friends and acquaintancesbefore. The interview between Mr. Lincoln and Mr.Douglas was peculiarly pleasant. At six o'clock Dr. Puleston, Secretary of the PeaceCongress, presented a communication to Mr. Lincolnannouncing that the members of the Congress wereanxious to pay their respects to Mr. Lincoln, and requestingthe latter to name the time when he wouldreceive them. Mr. Lincoln replied that he would receivethem at 9 o'clock. At seven o'clock Mr. Lincoln left his hotel, and proceededin a carriage to the residence of Mr. Sewardwith whom he dined. At ten minutes before nineo'clock Mr. Lincoln returned to his hotel, and was receivedby an enthusiastic crowd, who greeted him asthough he was their father and life. Some were oldmen, and some old and some young ladies. They reflectedthe general feeling, that in Mr. Lincoln reststhe future hope of the government and the Union. Mr. Lincoln passed through die long parlor hallthronged with the elite and fashion of the motionalmetropolis, shaking hands as feat as ha could en hisright and left with ladies and gentlemen, so intenselyinterested that he forgot even to take his hat off, whichwas excused by a looker on, who remarked that it wasnew. and outshined the crowd. elite At 9 o'clock, according to previous arrangementMr. Lincoln received the Peace Congress. The membersformed in procession in the hall where they meatand proceeded to the reception parlor; ex-PresidentTyler, and Gov. Chase, of Ohio, led the van. Thelatter introduced Mr. Tyler. Mr. Lincoln receivehim with all the respect due his position. The seversdelegates were then presented to Mr. Lincoln by Gov.Chase, to the usual manner. WASHINGTON, Feb. 26th. Mr. Lincoln visited theSenate and House this afternoon, to company withMr. Seward. There was considerable, and manyHose. He remained but a few minutes. Mr. Lincolnalso visited the Justices of the Supreme Court intheir consultation rooms. ASHINGTON ATTENMPTS ON THE LIFE OF MR. LINCOLN. Wehave already quoted from the Lafayette (Indiana)Jawed an account of the timely discovery of an onstructionplaced on an Indian railroad, with the evidentdesign of throwing off the special train whichconveyed Mr. Lincoln's party. The Syracuse Journalof Saturday evening has another development of asimilar character. It says:— TTENMPTS IFE R. INCOLN. Jawed Journal "We have been informed be gentlemen connectedwith the party at Mr. Lincoln since he left home forWashington, that there were several attempts to takehis life made during the journey throngs Indiana andOhio. The one which threatened the moat seriousconsequences took plane on she Presidential traintouring Cincinnati, when a grenade of the moat destructivecharacter was discovered in the car occupiedby Mr. Lincoln, his family and personal friends. Itwas found in a small carpet-bag. which had been depositedin a seat of the ear by mm unknown person.Attention was drawn to it from the met that no baggagewas allowed in the can. On examination, thegrenade concealed in the carpetbag was discovered tobe ignited, and so arranged that within fifteen minusesit would hare exploded with a force sufficient to haredemolished the car, and destroyed the Urea of all personsin it. Of course, the 'infernal machine' wasspeedily removed and property disposed of." NEW YORK Feb. 28th. The Times Washingtoncorrespondent says that information has been kid before the proper authorities, that an organized band ofAre hundred men hare sworn that Mr. Lincoln shallnever sleep in the White House. The band will occupya position near Mr. Lincoln, on the inaugurationday. One of them will shoot him with an air-gun,when the crowd around will render detection impossible. EW ORK Times ☞General Scott has received one hundred andthirty letters, from fifteen States, threatening his life,the bulk of which are evidently genuine. 

 The New York Senator has acquired the reputationof a great statesman. We confess to the weaknessof having so regarded him. But since his twospeeches during the present session of Congress, wesee that we were entirely mistaken. Some of his friends hare apologized for his courseon the ground that he is playing a deep game, byoffering a compromise which he knew the Southwould not accept, in order to be able to justify coercivemeasures after the refusal. To say nothingof the want of sincerity in such a course, we haveno faith in its success. If the morality of it is worthyof a Talleyrand, rather than an Americanstatesman, we believe it is a blunder, as well as acrime. Instead of checking secession, it has encouragedit, far more than Buchanan had the power todo. To talk of concession and compromise totraitors, while they shout defiance and wave theirtorches over shotted guns, was as unmanly as it wasunwise. morality blunder checking encouraged But Mr. Seward's speech not only gave newstrength to the seceders—it encouraged that sickening exhibition of doughfaceism which is now disgracingthe people of the North, in Union meetingsand petitions to Congress. We know of nothingmore pitiable than this cringing and crawling ofNorthern men, begging for the privilege of aidingin the extension of slavery, with all its wrongs, andhorrors, and crimes, in order that they may makemoney. To this poor condition has the Republicanparty been prostituted by its leaders. If Mr. Seward had boldly uttered the great doctrineof universal liberty as the guiding star inwhatever emergencies, the people of toe Northwould have followed his lead through the thickestof the fight. A victory in such a contest wouldhave been worth something. But instead of doingthat, he has uttered senseless platitudes, and advisednothing but concession. The light he has held alofthas been an ignis futuus, leading into crooked andtreacherous ways. He has claimed the right to savethe Union, "in his own way," as if be was omnipotent—as if, by his cowardice or treachery, he werenot already a shorn Samson, in the hands of theSouthern Philistines. ignis futuus He has declared that, in the face of the presentdanger, "slavery is no longer a practical question."In the language of the Chicago Tribune— Tribune "Slavery was never so feafully 'practical' as atthis moment. Never before were its demands so insolent,so overhearing, so arrogant, so preposterous;never before has it gone so far in its efforts to destroythe Government. The fact is, there is no other questionnow before the country. That has absorbed oroverriden all others. And are we to be told, withphilosophic indifference, when such is the fact, thatslavery is no longer a practical question? Slaverynot a practical question, when, on its account, halfa dozen States have 'ordained' themselves out of theUnion—not practical, when it is made the basis fortreason, for open hostility to the Government, for seizingthe forts, arsenals, munitions of war, customhouses, sub-treasuries and mints of the United States!Verily, if this does not make it a practical question,when was it such, or when may we expect it to besuch? That Slavery cannot be other than a practical questionuntil those who control it shall have commenced thework of its peaceful and quiet eradication. Until itassumes that position, from the very nature of thingsit must be aggressive and practical. Nothing hassatisfied it, nor wilt anything satisfy it, but the controlof the Government. That is the only troublenow. Had Mr. Breckinridge been elected, slaverywould have been content As Mr. Lincoln was elected,nothing can pacify it save incorporating in thefundamental law the political creed of the Breckinridgeparty. Do that, and Mr. Lincoln, elected accordingto the forms of the Constitution, may takethe office of President and administer the GovernmentFail to do it and the Government shall beoverthrown. For ourselves, we are free to say, thatbetween electing Breckinridge and leaving the Constitutionas it is, or electing Mr. Lincoln and incorporatingBreckinridge's creed into the platform, weshould have infinitely preferred the former; because,with a Constitution favoring freedom, there would bemore hope for the future, even with a pro-slaveryExecutive, than there would be with a slave Constitutionand an anti-slavery President. In the formercase reform might be peacefully obtained; in the latter,it could only be reached through a bloody revolution,And yet there are men, professing to be Republicans,who are for incorporating the Breckinridgeplatform into the Federal Constitution, and who apologizefor their action by saying that slavery is no longera practical question!" —Maine Journal. Maine Journal. 

 MONTGOMERY, Ala. Feb. 21. The Southern Conventionre-assembled this forenoon. ONTGOMERY Mr. Cobb offered the following:— Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructedto inquire into the expediency of levying anexport duty on the cotton exported from the ConfederateStates to any foreign country. Adopted. The President has nominated, and the Congressconfirmed, the following members of the Cabinet:— Secretary of State—Mr. Toombs. Secretary of State Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Memminger. Secretary of the Treasury Secretary of War—Mr. L. Pope Walker. Secretary of War ☞The Natchez (Miss.) Courier says, the news ofDavis appointment as President is received with nomanifestations of pleasure. Regret was the generalsentiment of the citizens. It adds:—" There was nosound of rejoicing here at Natchez, either on accountof the formation of such a Southern Confederacy, orthe appointment of such rulers. The words sprungtoo often from one to another, 'Are we to have noshowing! Are the people to hare no choice? Can aConvention alter Constitutions, impose taxes, appointConstitution makers, inaugurate Presidents! Arethey oligarchs, and are we nothing!' And each citizenhad to confess that there was no reply to thesequestions. We lire under an oligarchy that has notyet dared to trust the people with a say as to its consentRight as the South is upon the great questionat issue, its position has been compromised by theevents of the last two months. The consent of thegoverned is an essential element of government. Thepeople of the Southwest might hare voted for all thathas been done, but their consent has not yet beeneither asked or obtained." Courier 

 DUBLIN, 35 Eccles street, Jan. 26, 1861. UBLIN To the Editor of the Dublin New: To the Editor of the Dublin New: DEAR SIR—There is no question of such deepinterest before the public mind at present as the agitatedcondition of the "United States of America."The threatened separation of these States into twogreat nations—one of them the representative ofthe largest amount of liberty enjoyed by any communityof civilized men; the other, of the lowestcondition of human degradation the world has everbeheld among any people—is a circumstance whichnaturally, nay, necessarily, fixes the attention ofEurope on every present movement of that far—offland. In Ireland, this feeling of deep interest isespecially felt; for there is scarcely a family withinour borders that has not sons or daughters, or othernear and dear friends, whose interests will be seriouslyaffected now and during their future life bythe struggle which now agitates the free and theslave States of that confederacy, hitherto known asthe "United States of America." EAR IR Principles so utterly at variance as freedom andslavery, operating in the Northern and Southernsections of this unnatural coalition, it was impossiblethat any real union could ever have existed betweenthem; and their present agitation is simplythe necessary consequence of an unwise attempt ofthe original founders of the compact, to reconcileprinciples so antagonistic, so that it is more surprisingto thoughtful men that a condition of affairs somuch at variance should have been held together solong, than that these States should new seek toburst asunder those bands which have bound togetherelements so opposite in their nature, andwhich could never come into a state of amicablepartnership The social affinities here are all repellent—there is not a single atom of attractivematter in the entire mass; therefore, the body hasbeen in a state of continual fermentation, which hadno possibility of subsidence. It must fall to pieces,either under the influence of the present eruptionor at no distant day, for there is no power on earthor in heaven which can keep in peace this unholyco-partnership. Sinful compromise brought theparties together; a similar attempt to overthroweverlasting laws of antagonism may, for a while,patch up the present quarrel. I hope, however,that much will not be the result, but that the Northwill quietly permit the South retire from the confederacy,and bear alone the odium of all mankind,beneath which, and the awakened indignation ofher four millions of enslaved brothers and sisters,she must soon retrace her steps, or fall into utter rain. But it was not for the purpose of speculating onthe probabilities of the present agitation in theUnited States of America that I took my pen oncemore to address my countrymen on this most interestingtopic. My object is to bring under theirnotice, and offer for their admiration, the excellentsentiments lately uttered by an intelligent and well-knownIrishman, now a member of the CanadianLegislature—I refer to Thomas D. McGee, Esq.Some friend in Canada has sent me a copy of theMontreal Gazette of December 96th, 1860, in whichI find an address of Mr. McGee; it contains sentimentsthat are an honor to him, and for which, asan Irishman, I offer him my warm thanks. If suchsentiments found a response in the heart of everyIrishman and every Irishwoman in America, different,indeed, would be the estimation in which weshould be held in her Northern States from that inwhich we now stand. Instead of being contemnedas a race, faithless to our own principles of freedom,we should be honored as true-hearted men. But letour past shortcomings suffice, and may our futurenoble conduct make amends for all. Gazette The Irishman, abroad and at home, who does notstand up for liberty for all, for the black man aswell as the white man, is a dishonored man; base asany slave who toils willingly beneath the lash, andevinces no desire (if there be sack a wretch in existence)to burst his chains asunder. Would to Godthere was not such an Irishman, such a man of anyland, on the face of the earth! I take the following extracts from Mr. McGee'saddress to the "St. Patrick's Literary Association's"and I commend them to the patriotism and themanly feelings of my countrymen. We shall nevergain the respect of mankind, and what is betterstill, the respect of our own hearts, until we makethe everlasting principles of justice and truth therule and practice of our lives. Speaking of the Anti-Slavery movement, and ofsome noble American friends of it, Mr. McGee says: "Citizens of Irish birth, like all others, ought thento have given it, at least, a fair hearing. The Irishshould have been, from their antecedents, among thefirst to feel for the woes of the oppressed, and to desirethat the bondsman might be set free. . . . .I intend to appeal—I think in the interests of our commonreputation I am entitled to appeal to the Irish inthe United States, in the name of their original countrymen,in Canada, that they will not by any artfulinstigation of ancient animosities—that they will not,out of any supposed antagonism to English diplomacyin America, suffer themselves to be enlisted with theforlorn hope of human slavery in the Northern States.Ship-owners, manufacturers and merchants of Boston,New York and Philadelphia will invite them as workingmen and as Irishmen, to sustain what they call their'conservative'—that is, their selfish pecuniary principles,by their numerical strength and ardent enthusiasm.They may be deluded into taking that position; theymay, under a falsely interpreted sense of duty to theConstitution, become the active instruments of thelast pro-slavery struggle; but let them take it fromme, frankly and while it is yet time, they will fail, andtheir leaders will fail. Not all the sophistry of theadvocates, not all the money of the merchants, canever again bury the wrongs of the enslaved out ofsight, on this continent. There is a black cloud overthe South, from the Susquehanna to the Rio Grande,and it will not pass away till four million hands, fromwhich the manacles have been knocked off, are raisedin prayer to their Father in Heaven, to pardon theoppressions of the past, for the sake of the tardy justicewhich at length has been done to them. (Applause.)Twice, within a few years, I have had causeto hang my head is shame for Irish honor in America.Once, when a brilliant and honest writer, but whosesanity is very uncertain, Mr. Mitchel, publicly advocatedthe re-opening by the South of that traffic—accursedof God and man—the African Slave-trade.The second time was recently, on reading the vigorousspeech of Mr. Charles O'Conor, at the Unionmeeting in New York, where that gentleman laiddown the extraordinary proposition, that 'politicalparties should never be divided upon moral questions.'If Mr. O'Conor withdraws every ethical foundationfrom politics and parties, I should like to know uponwhat other foundation will he plant them 1 If he disarmshis politics and his party of all moral force, howcan he longer speak of 'the duty' of the citizen to theConstitution he has 'sworn' to uphold s What, indeed,becomes of oaths and duties, if morals and politicsare to be divided by so great a gulf? There wasnot an intelligent Pagan in the ancient world, twothousand years ago, who would not have rejected withhorror this maxim which was welcomed, we are told,with 'applause.' by many of the most intelligent citizensof New York! For my own part, I feel thatsame Irish voice should utterly repudiate it, and I doso as heartily as I repudiate the other iniquitous notion,of the re-opening of the African slave-trade.(Renewed applause.)" Referring to what he considers the not unnaturalanxieties of Irishmen in America to preserve a unionwhich, in my mind, he thinks too highly of, he yetkeeps his countrymen to the point of honest principlewhen he says:— "Such a prospect is quite enough to make rationalmen bear and forbear many things; but on the otherhand arises, in all consciences, this previous question,Are we to commit actual wrong, lest we suffer prospectiveevil! re we to prove ourselves more inhospitableto the fugitive within our gate, than the Araband the Tartar! Are we to betray the Edomite,though he be our brother—are we to forget that wealso were strangers in the land of Egypt! Are we tolearn the anathema even of the Mohammedan, whoseKoran proclaims—'Cursed be he that betrays hisguest, or that shutteth his door upon the son of theroad'? (Applause.) These questions will clamor foranswers in every man's breast, and they can be answeredby Christian men only in one way; I trust—Isincerely trust—a war may be found by the far-seeingfreemen of the North, of all origins, to answer themwith safe consciences, and still to preserve to the continentthe inestimable blessings of the Federal Constitution. (Applause.)" After alluding, in feeling and true-hearted terms,to the ease of the escaped stove, John Anderson, heconcludes with these noble words:— "I cannot conclude the observations I have offeredyou on this subject, without sending forth in my ownname, in your name, and the name at all the Irish inCanada, to our brethren in the United States, our fraternalprayer and petition, that they will not—for thehonor of the common fatherland, dear to us all—thatthey will not, as countrymen of those areas orators ofIreland, who, from Barks to O'Conneti. were swornfoes of human slavery, in every otime and under everypretext—that they will not, far their own sake, far oursake, for Ireland's sake, suffer themselves to he enlistedin this last struggle, among the forlorn hope ofthe pro-slavery or philo-slavery parry, in the neighboringrepublic. (Enthusiastic, applause.)" Countrymen, turn over a new leaf, stand up manfullyfor the honor of Old Ireland, be faithful infuture and for evermore, in Jesuits of every opposingconsideration, to your own consciences, to youroppressed fellow creatures, and to the great Godwho created yon, Every other road leads to ruinand dishonor. I remain, your countryman and friend, JAMES HAUGHTON. 

 RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 21. The Virginia StateConvention reassembled to-day. ICHMOND Mr. Woods, of Barbour, offered resolutions declaringthat the allegiance the citizens of Virginia owe tothe General Government is subordinate to that whichis due to Virginia, and may be lawfully withdrawnwhenever Virginia deems it her duty to do so; thatin case Virginia should exercise this authority, hercitizens will be bound to render allegiance to her alone;that Virginia recognizes no power of any government,State or Federal, to coerce her to allegiance tothe United States after she shall hare withdrawn fromthe Union; that she will regard any attempt at coercionas equivalent to a declaration of war, to be resisted atevery hazard, and to the last extremity; that sevenStates having withdrawn the allegiance of their peoplefrom the United States of America, a faithful andearnest desire to avert the horrors of civil war and theconservative sentiment of the country alike indicateto the government the necessity and policy of acknowledgingtheir independence. Referred to the Committee on Federal Relations.The resolutions were received with favorable manifestationsby the Convention. Adjourned till Saturday. 

 We published (says the Herald of Progress) severalremarkable predictions a number of weeks beforethe fall elections. At the time, the extravagantstatements wore very generally disregarded. Since,however, many of the prophecies have been literallyfulfilled. and the public are naturally curious to remandthem, and to compare prediction with facts.We republish, in order to meet the large demand;— Herald of Progress CHAGRIN FALLS, Ohio Sept. 20, 1860. HAGRIN ALLS BROTHER DAVIS,—After three successive lecturesin this place, discussing the laws and principlesof growth and development, the following prophecieswere expressed. They were made in the fourthlecture:— ROTHER AVIS prophecies 1. "There will be a dissolution of the Union. 2. "A Free Republic will grow up at the North. There will be civil war carried on by the rabble andlower classes among the masses. The Republicancandidate will get the popular vote, but will not beinaugurated. There will be two great parties organized. 3. "The 'Liberals' in politics and religion willunite on the one side, and the Catholics, Democrats,and all conservative men and women, on the otherside. 4. "Slavery will be abolished by revolution, insurrectionamong the slaves, war, and blood. 5. "Next winter, Congress will get in a broil.They will fight. Blood will flow. 6. "My consciousness in, that this Nation will bedead as a Nation before the 4th of March next. this Nation will bedead as a Nation before the 4th of March next. 7. "Almost simultaneous with the close of theNovember election, will be an other crash among thebanks, similar to the one of 1857. will be an other crash among thebanks, similar to the one of 8. "By and by we will have great diseases, andnew forms of disease, unknown to physicians. 9. "We will have war, famine, political commotion,and earthquakes, and hurricanes. 10. "Healing mediums will be developed to caredisease. 11. "England is to be harassed by France, andRussia will assist France; and when England iscrushed as a nation, America will aid her. 12. "We will have no more Presidents—the presentone ill not serve his time out. We will have no more Presidents—the presentone ill not serve his time out. 13. "Canada will enter the new Republic in America. Canada will enter the new Republic America. 14. "Ohio will be the centre of that Republic,and Cleveland will be the capital. 15. "Our present Constitution will be the basis ofthe new Republican government, but will be remodeled. Our present Constitution will be the basis ofthe new Republican government, but will be remodeled. 16. "After the transition is passed, Theocracywill be the true form of government. 17. "Ultimately the Southern States will graduallycome into the new government. 18. "The Negroes will ultimately be colonizedin Central America. The Negroes will ultimately be colonized Central America. 19. "In the transitional, or Republican government,women will take an active part; but in themore perfect form of government, or Theocracy, themale and female elements will be equally balanced." Such are the prophecies of the lecturer. To saythat I Know they are true, or to call them all "moonshine"and "fanaticism," would be equally unjustThe most casual observer cannot but conclude, thatwe are on the eve of great orises both in Church andState. The thrones of the old world are totteringon their foundations—are swayed to and fro by thebreezes of Liberty, that blow from off the broadplains of humanity. Know The Christian world is divided into more than sixhundred contending parties, and in the midst of allthese, the powerful and increasing army of "Liberals"is marshaling the best minds of the age. Our own government, during the present campaign,is split into fine fragments; and the greatquestion of human slavery is rending the Nation tothe very centre. It is totally impossible for slaveryand liberty to perpetuate a parallel existence, henceone or the other must succumb. Disruptions in thestrata of human nature, therefore, may not be apprehendedin vain. I am exceedingly skeptical inregard to prophecies of any character, but submitthe foregoing, as they were uttered, thinking theymay arouse the latent energies of human thought,and cause men to labor more zealously for the estabmentof human rights. Thine, for the Truth, H.B. VINCENT. 

 SEIZURE OF A NEW YORK BRIG.—The brig Wm.R. Kibby, 190 tons cleared from New York on the28th ult., for Savannah, with a cargo of coal for ballast,intending to load thence with a cargo of rice forNew Orleans. The owners in this city, Messrs. J. &N. Smith 4 Co., received a telegram from their Savannahagents this morning, which reads as follows:"Your brig is seized by order of the Governor." Itis probable that the seizure is in retaliation for the detentionof arms, &C., by the police authorities of thiscity. EIZURE EW ORK RIG. Since writing the above, the master of the bark Adjustis recently arrived at Savannah from this port hashas telegraphed to his agents here Messrs. Lunch &Meincke as follows:— SAVANNAH, Feb. 8, 1861. AVANNAH My vessel is seized by order of the Governor ofGeorgia, on account of arms detained in New York. CHAS.A. KNELL. RESRIAURE OF VESSELS AT SAVANNAH. Messrs.Lunch & Meincke, the agents of the Bremen BarkAdjuster, received a telegram on Friday, announcingthe second seizure of that vessel by authority of theGovernor of Georgia, In consequence of the refusal ofPolice Superintendent Kennedy to surrender the armsdetained by him in this city. The Adjuster has ninehundred bales of cotton on board, belonging ton. Britishsubject, and the owner left for Washington on Friday,to lay the matter before Lord Lyons. The captainof the resale had entered his protest against theseizure.—.N.Y. Journal of Commerce. ESRIAURE ESSELS AVANNAH. N.Y. Journal of Commerce. SAVANNAH Feb. 22. AVANNAH MORE RESTALIATION—SEIZURE OF NEW YORKVESSELS AT SAVANNAH. GOV. Brown seized yesterdaythe ship Martha J. Ward, bark Adjuster, andbrig Harold, all belonging to citizens of new York.They will be detained until the arms are delivered upby the State of New York. ORE ESTALIATION EIZURE EW ORK ESSELS AVANNAH. OV. 

 There is no sight so lamentable and so calculated toawaken pity, as that of a once prominent and talentedman utterly prostrated and broken down either by unavoidablemisfortunes, or by the calamitous result ofhis own misconduct. When one witnesses such a spectacle, all bitternessand hatred are forgotten, and he sincerely begins topity, and wish it were otherwise. A condition similar to this of which we have spoken,is now shared by Booth, who is suffering the penaltyof the law for his own rashness, in the county jail ofthis city. We are informed that he is completelybroken down, to all appearance, and he certainly mostbe if there is a spark of the human left in his composition.For to be confined in a contracted county jail,and made to room with thieves, burglars, gin andwhisky wrecks, and the miserable scullion that arewont to fill a jail in a large city, (as is the case withBooth,) cannot but gall the soul of one possessed of thetalent and education he has had, so as to fairly drivehim to madness. He had a superior education at Yale Collage, and atone time was regarded as one of the most talentedmen in the State. Now, he is made to herd with thevilest of the vile in the county jail, during the day,and at night is confined in a cell the same as his followprisoners. We are informed that those who formerlyknew him. would hardly recognize him now, sochanged is his appearance. His eyes and cheeks aresadly sunken, his clothes fool the want of a tailor orsearnstress, and he has all the appearance of a manwho might almost as well be dead as alive. At the same time, it cannot be denied that he hasbrought all this upon himself. He who violates thelaws of his country or society must expect to sufferthe bitter consequences. And yet he could have obtainedhis freedom long since, but for what seems tous to be a mistaken pride and a dogged obstinacy.Still oven the most imperious sticklers for the low cannotbut pity him now, and acknowledge that the irondignity or the law has been folly vindicated. His offence the been more than stoned for by its suffering,and it certainly would be an act of humanity was henow set at liberty. We clip the above from the Milwaukee Wisconsin,and we feel some what surprised, that a paper whichhas before time expressed hostility to American slavery,should regard so complacently the judicialtyranny that has boon imposed on a man whose onlyoffence was loving freedom to well, and manfullyhelping another to obtain that God-given right, ofwhich he had been so unjustly robbed. In this,Sharman M. Booth violated an enactment which tenyears ago filled the whole civilized world with horror—a law declared unconstitutional by the highesttribunal in the very State where the offence wascommitted. When human conduct is measured bythe morality of the royal law, as expounded by Jesusof Nazareth in his sermon on the mount, and man'ssense of right and justice is no longer warped by thebaleful shadow which now hangs over us, the offencecommitted by Sherman M. Booth will be commendedby the press of America, as it is now by the pressof all Christendom besides. This case most forciblyillustrates the maxim that "there is no greater iniquitythan that which is committed under the nameof law."—Grand Haven Clarion. Wisconsin  Grand Haven Clarion. 

 ATTEMEPT TO ASSASSINATE A MEMBER OF CONVENTION.On Thursday evening an attempt was madeto assassinate Mr. Van Wyck, M. C, from the 10thDistrict of New York, as he was on Capitol Hill. Parleytelegraphs that a man struck him with a bowieknife, which penetrated his clothing, the murderousinstrument being arrested by a thick memorandumbook in his breast pocket Mr. Van Wyck knockedhis assailant down, when a second assassin struck athim with a knife, wounding his left hand, with whichhe warded off the blow. Mr. Van Wyck struck hissecond assailant, and drew a revolver and Bred at thefirst assassin, when a third man failed him with a slungshot. When he recovered, he saw two men leading athird, evidently crippled. Mr. Van Wyck was in bed,but he gave a dear statement of the dastardly outrage. TTEMEPT SSASSINATE EMBER ONVENTION. 

 Extract from a pamphlet, characterized by muchforce of reasoning, entitled 'SECESSION, CONCESSION,ON SELF-POSSESSION—WHICH?' by Rev. JamesFreeman Clarke, published by Walker, Wise &Co. ECESSION ONCESSION,ON ELF OSSESSION HICH What ought the North to concede? What ought the North to concede? The answer is simple. To preserve the Union,we ought to concede any thing but that which theUnion is intended to secure. The Union is a means,not an end. We must not sacrifice the end to themeans. The end of the Union is to secure prosperity,peace, justice, equal rights, and liberty. It isevident, therefore, that these are not to be sacrificed,even to preserve the Union. We must not surrenderany of the principles which are at the foundationof the State, and on which the Union itself wasbuilt, even to preserve the Union. Compromises aregood when they surrender what is expedient only,giving up a part of a good thing to save the rest;but not good when they surrender justice and right. The Union is a means to an end. Give up theend in order to preserve the means, and both becomeworthless; but if you preserve the end, thoughyou lose the means, then other means may be foundto take their place. Suppose the Union is dissolved.It is a great evil, no doubt. But is it irreparable?Is it impossible to do in 1860 that which was done in1787? Were the people so much better and wiserin those days than they are now? or did the framersof the Constitution enjoy some special divine inspirationwhich we have not? Have we no longer trustin a Divine Providence which will guide us to-dayas it guided our fathers then? we For no light or common cause should we surrenderthe Union; but for no light cause will it be surrendered.The danger is not that way, as far as thepeople of the Free States are concerned. All historyshows that people will bear almost any thing,and concede almost every thing, before they willconsent to any great change in their institutions.This is as true now as when it was asserted in theDeclaration of Independence, that "all experiencehas shown that mankind are more disposed to sufferwhile evils are sufferable, than to right themselvesby abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed."The danger often is, that, from fear of change,we shall concede what we ought not to concede, andso throw upon our posterity the duty of making thechange when it has become still more difficult. Men talk about the Union and our present Constitutionas though they were arrived at by somehappy accident or some secular conjunction of theplanets, which could happen only once in a thousandyears. But the Constitution was then adopted, andthe Union formed, because they corresponded to theopinions and wishes of the people. For the samereason, they have continued. The same kind of constitutions,and forms of government, as good as ours,have been adopted by Mexico and by the SouthAmerican States; but, not corresponding to thecharacter of the people, they have been useless andinefficient. The convictions of the people of SouthCarolina and Georgia, in regard to liberty and slavery,have wholly changed since the Union wasformed and the Constitution adopted. They do notnow believe in democratic and republican institutions:hence they wish to separate. When they do,they will immediately attempt to establish some consolidatedsystem, some kind of despotism. The substanceof democracy will be immediately relinquished,and its forms will speedily follow. But the peopleof the North still believe firmly in republican principles: consequently, if the present form of governmentshould be dissolved, another of the same kindwill very soon replace it. It is emphatically true in this case, that, wherethere's a will, there's a way. While we believe inthe end, there will be no difficulty about the means.While we cherish faith in justice, humanity, andfreedom, so long as we believe in the principles ofdemocracy and in true republicanism, so long weshall be able to organize these principles in suitableinstitutions. Spenser says truly, that— "Of the soul the body form doth take;For soul is form, and doth the body make."  We must not therefore, sacrifice the soul of ourinstitutions for the sake of preserving the body; forwe should in that case have only a dead body, soonto be dissolved. The moral of this is, that those who undertake tosave the Union by surrendering any principles ofliberty or of justice are unsound and dangerous men,unfit to be trusted with any influence in our affairs.They are men who see the value of methods, but notthe superior value of principles. They foolishly supposethat the body of a nation makes its soul, notknowing that the soul makes the body. They valueforms more than substance, means more than ends.Their counsels have already brought us, step by step,to the verge of dissolution. To save the Union,they have always been ready to surrender everything which gave the Union value. By their advice,and to save the Union, we consented to the annexationof Texas, to the Mexican War, to surrender theWilmot Proviso, to pass the Fugitive Slave Law, torepeal the Missouri Compromise; and now they adviseus to surrender every remaining barrier of freedomagainst the encroachments of slavery. What can the North concede for the sake of union? All sorts of concessions are proposed. We are invitedto repeal all our laws which were enacted inorder to secure the personal liberty of our citizens;to allow the whole immense territory of the UnitedStates to be made slave territory; to divide it betweenslavery and freedom; to forbid the discussionof slavery in the free States. And especially weare invited, above all things else, and as the most essential thing of all, to change our fundamental opinionson the right and wrong of slavery. We areasked to believe that it is right, and not wrong. Now, it is evident, that, with the best dispositionsin the world, we are positively unable to do some ofthese things. Every free State in the Union hasjust voted—most of them by immense majorities—that slavery ought to be excluded by law from theTerritories. This vote did not proceed from impulse,but resulted from deliberate conviction. The wholequestion had been argued and re-argued; and theNorthern mind at last settled in this deliberate convictionof duty. Even if every slave State shouldsecede in consequence, the masses, which have gradually consolidated in the great Republican party, aredetermined not to surrender this principle. Convictionsare not to be changed by threats. A few, whoconsider themselves as leaders of the Republicans,but who really never belonged to them, may giveway; but they will merely thereby cease to be leaden,and fall in the rear. But the masses of greatparties are logical and consistent: they move steadilyforward in the direction of their ideas. WhateverRepublican leader consents to compromise aRepublican principle for the sake of peace or union,at once disappears from all leadership in the party.Sack will probably be the fate of very many Northernmen, who will follow the footsteps of Messrs.Everett, Winthrop, Hillard, and others, into privatelife. This is inevitable. The Republican party is firmly convinced, thatthe only safety for the country is to be found in repressingslavery by all constitutional means. It hasa constitutional right to repress it in the Territories.It will not touch it in the States; but it will not failto exclude it from the Territories. Any Republicanwho consents to admit slavery into a single acre ofterritory belonging to the Union ceases to be a Republican. All talk, therefore, of reviving the Missouri Compromiseline, and all schemes of the sort, are idle,The people have lost their faith in compromises.There is an upper and a nether mill-stone of principle,between which all such compromises will beground to powder. The upper mill-stone is the conviction,that slavery is a wrong and an evil, andought to be abolished wherever we have the powerto do so: the lower mill-stone is the conviction, thatslavery is right and good, and ought to be extended.Between these two principles there can be no compromise,but only irrepressible conflict. There is alarge body, no doubt, of well-meaning but illogicalmen, who do not perceive it. They have no clear convictionon the subject. They do not know whetherslavery is right or wrong, good or bad. They thinkit is rather good, and rather bad; right here, andwrong there. They call themselves practical people,and think that they an choosing the golden mean,the safe middle way: and so they say peace, wherethere is no peace; they daub the wall with untemperedmortar, pat new wise into old bottles, newcloth into an old garment, try to serve two masters;and so loss, at last, all efficiency, and float helplessly,like driftwood, on any current. There are some question which cannot be postponedfor ever. They nut at last be decided.From time to time, there comes a day of judgmentto nations at to men, when the axe is laid at the rootof the tree. Apparently, that time has come withus in regard to slavery, when the issue must be metand the question settled. The money-market mayrefuse to see it; but the day of judgment is at hand.It comes, as it always comes, like a thief in the night,taking us wholly by surprise. It finds the foolishvirgins with no oil in their lamps; incapable, therefore,of giving us any light But there are thosewho hare long been expecting this crisis, and whoare not taken unprepared; watchmen who have seenthe sword coming, and have given the people warning;Cassandras, indeed, whose predictions have beenalways disbelieved, but have spoken their word,whether men would hear or forbear. They haveknown well that this question must at last be decided.Often have they implored the people to decide it,when it was easier than it is now: but now the timehas come when the people themselves feel that anyfurther postponement is impossible; that the issuemust be met, and met now. 

 A SEVERE CRITICISM. The following severe animadversionon President Buchanan is an extract froma private letter, from an Englishman of the highestpolitical standing, whose views on American affairshare probably more weight and influence than those ofany other man in England. The letter is dated London,January 25th:— EVERE RITICISM. "My indignation, sufficiently strong from the first,has been carried beyond measure by the President'smessage to the Senate, which appears in this day'spaper. A more cowardly, illogical and dishonest documentnever appeared with the name of any man callinghimself a statesman. The only parallel is PontiusPilate, washing his hands of the affair, and leavingboth action and responsibility to whoever chose to takethem. Conceive a man with almost unlimited powers(for your President is a dictator, with far greater powerthan any constitutional sovereign,) sitting down withhis hands before bin in the boor of his country'sagony, and saying, ' It is not my business' He oughtto be whipt down the steps of the great home atWashington." 

 Extract from a very able Review of Rev. Henry J.Van Dyke's Discourse on ' The Character and Influenceof Abolitionism,' by Rev. J.R.W. Sloane:— We come now to the New Testament. We confessour astonishment that he did not shrink backaffrighted at the monstrous character of his assertionsand inferences. Slavery be affirms was just ascommon in Judea in the time of Christ as to-day inSouth Carolina! That Christ was familiar with thelaws of Roman slavery! That no man, having anypretensions to scholarship or candor, would allegethat these laws were as mild as the very worst statutesof the slave codes of modern times! That theSavior was acquainted with the law that gave themaster the power of life and death over his slave,and with all the vast abuses of the system, and that,nevertheless, there is no rebuke or denunciation ofthe system! That while all other sins are freely andfully condemned, this is never mentioned but interms of the utmost respect! Of course, there isbut one inference—lie approved. Christ then approveda system that gave the master the right toput his slave to death at his pleasure, a system nevermatched in atrocity except by that prevailing amongus, one which the writers of that age mention onlyto excite abhorrence of a period that could enduresuch wickedness, one which has called forth the mostindignant bursts of condemnation from all modernwriters who have treated of that epoch, and whichmore than any other cause, perhaps more than allother causes, contributed to the overthrow of theproud fabric of the Roman Empire. It remained forthe Christian ministry of this land to find this lowestdeep of moral perversion, and to baptize this horrorof the centuries with the sanction of Jesus Christ! worst It is not difficult to detect the monstrous fallacy ofthe position. The assumption that slavery existedat that time in Judea is wholly gratuitous; the statementis without the shadow of proof; on the contrary,forbidden as it was to Israel, there is everyreason to conclude that it did not exist there in anyform or degree, and that Christ did not come in contactwith a slave during the course of his ministry.Will Mr. Van Dyke tell us what sort of slavery thiswas which Christ did not reprove? Roman slavery,be says. What then had become of Hebrew servitudeWhen did it disappear? When did theother atrocious system take its place in Judea? Butwho does not see the fallacy of the attempt to sanction,from the silence of Christ in the New Testament,a system not only so opposed to all principlesof natural justice, but so directly in the face of thosetremendous denunciations against oppression in theOld Testament? The sect of the Essenes existedin the time of Christ, Yet they are not even mentioned;no allusion to that even by him or his apostles—except very obscure references to this sect beallowed in one or two passages. Are we, therefore,to conclude that Christ approved of their perversionsof the Scriptures, and their denial of the doctrine ofthe resurrection? Christ docs not mention idolatry;did he therefore approve of idol worship? He doesnot once mention or allude to the gladiatorial combats;are they, therefore, a divine institution? Butthe apostles spoke of these things, says an objector.They spoke nothing of the Essenes, or, at any rate,obscurely, and, if any filing, respectfully; so of thegladiatorial contests. They spoke also of slavery.The law, Paul reminds Timothy, was made for manstealers,an advice not unnecessary in some quartersat the present time; at any rate, nothing could bemore delightful than a discourse from Mr. Van Dykeupon that declaration. Fancy now this reverendapologist for slavery attempting an argument withsome distinguished champion of "the ring;" he commencesby calling prize-fighting unnatural, cruel,brutal, wicked, or by whatever other epithet he mayfind most expressive of his abhorrence and detestationof such brutality. Stop a moment, if you please,says the gladiator, "I am no heathen philosopher,groping my way by the feeble glimmerings of thefight of nature, no modern infidel appealing to thecorrupt and fickle tribunal of human reason; I plantmyself upon the Inspired Word; my motto is, 'Tothe law and to the testimony.' Where in the NewTestament, either by Christ or his apostles, is mycalling forbidden? "While Mr. Van Dyke is thinkingup his passages, our champion turns upon him,"Every body knows, sir, that it is no sin to knock aman down under certain circumstances; as to itscruelties, they are nothing compared to what occurssometimes in families; there is, sir, as you have stated,a child in an orphan asylum in Brooklyn, who wasthrown by its father into the fire, and almost roastedto death; better save your 'tears and shrieks' forchildren, and leave men to take care of themselves.So far from being inhuman, as you represent it, weare the very best of friends; besides, the Scripturesalways speak of it in terms most respectful; youdon't consider yourself better than the Apostle Paul,do you, Mr. Van Dyke V Hear what he says: 'Sofight I, not as one that beateth the air.' 'I keep mybody under'—a clear reference to our abstemioushabits, when preparing for the combat. More thanthis, sir, he compares the heavenly assembly to therespectable company which assemble to witness ourmanly sport: 'Therefore, seeing we also are compassedabout with so great a cloud of witnesses.'These things, too, were spoken in the time of theRoman games, much more brutal than ours, as everyscholar and man of candor must admit, before theameliorating influences of the Gospel had producedso marked a change upon our pursuit!" Where isthe Rev. Apologist in such an argument? manstealers But, then, was Christ silent? I answer mostpositively that he was not. All things which he saidare not recorded, for the simple reason that the worldwould not contain the books; but, did he not constantlyappeal to the Old Testament Scriptures?Are we, in order to please a few contemptible slaveholders,to suppose that he omitted those passageswhich denounce oppression? And if those passagesdid not condemn Roman slavery, for what purposewere they written? What is oppression if slaveryis not? But, again: the great principles of histeachings are diametrically opposed to ail such inequalities;and, were men to practice them, Americanslavery would terminate before to-morrow's sun shallsink in the west "Thou shah love thy neighbor asthyself," words quoted almost literally from theMosaic law, with reference to men of another race;one of those two commandments upon which hangall the law and the prophets. Does the slaveholderlove his neighbor as himself? Can the toiling slaveobey this divine command? I am sure I could notwere I in his place, and my neighbor interpreted tomean my master or overseer. Christ's first sermonwas an abolition discourse, from an incendiary publicationcalled the Prophecy of Isaiah, an anti-slaverybook of the Old Testament The text which heselected was this memorable passage, "The Spirit ofthe Lord God is upon me, because be hath anointedme to preach the Gospel to the poor, to heal thebroken-hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives,and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at libertythem that are bruised." "Therefore, whatsoever yewould that men should do to yon, do ye even so tothem, for this is the law and the prophets."Butwhat is the great sun of Christ's teaching? Love,to man and to God. What the great end, but to fillthe earth with love and peace? As far as the eastis distant from the west as far as light is from darkness,as heaven from belt, so far are the teachings ofthe divine Savior of the world from any affiancewith this dark and bloody despotism. deliverance to the captives to set at libertythem that are bruised. 

 COLORED PESSONS IN RALROAD CARD. In Philadelphia,recently, the question at the right of a ensuredperson to ride in passenger cars received another decisionfrom Judge Hare in the District Court. A coloredman, named Goines, brought an action againstMr. McCandless, a conductor on the hone ears, torecover damages for injuries sustained in being ejectedfrom a car. A verdict was taken by agreement,subject to the decision of the court on the law of points,and the judge hold that the company had a right tomake a rule in reference to passengers to be carried,and as Mr. McCandless acted under instructions andrules, the judgment was entered for the defendant. OLORED ESSONS ALROAD ARD. ☞How odious mast be that colorphobia whichreverses was order of nature, and changes a Here intoa bloodhound. and a city of "Brotherly Lore" intoone o foolish hate! Here ☞ The resolutions of the Anti-Slavery Society,which we published this week are impregnable in position,unexceptionable in tone, and peculiarly pertinentto the time. This is a good reason why everynewspaper in the land should lay them before itsreaders. When our liberties are in danger, the recurrenceto first principles by the people may savethe country. With such a reminder as these resolutions,how can any man among us consent to a compromisewith slavery!—East Boston Ledger. East Boston Ledger. 

 The letter from this gentleman, which occupies alarge portion of our last page, would have been publishedmore promptly, if our columns had not beencrowded with other matter. If we had declined insertingit, however, we should have felt justified indoing so; for it is no answer to the denial we made,but simply a repetition of the same unsupported allegationsmade in his discourse, only in still more objectionablelanguage. We do not feel called upon, therefore,to enter upon an elaborate review of this letter,as it would be little better than beating the air. Butwe will bestow upon it a comments. What are the facts in the case? In the course of areally able and eloquent discourse delivered by Mr.Haven on "The Cause and the Consequence of theElection of Abraham Lincoln," he undertook to givea bird's-eye view of the rise and progress of the Anti-Slaverystruggle; but while referring to us in commendatoryterms for its origination, he could not refrainfrom an invidious personal impeachment of ourreligious character, as follows:— "Would that, in his sphere of effort, and to themeasure of his large abilities and influences, he hadkept this liberty from becoming licentiousness! Wouldthat he, like Wilberforce, had kept his heart sweet withprayer and piety through the whole of this great war!" like Wilberforce In reply to this, we said— "How are such disparaging accusations and invidiouscomparisons to be met? Where all is vague,nothing of course is tangible. In what does our 'licentiousness'consist? Who have advocated a morefaithful adherence to principle, or a more uncompromisingregard for the laws and commands of God,than ourselves? When or where have we playedfast-and-loose with the claims of humanity or the demandsof justice? When has ours been a whiffingstandard? Or when have we been beguiled from thepath of duty, or allowed others to stray therefrom, onthe ground of expediency or worldly policy? Impeachedin this sweeping manner, we have a right tocall for explicit answers to these questions." Now let the reader turn to the verbose rejoinder ofMr. Haven, and find, if he can, any attempt to give"explicit answers to these questions"—for we cannot.In the above extract from his sermon, his assumptionof religious superiority is as offensive as his referenceto Wilberforce is uncalled for. We beg leave, veryrespectfully, to doubt the infallibility of Mr. Havenand Mr. Wilberforce alike; and we deny that theadoption of their peculiar theological opinions is at allnecessary to escape from "licentiousness" on the onehand, or to maintain the integrity and vitality of theAnti-Slavery cause on the other. It was not becauseof his "evangelical" views that Wilberforce so noblyexerted himself for the abolition of the slave trade,but on account of his large humanity and strong senseof justice. Nor was it till he espoused the cause ofthe despised negro that he found a cross, or manifestedany moral heroism whatever; and for this he will begratefully remembered by posterity,—not for acceptingand repeating mere speculative religions tenets whichwere then every where accepted in Church and State,and therefore sure to secure for him a wide but cheappopularity. If Mr. Haven is disposed to endorse theentire creed of Wilberforce, we have no complaint tomake. But we beg leave to ask, with no wish towould his feelings, whether it was not a most irrelevantand impertinent act, on his part, in the delivery ofan anti-slavery discourse, to cast an imputation upon ourreligious character, and to call us to account as aheretic, and a supporter of heresy? Aside from thequestion of abolitionism, we have no objection to hisexposing and lamenting any of our heresies; but everything in its place, and in order. The Anti-Slaverycause belongs not to Methodists, or Baptists, or Presbyterians,or to any particular sect, but to ALL MANKIND,whatever their theological diversities of opinion.It is based upon the constitution of man, and not upona religious creed. In alluding to our connection withit, therefore, it was competent for Mr. Haven to show,if he could, when or where we had faltered in its supportthrough fear of persecution or for selfish ends,and to rebuke us accordingly. Beyond this he had noright to go—it was "traveling out of the record,"and raising a false and an impertinent issue; nor wouldbe have done so, we are constrained to believe, ifthe priest had not mastery over the man, and hisdogmatic theology a higher place in his estimationthan the cause of bleeding humanity. Buthe does not pretend that we have not faithfullyadhered to the slave, against tremendous odds, andunder the most trying circumstances. Why, then,seek to make our example ineffective in this particular,and to prevent general unity of felling and actionfor the deliverance of the fettered bondman, by excitingsectarian animosity against us? Cannot Mr.Haven understand that our conscientious convictions,touching certain religious ideas, are as dear to us ashis can be to himself; that our fallibility is matchedby his own; and that we are not farther removedfrom him than he is from us? But when, in noticinganything that may have fallen from his lip or pen, orfrom the lip or pen of any other person, on the subjectof slavery, have we gone out of our way to lament thathe did not see eye to eye with us on other matters?When have we not welcomed him to the Anti-Slaveryplatform, or to equal membership, in the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society? Never! How is it, or why isit, then, that whenever he alludes to our labors in behalfof "the suffering and the dumb" in our land, hemust accompany it with a disparaging assault uponour theological vies? And so of the clergy generally.Certainly, it is not t6he result of "remembering thosein bonds as bound with them," but arises from a verydifferent source. It belongs to the cloth, but not to humanity.We pronounce it out of place, and the offspringof papal arrogance. It is this spirit which haskept thousands and millions at the North from "minglinginto one, like kindred drops," for the abolition ofour great national iniquity, and, by thus exciting religiousprejudice (the hardest to be vanquished)against the faithful few who have dared to be true tothe slave, without regard to sect or party, has mightilyhelped to strengthen the hands and further the designsof the oppressor. "Stand by—I am holier thanthou," has done more to advance the kingdom ofdarkness in the world than any other trait of character. these questions" in the delivery ofan anti-slavery discourse on the subjectof slavery And so of the clergy generally. It belongs to the cloth But, leaving this, we turn to another point. In thesermon of Mr. Haven, already referred to, he says— "Let by his love of free speech, he (Garrison) permittedsome of his leading associates to burden the'animosus infans' with gross infidelities and social absurdities." animosus infans To this we replied— "We deny the charge, and call for the evidence. Noneof our 'leading associates' have sought to do any suchthing. They have advocated the anti-slavery causewith all fidelity upon its own merits, and have notsought to burden it with any extraneous question.Nor is it for us to 'permit' them to do either this orthat, as one in authority: they are of age, and speakfor themselves. When Mr. Haven will point out the'gross infidelities and social absurdities' to which he refers,we will give them our gravest consideration. Tillthen, the imputation is a stab in the dark." We deny the charge, and call for the evidence. When Mr. Haven will point out the'gross infidelities and social absurdities' to which he refers,we will give them our gravest consideration. The denial is explicit—how is it met! By a particleof evidences! No. Only by reiterating the same libelouscharges! Read his letter, and sea. He coollysays:— Only by reiterating the same libelouscharges "You ask for proofs. Many names and facts arisein my mind, but the utterance of them would onlylead me into a painful and profitless controversy. Inthe very paper in which this demand is made, is acommunication from one of these "leading associates,"who has uttered in many meetings of your Society,and in the columns of the Liberator, most fearful blasphemiesagainst the Bible, the Church, "the glorious Gospelof the blessed God," has advocated many social absurditiesin "the conduct of life," and been especiallyoffensive to all truly cultured natures in his assaultson the sacred ordinance of marriage." Liberator, most fearful blasphemiesagainst the Bible, the Church, "the glorious Gospelof the blessed God," his assaultson the sacred ordinance of marriage. Of the "many names" that he might enumeratehe does not venture to specify one! True, he refersthe author of certain communication in our caules,but shrinks from calling him by name, (as wellmight,) while preferring against him the violetarganies—charges which any jury would pronouncetensely libelious, and which is a wild misrepresentation.They equally shock and astonish as. LetterHaven show, if he can, that they are true to anytent, or confess himself to be "an accuser of theethers," Instead of doing this, he abruptly turn fromis uttered of "fearful blasphemies," and attemptinvolve as in the same condemnation! Now markis method of proof! In reviewing a sermon ofev. Mr. White, of New York, we said— "Its assertion, that 'every cause must stand or fallthe verdict of the Bible,' indicates a treadmillvariance or a traditional credulity, and not close independentthinking. We totally dissent from thisabsolute. The Bible has settled nothing in theology,hence, morality, or religion, beyond the prevailinganions of the times. Neither human rights nor humanobligations originate with or depend upon anything in the Bible." Well, how does Mr. Haven meet this plain statementWhy, by saying—" Similar remarks concerningother axioms of historic, Biblical, vital Christianityare found in the same article. They are, in myargument, grossly infidel."Indeed! Infidel to declarethat "neither human rights nor human obligationsoriginate with or depend upon any thing in the Bible!Did not these rights and obligations exist beforea single verse of the Bible was written, and willthey not survive ail manuscript? Infidel to say that"the Bible has settled nothing in theology, science,morality or religion, beyond the prevailing opinions of thetimes"! Then, all history is "gross infidelity," andthe past teaches no lesson of change in ideas or in themethods of interpretation. They are, in myargument, grossly infidel. beyond the prevailing opinions of thetimes" What has bean SETTLED by the Bible? Has Methodism,or Baptistism, or Presbyterianism, or Episcopalians,or Swedenborgianism, or Unitarianism, orUniversalism, or Catholicism! If so, by whom, onwhose ipse dixit, or to what extent? Has the rightfulnessor wrongfulness at slavery, war, the death penalty,woman's rights, the various forms of civilgovernment, from the despotic to the democratic, &C.,&C. yet been settled by the Bible? Nothing of thekind. Experience shows that the book is plastic asclay in the hands of the potter, each individual beingleft free to. interpret it for himself. ipse dixit But what has this to do with the Anti-Slaverycause? What Anti-Slavery Society ii to be head responsiblefor the management of the Liberator, or forthe sentiments of any of its correspondents—or forthe religious teachings of Theodore Parker, or anyother man—or for any thing in the world, except whatit OFFICIALLY approves and circulates? Why, butto gratify a sectarian spirit, group together and confoundassociated action, for a specific object, with individualfreedom and independence on all questionconcerning human destiny? What if we do go to MusicHall, rather than to a Methodist place of worship?That liberty we shall not surrender, even to obtain thereligious endorsement of the Pope himself—much lessthat of the Rev. Gilbert Haven. But, again we ask,what has this to do with the Abolition question? Mr. Haven's attack upon the lamented TheodoreParker is characterized by intense bitterness. As wehave never undertaken to defend the theological viewsof any man, we do not feel called upon to do so in thiscase. To brand the teachings of Mr. Parker as "grossinfidelity " is to beg the question, and proves nothingbut the accuser's facility to call names and make invidiousallegations. Mr. Parker was not a member ofany Anti-Slavery Society; but if he had been, hisright to promulgate his own views, theologically,would have been no less than that claimed and constantlyexercised by Mr. Haven. The assertion ofMr. H., that Mr. Parker "denounced with the mostunsparing invective the revival of God's work, (!)and declared the operations of the Holy Spirit (!)to be but the cunning devices of the ministers of JesusChrist," (!) we pronounce utterly untrue. Thatrevival was manifestly not of God, but a deviceof the Adversary, specially designed to draw off attentionfrom the wrongs of the slave, to strengthenthe tottering walls of an apostate church, and tosubserve the purposes of a hireling priesthood.Exceptional cases do not alter the general fact. Sucha revival is more to be dreaded than a visitation of theAsiatic cholera. It swept over the whole country likean epidemic or a prairie conflagration, but its convertswere the most numerous in the bloodstained South.Where is the evidence that it ever broke a fetter, or inany degree affected the moral condition of society forthe better? Is not the South, at this hour, exhibitingthe scenes of Pandemonium? Has it ever behaved soinfernally as since this transforming (!) revival sweptthrough it! And as for the North, has its demoralizationever been greater than now 1 It is not true, then,that "Parker struck at the Church in her highest possiblework; struck at her when God was prosperingthat work;" he only exposed the hollowness of atrimming, time-serving, canting, spasmodic, pro-slaveryrevival, and therein did a noble work for true religion.So Jesus, the demonized, (for they said, "Hehath a devil,") and the blasphemer, (for the priestssaid, "We have heard his blasphemy,") boldly impeachedthe religion of his day, pouring contempt uponits sanctimonious pretensions, and declaring of itszealots that "they compass sea and land to makeproselytes, and when they have done so, they makethem twofold more the children of hell than themselves."Quite as "infidel," "blasphemous," and"anti-Christian" as Parkerism! As Mr. Haven refers reproachfully to the farewellLetter of Mr. Parker, to his Congregation, we ventureto make a single extract from it, which, it seems to us,is quite pertinent in this connection:— "Since my present illness began, some of my theologicalfoes have, publicly to the world, and privatelyto me, expressed their delight that I am not likely totrouble them much longer; in my present feeblenessthey read the answer to their prayers for my removal.It was the Psalmist's petition: 'Let not mine enemiestriumph over me!' But I shall utter none such. IfI fall and die, let 'mine enemies' rejoice as much asthey will at the consequent thought that there is onefeeble voice the less, rebuking the vice of the Press,the State, the Market, and the Church, to speak aword for Truth, Freedom, Justice, and Natural Religion;let them be glad there is one weak arm theless reaching out help to the poor, the drunken, theignorant, the harlot, the felon, and the slave; let themthank God for the premature decrepitude of my voice,the silence of my study, where worms perchance devourmy books, more dear even than costly; let themfind 'answer to our prayers' in the sorrow of my personalfriends,—there are now many such, —in thekeen distress of my intimates, and the agony of mywife: I complain nothing thereat Every tree musthear after Ha own kind, not another, and their 'religion'mast yield such fruits." Mr. Haven says— "I was greatly pained, a few yearssince, to hear you say, in the Melodeon, that theevangelical religion, which yon truly said was thefaith of the nation, was so bound up with the systemof slavery, that the only way to destroy this monsterwas to destroy that faith." Having never entertainedsuch a sentiment, we never made such a declaration; onthe contrary, we have many times said that theremust necessarily be the same difference of religiousviews after emancipation as now exists; and that theseviews, whether evangelical or otherwise, have nothingto do with the pro-slavery or anti-slavery character ofthose who embrace them. to destroy that faith. we never made such a declaration Mr. Haven is mistaken in saying that the meetingwhich the mob in this city broke up is 1885 was "ananti-slavery prayer meeting." It was a regular meetingof the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society; butthe error la of no consequence. He is also mistakenin supposing that the American Anti-Slavery Societyever was so exclusive as to call an "evangelical prayermeeting"; and it is not a little edifying when besays— "If the Managers of that Society would appointone, I have no doubt a great multitude of Christianswould gladly he present, and share with them thegodly pleasure, and, If need be, the ungodly persecutionsof the hoar." Strange that "Christians," area"a great multitude," should wait far the movement ofan "infidel society that direction! Why do theynot respond to the invitation and example of the"Christian Anti-Slavery Society," against whose orthodoxyno imputation can be thrown? But theygive it as wide a berth as though it were infectedwith the plague! Mr. Haven says that the Methodist Church Northdoes not "welcome" slaveholders to its communiontable. nevertheless, it receives them without rebukeor discipline. Thousands at slaves are still held aschattels by members of that Church. There is no offto this In the refusal of Mr. Haven to allow a slaveholdingDoctor of Divinity to occupy his pulpit? 

 ☞ Hon. Thos. D. Eliot, from the First District,has addressed his constituents, by letter, on the presentstate of affairs. He says that the cannot advocatethe compromise proposed. It is a question of principle—the North is asked to yield everything—theSouth nothing; a surrender of principle is the onlycondition upon which the South will consent to remainin the Union, and to those terms he cannot accede. 

 The Boston Review, which proposes to be "a NewEngland organ of the Puritan Theology," or, as itsconductors more precisely declare, an echo of the doctrineof "Cabin, the Westminster Divines, and Edwards,"has just put forth its first number. Its conductorsare Rev. Doctors Joseph Tracy, Samuel M.Worcester, Nathan Lord, John A. Albro, Enoch Pond,Parsons Cooke, J.B. Felt, Nehemiah Adams, J.A.Copp. and Reverends John Pike, J.C. Hodwell, B.F.Hosford, E. Cutler, E.P. Marvin, J.T. Tucker, N.Monroe, and W. Barrows. Review It is a significant fact that these clergymen areamong the persons in New England most strongly opposedto any interference with slavery. The longestarticle in this first number, an exhibition of spiteagainst Theodore Parker and Rev. James FreemanClarke, was written by Dr. South-side Adams. The Congregationalist,, an orthodox paper which, likethe Independent, turns the cold shoulder to the "ChurchAnti-Slavery Society," (maintaining that the church,in the main, holds the right position in regard to slavery,)nevertheless now declares, that of all the sermonspreached by the 1800 Orthodox Congregationalministers of the six New England States, during thelast ten years, in all human probability not more thanone-tenth of on* per cent, have made "any allusion whatever" to the subject of slavery. And it offers this asevidence, not of gross violation of duty, (as it reallyis,) but of judicious moderation on the part of theseministers!—C.K.W. Congregationalist, 

 MR. SOMES'S SPEECH. We have just received acopy of Hon. D.S. Somes's speech, delivered in theHouse of Representatives in Washington on the 16thinst. It is a most excellent speech, creditable alike tohis head and heart. This speech shows an intimateknowledge of the country, a breadth of understanding,a comprehensive view of things, a philosophicalinsight into affairs, an enlarged and generous patriotism,ability, and statesmanship alike honorable to himselfand his constituents.—Maine journal. R. OMES'S PEECH. Maine journal. 

 In some Roman Catholic countries, individualsamong the priesthood of that faith are openly gamblersand cock-fighters. Yet the more reputablepriests still fraternize with these, acknowledging thenas brethren, and interchanging clerical duties withthem. Protestants are astonished at this; they ascribeit to the vicious character of the Romish church, amseem utterly unconscious that their clergy tolerate vicein each other to an equal extent. Take, for examplethe following, which appears as an ordinary item ofnews in the Transcript of last Monday:— their Transcript "The ordination of Mr. David C. Seudder, as missionaryto India, will take place this evening, at 7 1-2 o'clock, atthe Essex Street Church. Sermon by Rev. NehemiahAdams, D.D." The missionary in question, and the PrudentialCommittee of the American Board of Commissionerfor foreign Missions, who send him, agree in allowingtheir services to be led by Dr. South-side Adams, justas if he were not an upholder of slavery! just as if hewere a Christian! And to this extent is Protestantismlikely still to be degraded in this country, as longas slavery holds a footing in it! Even this is not all. When Mr. Scudder gets toIndia, be will oppose there, representing it as a greatsin, the very distinction of caste that his patron, DrAdams, is upholding here. And if he comes back tothis country before slavery and caste are abolishedhere, he will, no doubt, comply with the long standingcustom of his missionary brethren, and avoid rebukehere of the vices upheld by his employers.—C.K.W. caste caste 

 GENERAL TWIGGS'S PERFIDY. The Governmentproperty in Texas has been perfidiously surrenderedto the State authorities, and the Federal troops wereallowed to leave the State. The property seized wasstated to be worth $1,300,000. Documents have beenreceived at the War Department, which show thatTwiggs entered, into negotiation with Texas as earlyas the 7th ult. Col. Waite, several weeks since, wasappointed successor to Twiggs as Chief of the MilitaryDepartment, but had not arrived in season on to preventthe surrender. Gen. Twiggs's act is here consideredatrocious and disgraceful. ENERAL WIGGS'S ERFIDY. 

 The recent Annual Meeting of the MASSACHUSETTSANTI-SLAVERY was brought to an abrupt andunlooked-for termination by an order of the Mayor ofthe city of Boston, dosing the doors of the TremontTemple. In these circumstances, no opportunity wasafforded the-Society to make its customary collectionfor the expenses of the meeting, nor to gather theDonations and Pledges of its members and friends tocarry on the Anti-Slavery work during the ensuingyear. Its Managers are therefore under the necessityof making an individual appeal. The position inwhich the Society is placed, and the extreme moredanger which now threatens to extreme the wholecountry from the baleful spirit of compromise so vehementlystruggling for the mastery, are all the argumentsthat need be presented, in addition to thosewhich have prevailed so long, to enforce this appealfor such help as can possibly be rendered, either byimmediate contribution, or by pledge payable duringthe year. Contributions will be appropriated to anyspecific object desired. Address reply to EDMUNDJackson, Esq., No. 22 Chatham Street, (Treasurer,)or to E.H. HRYWOOD, 221 Washington Street, Boston,whereof prompt acknowledgment will be made. ASSACHUSETTS NTI LAVERY DMUND RYWOOD Various responses bare already been made to thisappeal—among them the following:— LETTER FROM REV.A. BATTLES. BANGOR, (Me.) February 4th, 1861. ANGOR DEAR SIR,—I have received the Circular of theMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, stating what Ihad already learned, that, by order of Mr. Wightmancalled Mayor of Boston, the meetings of your Societywere abruptly closed. EAR IR I should be untrue to myself, as well as false to thesacred cause of human liberty, if I did not promptlyrespond to this Circular, assuring you of my heartysympathy with the cardinal idea of your Society, viz.,that the rights of man are paramount to all materialinterests and human organizations; at the same timeexpressing my unqualified condemnation of Mr.Wightman's course in thus surrendering Boston intothe keeping of an organized mob. Were my sympathy with the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety less cordial than it is, my view of theMayor's cowardly action would be the same. It is notalone your Society, and the interests of the four millionAmerican slaves whom you represent, that theMayor and his mob have assaulted, but the rights ofevery white man of the United States as well. Hewho strikes at free speech is undermining the veryfoundations upon which civil government rests. This,Joseph M. Wightman, and that insane crew who filledthe galleries of the Tremont Temple on the 24th ofJanuary, have done, and for this they should be arraignedas enemies of their kind. I hare long fait that the Abolitionists were not simplypleading for the slave, though this were enough toentitle them to the applause of mankind,— but werealso vindicating those principles which arc the basis offree institutions throughout the world. The experiencethrough which you have recently passed in Bostonconvinces me that It is so. Well, Mayor Wightman and well-dreseed rowdiestriumphed en the 24th of January, 1861; but, in theend, they will be the vanquished. For every victorywhich the advocates of a false principle gain is a defeat.A step forward in the wrong way is a step backward.Let politicians biggie and plot as they will, letmobs foam and rage, and " the people imagine a vainthing"—Cod reigns; His laws an stronger than politiciansand their wicked compromises. The negro ismightier than mobs. The dice, load them as he will,shall come up against the oppressor at last. Therefore, let us labor on in the hope that the daywill soon come when sympathy with the oppressedwill be no crime, and obedience to the deaden Rule notreason. Yours, for free speech, and the liberty of universalman, A. BATTLES. LETTER FROM DR.H.O. STONE. FRAMINONAM, Feb. 6, 1861. RAMINONAM DEAR FRIENDS—I received the Circular of theMassachusetts Anti-Shivery Society, dated 28th ult.,but was two sick to read it. I embrace the firststrength I have to respond with my whole heart, andthe enclosed five dollars. EAR RIENDS I never saw the time before when our kind of workpromised to be so productive; I never felt so proudof our position. Never before have we had the peopleat such a white heat; now is the time to strikeThe cause never looked so hopeful, yet never neededsuch work. I congratulate you that you are in the work so earnestlyand thoroughly. I shall never cease to rejoicethat my heart was drawn towards it. The more I reflectupon the Anti-Slavery cause, the more clearly Isee the divine light surrounding it. It is our Jordan—the portal of the true church. Christ stands thereas a slave. When I enter and embrace him, I am onthe mount of transfiguration. I hear words of cheer—commands of duty—messages of love I am onewith the Father. But it will not do to build a tabernaclehere, and dwell in the region of mere sentimentThe vision will fade. We must transfer our ideal tolife, each individual working by the means of the lifehe has gained, upon all others, will others, so faras he can. I am a little jealous of societies, lest theyinfringe on individualities. There is danger they willeither force a man's action beyond his growth, or keephim below it, But how wonderfully the Anti-SlaverySociety have avoided this! It is rarely they haveencroached upon individuality. I do not behave theythey ever kept back a progressive spirit; on the contrary,they have given an impulse forward to thousands.But, it seems to me, in the matter of petitioningthe Legislature to prohibit to prohibit slave-hunting. they aretrying to force action beyond individual growth. Suchcase cannot be expected; but as a means of growth.it might be a good measure, if it did not require mento do something they solemnly declare shall be nullwhen done. As an act of repentance, or the inaugurationof a grand moral revolution in deflance of constitutionallaw, it is good; but to ask the prohibition lawbefore the State has repudiated constitutional obhgationsseems to me to be playing fast and loose with themoral sense. What are they, who take an oath intendingto break it, and break it with the intention ofrepeating it? It is not the normal work of the Anti-SlaverySociety to create such. Here we these twentyyears, or more, made ourselves political eunuchs forthe kingdom of Heaven's sake, to find ourselves, atlast, the father of such monstrosities? The true work is in the old track—the old cryRepent! Come out from the Constitution! Cease tobe legislators! Learn to be men! Garrison's battle-cry is right, "No Union with Slaveholders." We do not want a professed union with themouth, when the heart is far away. The best way toget a prohibitive law is to educate Massachusetts outof the Union, unless, as I hope it may be, the wrathof the slave States keep them outside long enough forus to bring the North to the immovable battle-groundwe occupy, and cry, "no quarter" to Slavery Truly yours, H.O. STONE E.H. HEYWOOD. EYWOOD. 

 FROM NEW MEXICO. On the 11th of January, abill was introduced into the Legislature for repealingthe slave code. A desperate effort was made to opposeit at the first reading, but it was carried to thesecond by a handsome majority. The bill was subsequentlydefeated, but it is known that feeling runsstrongly in its favor among the people. ROM EW EXICO. 

 DEAR SIR—The people of the country towns ofMassachusetts have been feeling great anxiety, in regardto the relief given to Kansas. Contributehave been taken up in many of our churches, and themoney, they supposed, forwarded to the Kansas ReliefCommittee. Why did they not send it to Gen. Pomroy—a man who has always felt such interest in the veryfare of Kansas, and who is so well known! The Committeein Boston report that they have kept their operationsprivate. In such a case as this, is privacy justifiable?People who have given their money andclothing, want to hear of its distribution, they havea moral right to hear, when people are starving. Threemonths ago, operations were commenced. Is it possiblethat relief, given in Kansas, should not be knownto Gen. Pemroy? EAR IR From a subscriber to the fund. Respectfully, A.K. SOUTHWICK. Grantville, Feb. 13, 1861. 

 MORE HAYTIEN EMIGRANTS. The schooner M.A.Jones, Capt Lavender, wiled from Boston for HaytiWednesday afternoon. She takes out fifty coloredpassengers, who go to Hayti to settle under the directionof James Redpath. ORE AYTIEN MIGRANTS. 

 FLORENCE, Feb. 25. 1861 LORENCE FRIEND GARRISON—Considering all the circumstance,it is not strange that I find a few errors inMr. Yerrinton's admirable report of my speech, as thatI find so few, and those of so little importance. Stillif you could find place to make a correction or two inthe Liberator, I should like to have it done. RIEND ARRISON so Liberator In the third column of the report, near the top, andnearer the beginning of a paragraph, instead of "theaim of which is to buy concession," read, "the aim ofwhich is to bur peace by concession." About quarterway up from the bottom of the same column, insteadof "Shirt of Nessus, the old hero," of mythology.'read, "shirt of Nessus to the old hero," &C. Some other trivial errors I notice, but where theseare the most important, it will be seen that somecan be very serious. In haste, yours truly, C.C. BURLEIGH 

 ☞ When the train with Mr. Lincoln's family arrivedat Baltimore, on Saturday, they were shockinglyand blasphemously insulted by a profane rabble,with shouts of "Come out, and we 11 give yon hell,""Bloody Black Republicans," &C. 

 DEAR MR. GARRISON—I heard a sermon, recently,from Rev. James Freeman Clarke, upon theRadicalism of Divine Providence—"The axe is laidat the root of the tree." The closing sentences I sendyou, and shall be glad to see them in the Liberator— EAR R. ARRISON Liberator "This is the comfort of those speaking for freedomand working for justice. They are not discouragedby the delay of their triumph. They are not destroyedwhen they are cast down—they are not sadwhen silenced—they are not forsaken when persecuted—they are not miserable because all men speakevil of them. They know that God's work is slow,but sure—that whatever ill God blesses becomes good—that he always wins who sides with God. andfallen never to rise again, they live and take comfort,knowing they have left behind. 'Powers that will work for them, air, earth and skies;That not a breathing of the common windWill e'er forget them—having great ailesTheir friends being exultations, agencies,And love, and man's unconquerable mind."     

 ☞ PARKER PILLSBURY will spend the month ofMarch in the State of Now York—will attend meetingsin Farmington and Macedon, Wayne Co., next wash. 

 NEW MUSIC. Oliver Ditson &Co., 277 Washingtonstreet, Boston, have just published the followingpices:— EW USIC. 1. Annie Lisle. With brilliant variations for thepiano. By Charles Grobe. 2. Douce Reverie et Mazurka. By Bardarzewska. 3. The Vesper Hyrnn, arranged for the piano.  ByBrinley Richards. 4. Far away, my thoughts are far away. WordsMrs. Hemans. Music by Mrs. Bloede. 5. The Dream of the Wanderer. Romance for thepiano. By Brinley Richards. 6. Vecnl Beauties in the Opera of Robin Hood.From Childhood's Dawn. Composed by G.A. Macfarren. 

 ☞ ANDREW T. POSS, Agent of the MassachusettsA.S. Society, will speak at Table  Table  

 THOMAS JEFFERSON ENDORSES JOHN BROWNISM!In a letter from Jefferson to Dr. Gordon. he says— HOMAS EFFERSON OHN ROWNISM "Lord Cornwallis then proceeded to the Point ofFork, and encamped his army from thence all alongthe main of James river to a seat of mine called ElkIsland. HE CARRIED OFF, ALSO, ABOUT, THRITYSLAVES. HAD THIS BEEN TO GIVE THEM FRENDSHE WOULD HAVE DONE RIGHT." E AD Is not this an endorsement of John Brown's enterpriseat Harper's Ferry? The anniversary of the Revolution of 1848 wascelebrated by the French exiles in this city by a banquet,on Monday evening, in the International rooms,Washington street. After supper, the meeting wasorganized by appointing Mr. Constant President, Mr.J. Caillett, Vice President, and Mr. Barrais, Secretary. The President offered the Following — "John Brown—the reviver of the DeclarationIndependence—the friends of universal liberty—the—murdered at Harper's Ferry, is not dead." It was responded to with a will—the audience risingamid the acclamations of vive John Brown! vive JohnBrown! John Brown n'est pas mort! vive John Brown! vive JohnBrown! John Brown n'est pas mort! Where were Mayer Wightman, Mr. Richard S. Fay,Mr. J. Murray Howe, and the mob! Slumbering! 

 ☞MRS. M.B. JACKSON, M.D., having had fifteenyears experience in the Homeopathic treatment of discases,offers her professional services to the Ladies andChildren of Boston and vicinity. Reference.—David Thayer, U.D.; Lather Clark, M.D.;John M. Tarball, M.D., Boston. Eilphalet Clerk, M.D.,Portland, Me. Reference. Eilphalet Rooms No. 34 Bowdoin and 10 Allston streets, Officehours from 2 to 4, P. 

 I have seen in some newspaper (I cannot say where)confession of an eminent secession statesman of theSouth. to this effect;—It is not on account of the determinationof the North to prevent slavery in theTerritories, not the Personal Liberty Laws, nor theelection of Lincoln, that South Carolina and the GulfStates are striving to decade from the Union; theseare merely the occasions, and not the radical cause ofthat proceeding; but it is because these circumstancesanother demonstrations at the North evince so intenseand general a sentiment of hostility to slavery, thatthe slaveholding States can no longer feel their cherishedinstitution safe, under a government in thehands of anti-slavery men; and they would secureits perpetuity by departure from the away of such agovernment. Here is the truth, and the whole truth, respectingwe cause of secession, as every intelligent person mustdiscover, who has observed the total inefficacy of allthe varying projects in Congress and elsewhere to arrestthe march of secession, and recall the departingStates into unity, on terms satisfactory to both parties.Even if all the alleged encroachments of the free Stateswere given up, and all the demands of the slave Statesyielded to them, there is not one of their citizens whois willing to pledge himself that they will abandontheir attempts at secession, and return again to thebosom of the Union; and could such a reunion takepace. it could neither be a harmonious nor a durableone; the contest between the parties, notbeing on any measure of policy, but on a contraryview of the right of slavery, not admitting a medium,must not only be "irrepressible," but interminable,as long as these parties are bound under the same government,and each struggling with the other for thepossession of it. There might be a compliance withthe forms of legislation, but there could be no suchmany of spirit as would give efficiency to the laws, orexternal protection. If such would be the failure of acould re-union, by the submission of one party, andconsent of the other, how much more hopeless wouldit be by the attempt of one section to compel the othersadhesion by force! This could only be by a civilour perhaps attended by all the horrors of a servileinsurrection; and its accomplishment would be theentire subjugation of one of the parties, maintainedby a perpetual occupation of military force; militarytyranny over all the States; the abandonment of ourcan to be a government of the people. If such, then, are the plain and inevitable consequencesof the attempt to compel allegiance of theStates to the Union by force, why should such acurse be any longer proposed or advocated? Yet thismethod is urged by the Republican papers, with allthe ferocious and tyrannical spirit exhibited by thedespots of Europe and Asia. Their doctrine that theprerogatives of government are more sacred and than the rights liberties, welfare and even livesof individual men, is now openly maintained by theadvocates of an enforced Union, in direct oppositionto the principle of popular sovereignty, repudiatingthat doctrine on which our government was founded.The success of this compulsory measure, establishingthe character of our nations government as one maintainedby coercion, and not be consent, would be anawful apostasy, a retrogression into the barbarousmaxims of European domination, cemented in blood;an utter failure of the first magnificent experiment ofpopular government, to the exultation of tyrants, thedisgrace of land, the despair of all the fiends offreedom in the world.  But the harmonious union of the people of this nation,on the principle of general consent, can never bemaintained where the sentiments of the two greatsections of it are at such irreconcilable variance onthe vital question of the right of slavery; the partyat any time in power will be perpetually assailed bythe discontented opposition of the other. The onlyplan. then, for the preservation of popular rights andinterests, for national reputation, for safety, for justice,and even for humanity, is to give to each section anindependent government, conformed to its own ideasof rith—that is, a peaceable separation from eachother. J.P.B. 

 ☞ BESSIE S. LOCKWOOD, M.D., No. 34 AuburnStreet, Boston. Particular attention paid to the Diagnosisand Treatment of Chronic Diseases. No. AuburnStreet, Boston. OFFICE HOUSE from 11, A.M., till 2, P.M. FFICE OUSE Nov. 23—3m. 

 ☞Hon. Henry Wilson made one of his ablestspeeches in the U.S. Senate, last week, on the state ofthe country. We shall quote from it in our next. 

 ☞ FRRE DISPENSARY, for Women and Children,274 Washington street, Boston. Open every day, from 12to 1 o'clock. The above institution (in connection with the LADIES'MEDICAL ACADEMY is new open for the gratuitous treatmentof Women and Children, and for Surgical Patients ofboth sexes. Difficult may have the benefit of a ConsulationWednesdays, at 11 o'clock. ADIES EDICAL CADEMY MIDWIFERY. Attendances by duly qualified female practitionerswill be provided for the poor, at their own homes,free of charge. IDWIFERY. free of charge. 

 ANN ARBOR, (Mich.) Feb. 8,1861. NN RBOR TO THE EDITOR OF THE LIBERATOR: O DITOR IBERATOR This is, as you know, the educational centre ofMichigan; and yon would expect that around ourcollege would cluster the refinements, the culture andthe advantages of society which such an institutionwould naturally stimulate and attract. But abolitionistswell know, too, that these popular institutions arelinked in with, and governed to a great extent by, thecreeds of the Church and the dogmas of the State—that a belief in total depravity, and obedience to theConstitution and to the Fugitive Slave Law, influencethose connected with it, more than any faith in thepossibilities of the race, or inherent love of justice andfreedom in man, as held and promulgated by thethinking and enlightened men and women of ourcountry. And is it strange that this teaching shouldbear its legitimate fruit? A week and a half ago, a mob collected to break upour Anti-Slavery Convention, at which Parker Pillsbury,Josephine Griffing and Giles B. Stebbins wereadvertised to speak. We were threatened for somedays; and not only college students, but merchantsand business men, declared the meeting ought not tobe held—and some went so far as to say that theMayor ought to prohibit It, in such an hour of periland excitement. Mr. Rogers, proprietor of Rogers'sHall—which we had engaged—informed us, only onthe day of the meeting, that he did not feel willing toopen it, as he felt no assurance of protection from theauthorities of the city. He was decidedly in favor offree discussion; but on account of his family, wholive in the building, he should be obliged, although reluctantly,to refuse it. The Court House was refusedby the Mayor; and as other popular places wereclosed, we went to the Free Church—a small, quiet,neat house, erected a few years since by the Friendsof Progress, who had left the old Society of Friends,and occupied, for the last two or three years, by friendsof free thought and free discussion of all questions ofhuman interest There the mob came and interruptedus, on Saturday afternoon, and broke up our meetingin the evening. The Mayor had given Mr. Glazierand Mr. Stebbins promises of protection; but he had aconcert to attend in the evening, and so "could not come."One officer came in good faith, but with no Mayor tolead and no subordinates to follow, he was powerless. no assurance of protection from theauthorities of the city. but he had aconcert to attend in the evening The cheers for the Union and Douglas, and groansfor Lincoln and the Convention, showed clearly thebitter pro-slavery element. Southern students withslaveholding "principles," and Northern students withdo principle, aided in the evening by drunken rioterswho frequent low haunts—where such demonstrationsare not plotted and set on foot, but from which theyreceive large accessions whenever required,—this motley mass, with their impudence and malice, with whatstrength they had gained for some days previousfrom "respectable" citizens, who came not to see thatorder was maintained, and from the absence of MayorBarry, rolled in upon us, as Mr. Pillsbury said, likean avalanche, and threatened to crush us, had we not,at last, when we saw the impossibility of speakingthat night, escaped from the rear of the house. absence After we left, seats were broken, windows shattered,the desk uptorn, the stove-pipe thrown down, and soottracked over the white floor; so that, on Sunday morning,it was a scene of desolation indeed! However,true to the reputation which the Press gives us, wewere not to be discouraged or defeated; so the friendsmet, put up the stove-pipe, built a fire, swept and garnishedit as we might, covered up windows that weretoo badly broken, and resolved on a meeting for theday. The house was well filled, and a delightful spiritof earnest interest, and a soothing, orderly quiet pervadedthe house, so that we knew not but our feetrested on tapestried carpets, and we were seated oneasy cushions of repose. There was a spirit of harmony,as of one mind and one soul, throughout theforenoon meeting. We were all united in one thing,at least—viz., free expression of opinion. Mr. Stebbinsopened the meeting with the reading of Whittier'sglorious "Stanzas for the Times," after whichMr. Pillsbury occupied the somewhat short forenoonin rebuke of the Mayor and the mob, showing the inevitableresults of encouragement and sanction givenby those in power and position, by which the rights ofthese, in turn, will be disregarded and trampled on,when the blind fury of the rabble shall have anotheraim. In the afternoon, a few of the mobocrats returned tothe attack; but there was a moral power which theycould not withstand, and which kept them under permanentcontrol. But this spirit of disorder and force does not realizethat the fine, compact, delicate brain rules the coarse,muscular hand; that the clear moral sense is superior,even, to the culivated intellect; and that the exaltedspiritual nature comprehends all these; and so wemust expect just this manifestation of brute force, inour present political state, until we educate men to ahigher standard of freedom and justice. Their freedomnow is license, their justice selfishness, and theirmercy cruelty. Do they think to crush eternal principleand unchangeable law under the heel of fierypassion and physical violence! So did, perhaps, thosewho sacrificed John Huss, and those who quenchedtheir murderous thirst in the blood of John Brown.But truly, "they know not what they do"; for thehigher nature that comprehends the laws that governmatter and mind, the intentions which perceive clearlythat the most powerful forces in the universe are subtle, intangible and imponderable—this nature, in them,has yet to be awakened and educated. But woe tothose who see beyond, and use this ignorant, andsometimes insane prejudice for their own ambitiousand selfish purposes! Their now their their them Husband and self attended a concert, the Saturdayfollowing the Convention, and stepped into the halltwo or three minutes before eight o'clock. As soonas we entered, there greeted and enveloped us, till wetook our scats, a shower of hisses, which at first seemedmany-voiced, but which we soon knew came from themobocratic students and "roughs" in the back partof the house. After a few minutes, Mayor Barrycame in, went up the middle aisle, and was greetedwith applause by the same persons, which he acknowledgedwith bows and waving of the hat to those whotendered this doubtful compliment Well, said I, Iam satisfied with our share of the notice; but I thinkthat His Honor would feel more satisfaction, in hisheart of hearts, had he nobly earned applause fromthe other side of the house. C.A.F.S. 

 DIED—At her residence in Weymouth, on the 10th ofFebruary, PHEBE NASH WESTON, aged 82—one of the earlyAbolitionists. HEBE ASH ESTON 

 GREAT BRITAIN. Parliamentary proceedings onthe 10th were unimportant. Lord Palmerston said instructionshad been sent to the Governor-General ofCanada not to give up the fugitive negro Andersonwithout express orders from the Imperial Government,and there was therefore no chance of his beingsurrendered without the point being fully discussed.He could not say whether the habeas corpus writ wouldbe obeyed in Canada, but it could not be executed immediately,as the river St Lawrence was now blockedup by ice, and it was impossible to take Andersonthrough American territory. He believed the case,according to the treaty, was quite clear. The claimof the United States must be established by showingthat Anderson was guilty of murder according to thelaw of England, and as he was quite convinced thatno English jury would convict Anderson of murder,the claim was not likely to be substantiated. REAT RITAIN. habeas corpus 

 THIS is a new style, first class, double thread, FamilyMachine, made and licensed under the patients ofHowe, Wheeler &Wilson, and Grover &Baker, and itsconstruction is the best combination of the various patentsowned and used by these parties, and the patents ofthe Parker Sewing Company. They were awarded a SilverMedal at the last Fair of the Mechanies' Charitable Association,and are the best finished and most substantiallymade Family Machines new in the market. SilverMedal ☞ Sales Room, 188 Washington street. Sales Room GEO.E. LEONARD, Agent. Agent. Agents wasted everywhere. All kinds of Sewing Machine work done at short notice. Boston, Jan. 18, 1861. 3m. 

 1. THE LONDON QUARTERLY, (Conservative.) 2. THE EDINBRUGH REVIEW, (Whig.) 3. THE NORTH BRITISH REVIEW, (Free Church.) 4. THE WESTMINISTER REVIEW, (Liberal.) 5. BLACKWOOD'S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE, (Tery.) Table  Table  N.B.—The price in Great Britain of the five Periodicalsabove-named is $31 per annum. The price in Great Britain of the five Periodicalsabove-named is per annum. Republished by LEONARD SCOTT &CO., 54 Gold Street, New York. Dec. 28. 6w 

 Fourth Edition. ONE HUNDRED AND FORTH-FOUR preparations,theological, moral, historical and speculative, eachproved affirmatively and negatively, by quotations fromScripture; embodying most of the palpable and strikingself-contradictions of the so-called inspired Word of God.Fourth Edition. Price 13 cents, post-paid. Eight for adollar. Sold by all liberal booksellers, and by the publishers, 05 6m A.J. DAVIS &CO., 274 Canal street, New York. 

 INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF A SLAVE GIRL,seven Years concealed in Slavery; narrated by herself;with an Introduction by LYDIA MARAI CHILD, and a Letterby ANY POST. A handsome book of 306 pages, justissued, which is receiving highly commendatory noticesfrom the press. Prise $1.50. Orders for mailing mustinclude sixteen cents in postage stamps. YDIA ARAI HILD NY OST. Address WM.C. NELL, F3 tf 221 Washington street. 

 A FEW Photographs of WEEDELL PHILLIPS, byHORTON, are on sale at the Anti-Slavery Rooms for$1.00 each. They are much admired. F8 tf 

 THE subscriber has just opened inside No. 77 Myrtlestreet, for the accommodation of transient Boarders.The location is a pleasant our, within after minutes' walkof the most central portions of the city. Every exertionwill be made for the comfort of those who may favor thehouse with a call. Rooms furnished with or without board.Terms moderate. Jan. 11. S. NEWELL. 

 A SONNET. Suggested by the preparations which are being made todefend the Capital of the American Republic(?) againstforcible assault, by her own sons, at the inauguration ofAbraham Lincoln as her President, March 4, 1861. What a dart picture does the scene presentIn the "asylum for the world's oppressed"!*Rulers and people here together blast,Armed to the teeth, lost her own sons should wrestFrom them that freedom they so proudly beast,And plunge our land in dark Egyptian night:Put out the lights on her extended coast,†And from her shores the flying captive fright:As in the days that were before the flood,Men ate and drank, and ON EACH OTHER PREYED,Till earth was filled with violence and blood,And God on them hit hand in judgment laid:—Say, has this nation so offended Heaven,For its destruction to the sword 'tis given?  *      †    N     Boston, Feb. 20, 1861. JUSTITIA. USTITIA. * It has ever been the boast of Americans that our countryaffords an asylum for the oppressed of all nations. * It has ever been the boast of Americans that our countryaffords an asylum for the oppressed of all nations. † An allusion to the act of extinguishing the lights uponthe coast and in the harbors of South Carolina. † An allusion to the act of extinguishing the lights uponthe coast and in the harbors of South Carolina. 

 Let's compromiseWith the father of lies,For fear of his wrath infernal;Give him six to oneOf oar days, and runA compromise line eternal.      The devil, no doubt,When "backing out"Of the Union formed supernal,Had better have beenBought off from sin,On the plan of the Albany Journal.      Albany Journal. With a Compromise, then,The most of menTo-day would be making merryIn Paradise,With everything niceAnd comfortable round them—very.      Why not concede?There is no needOf fighting Slavery longer!We gave it a blow.Now let us goAnd nurse it, and make it stronger.      Why not concede?We're all agreed—Tis the only way for quiet;What is the hurtOf eating dirt?It isn't so bad a diet!     dirt?  Why not concede?Yon only needYour principles now to swallow;No pesos to be had,If we make them mad,And blood perhaps may follow?   principles    blood Why not concedeWith Thurlow Weed?Haven't you always followed Thurlow?Just now he is out,Cruising about,On a kind of political furlough.     Never mindIf they "steal you blind,"Give them only the more!They stole from your mintThe bullion in't,—They've done the same before.      The Star of the West,Twas only in just,When at her they happened to sheet;Firing upon herWas no dishonor—Only a friendly salute!      So let's concede—Twill speedily leadTo a Democratic Union!And then we can dwellIn a common—well,Sufficiently close communion!      Marathon, Feb. 11, 1861. M.L.H. 

 AIR—Johnny Cops. IR Johnny Cops. "President Buchanan is packing his library, and willleave far Lancaster on the morning of March 5th."—Telegramto the Boston Journal. Telegramto the Boston Journal. O Jamie, are you sleeping yet?O Jamie, are you sleeping yet?You know 'tis time for yon to getReady to start in the morning.    The Northern boys are rousing fast;Inspired by memories of the past,They vow that treason shall not last;So you'd better start in the morning.    Bad government is hard to bear,And robbery is far from fair;As both have had your fostering care.You'd better leave in the morning.    O Jamie, why did you not avoidBlustering Toombs, and Cobb, and Floyd?Your reputation they've destroyed,And left you alone in the morning.    The patriot men of Seventy-SixWould have scorned to favor rebel cliques;But you say, smiling at their tricks,"Well make it all right m the morning!"    You thought the Major didn't do rightTo leave poor Moultrie alone one night,Because Fort Sumter was not quiteSo pleasant to take in the morning.    take No wonder, than, you talked so rough,For he spoil'd your game of Southern bluff:Ah! you didn't wake up soon enoughTo oatch Bob asleep in the morning!    Bob Yes, pack year books; O, worst of all,The O.P.F.'s that e'er had "a call,"—March Fourth is written on the wall,And Abe will be "round" in the morning!   March Fourth  

 Give us the nerve of steel,And the arm of fearless might,And the strength of will that is ready stillTo battle for the right.    Give us the eye to weepThat honest tear of feeling,That shuts not down for the world's dread frown,The genuine heart revealing.    Give us the mind to fuelThe sufferings of another.And fearless power in the dying hourTo help a suffering brother.    Give us the clear, cool brain.That is never asleep or dosing;But, sparkling ever with bold endeavor,Wakes the world from its pressing.    Ah! give us the nerve of steel,And tie hand of fearless might,And the heart that can love and feel,And the head that is always right.    For the foeman is now abroad,And the earth is filled with crimes;Let it be our prayer to God,"Oh! give us the men for the times!"    

 The Protestants of this country are apt to congratulatethemselves on having escaped from the "corruptions"of the Romish church. Examination ofthe principle and practice of both parties has alwaysshown the difference between than to be in degreeonly, not in kind; and now, so enormousare the vices with which American piety deliberatelyand persistently fraternizes, that the differencein degree even seems constantly diminishing, and"ready to vanish away." in degree The New York Evangelist, under the heading,"Pious Gamblers," quotes the fallowing, from Mr.Edmond About's brilliant book, entitled, "ContemporaryRome," as illustrating "one of the phases oflife in that city of the Papacy:"— Evangelist "While sitting in an eating-home, be witnessed the followingexhibition of gambling piety with a wide-awake eye,at a table where an old man was playing. The cards wereobstinately unfavorable to the old player, who finally stakedhis silver watch, to lose all, or to recover everything. Beforecutting the cards, he want to kneel before the Madonnaof the restaurant, and prayed her to restore what hehad lost, with something beside, promising to share theprofits with her, and to carry a great wax taper to thechurch of St Augustine. Meantime, his adversary, withoutleaving his seat, prudently crossed himself, and murmureda counter prayer to the same Madonna. The oldwagoner lost as he had lost before. He rose from the table,and took his position in the face of that image that hehad just adored. Some violence was to be expected againstthe Madonna; but the Virgin if honored in Rome as sheis no other where. Should the Romans ever become free-thinkers,they may forget or deny God, but in no conceivablecase will they renounce the worship of the Virgin.The unlucky gambler, standing before her image, let fallhit wrath on the divine child she bore in her arms: 'Youwretched baby, (bambins,) he exclaimed, 'Judas servedyou right when he sold you!' His adversary gatheredup the money and the watch, called for another flagonof wine, which he drank at his leisure, examining the pointof his knife, stopped at the door to see if any one was waitingfor him on the outside, and went hit way." (bambins,) The Evangelist would represent piety, among habitualand professional gamblers, as something monstrous,absurd and impossible. It would representthe public performance of prayer for the success of avicious enterprise, or of opposing prayers addressed tothe same God in behalf of antagonistic forms of selfishness,as something at once shocking to the moralsense, and peculiar to the Romish faith. It would representthe use of prayer, by rival parties or individualswho are alike upholding a worldly, carnal and selfishpolicy, as a means of "currying favor" with theDeity, each against the other, as something unknownin Protestantism. Yet that which it calls "piety"exists in this country, among the people whom itmis-names "evangelical," in open and permanentconnection with vices far worse than gambling. Slaveryis prayed for by the "business men's prayer-meetings,"by the "Young Men's Christian Associations,"by numerous ecclesiastical bodies, by the editorsof "religious newspapers," and by clergymen of varioussects, in the pulpit and elsewhere. And throughoutour Northern States, at this moment, numerousbodies of people who "hope and trust" that they are"pious," and who hold, at any rate, some ecclesiasticalcertificate declaring them to be so, are energeticallypraying for the continuance of the Federal Union, andagainst the people who would break it; while a setof people throughout the Southern States, bearing intheir mouths and pockets the same evidence of "piety,"are praying to the same God for the destruction of thesame Union, and against the people who would continueit. And the very men who are uttering theseprayers at the South are, at the same time, committingenormous outrages for the maintenance of slavery,not only against the slaves and the free people ofcolor, but against Northern citizens casually amongthem; while the very men who are uttering the opposingprayers at the North are at the same time tryingto put down abolitionism, and to suppress "agitation,"favoring the continuance of slavery on accountof the profitable trade they drive with slaveholders.The piety of these two classes is precisely alike, cultivatedby the same processes, tested by the same standardof dogmatic theology, holding "good and regularstanding" in churches of the same denomination, andacknowledged as genuine in each party by the other.And in both, the existence of this piety is as thoroughlyindependent of Christian morality as among theirdespised brethren of the Romish church. Evangelist destruction against Will it be pleaded that, however far short Americanslavery may fall of conformity with the Christianityof Jesus and of Paul, it is at least an "institution," agreat, popular, respectable system, practised by menof character and station, patronized by the State, favoredby a large proportion of the press, substantiallyupheld by the Tract, Missionary and Bible Societies,and bulwarked by the Presbyterian, Episcopal, Baptist,Methodist and Congregational churches, andtherefore that Protestant complicity with it ought notto be rated like Catholic complicity with a vice somean and vulgar as gambling? Let us then takeanother instance. Lying, surely, is a vice as mean and vulgar as gambling.Yet the clerical conductors of the "religiouspress" (so called) are accustomed to tell gross falsehoodsrespecting prominent abolitionists, such as WilliamLloyd Garrison, Parker Pillsbury and TheodoreParker, and against radical reformers generally, andthen to refuse insertion to the refutation of those calumnies.Moreover, the same persons, in the sameorgans, are accustomed constantly to misrepresent, andwhen this proves insufficient, directly to be, in defenceof the theological hypotheses of their creed.For instance: it is only by such deliberate and persistentlying, in opposition to Scripture as well as to reasonand history, that the institution falsely called "theChristian Sabbath" is maintained. Is this charge, against a body of men so large andreputable as the conductors of the "religious press,"too vague, comprehensive and indefinite? Well, I willgive an instance. Rev. Parsons Cooke, of Lynn, has, for a quarter ofa century, (more or less,) used his editorship of religiouspapers in the manner above described, utteringmalignant calumnies against men and women engagedin reformatory labors, and then shutting out the refutationof them from his columns. Passing by his numerous false accusations againstthe excellent men above named, I will give the followingas a specimen of his impudent and persistent mendacity:— Many years ago, shortly after a great public debatehad drawn attention to the fact that the German andEnglish Reformers (Calvin, Luther, Melancthon, Tyndaleto Martyr, Bunyan, Baxter and others,) werethoroughly opposed to that doctrine respecting "TheSabbath in which is now preached from Orthodoxpulpits, Rev. Parsons Cooke found it needful, for theinterests of his order, to bring discredit upon this fact,and to check a belief which would tend to thin his congregation.Trusting to the probability that none ofhis hearers or readers possessed the complete works ofeither of the above writers, he impudently deniedthat they were Anti-Sabbatarians. And, clenchingthis general lie with a special one, he quoted a passagefrom Calvin's "Institutes," reversing Calvin's meaningby the interpolation of two clauses forged by himself, andrepresenting the whole as a correct translation fromCalvin. This he published in his paper, The Puritan,and would not allow the insertion of any statement ofthe error, or even of the genuine passage, which I carriedto his office immediately after this publication.It thus became impossible to bring to the eyes of hisreaders the proof, either of the falsehood or forgery hehad committed; and they probably believed his accusationsof falsehood against the men who had proved, bylarge and correct quotations, the Anti-Sabbstism ofCalvin, Luther, Molsnothon and others. reversing Calvin's meaningby the interpolation of two clauses forged by himself The Puritan his and correct From that time to the present. Dr. Cooke has beenaccustomed to defend the doctrine and policy of hisorder by representations flagrantly false in fact, andgrossly calumnious against men and women engagedin the work of reform, refusing to admit into his paperreplies to these falsehoods and calumnies. refusing to admit into his paperreplies to these falsehoods and calumnies. The unwonted appearance in his paper, somethingmore than a year ago, of a appeal to remain and tofree discussion, for the settlement of controverted pointsin theology, the astounding impudence of the inquiry,from such a man, why the opponents to whom he hadalways refused a hearing used sneers instead of arguments,induced me to offer him the following for publication:— remain free discussion To the Editor of the Recorder: To the Editor of the Recorder Sir—I find in your paper of December 8th an editorialarticle, apparently written in serious adman, entitled,"Scoffing at Divine Truth." You not only assume that an"inborn hatred of God's truth" exists among the people ofthis country, but you find (you say) a habit of meaningat stored truth," of manifesting "contempt of God andhis truth," of "taking it for granted, as a first principle,that the Gospel doctrines have had their day, and areto be rejected at castoff garments." And, remonstratingagainst this habit of scoffing and mooring, (which you representas common, and as becoming mere common,) you appealto reason and Scripture in the following terms:— mere "What is the argument of main resort against evangelicaltruth, both in the pulpit and by the press, among itsprofaned opponents? It is not argument drawn fromScripture. For in these days, sects opposed to the doctrinesof the Cross make little use of the Scriptures. Noris it a serious appeal to reason." "Do you say that you are thoroughly and rationallyconvinced that those old dogmas are indeedfounded in delusion, and therefore that the Gospel thatcontains them is a farce? Than, at becomes rational andserious men, give the rational proofs that have led you tothose convictions. Let us have solid reason instead ofsneers. If there were no God in the case, it is an insultto men to sneer at their sacredly cherished sentiments.But if then sentiments are delusions, and you have a superiorpenetration of reason by which yon can snow it,too would do a kindness seriously to relate oar doctrines.But your roofs and sneers can neither refute nor be refuted." Though I am not familiar with persons, or writings, orspeeches, of the sort described in the above quotations fromyour article, I will take for granted, on your representation,that some such persons and things exist. Bat, havingbeen, all say life, intimately familiar with the "religions"periodical prow, I find the state of things of whichyou complain accounted for by one pretty uniform characteristicof the management and policy of that press, formore plausibly than by the assumption of an "inbornhatred of God's truth" as the exciting cause. If the persons of whom you speak do not (as yon say) makeappeal either to reason or to Scripture, perhaps the reasonis, that your columns and those of your associates are closedagainst any statement at once fair and full (or area moderatelyapproaching those characteristics) in which eitherreason or Scripture is urged against your position. Perhapsit is because that opposite party have so often vainlytried to obtain the insertion in those columns, of a juststatement of their position, that they have given it up ashopeless! Perhaps their despair of fairness on your parthas been confirmed by the custom of the "religions"press for instance, we will say, of the editorial and theCongregationalist—to publish, in their editorial columnsand elsewhere, things grossly false in defence of their ownsystem, and things grossly false and calumnious in regardto the systems, the characters, the persona, the speechesand the writings of others, and then by refuse correction ofthese falsehoods, even when accompanied by complete andthorough documentary evidence. against your position. Congregationalist and then by refuse correction ofthese falsehoods, even when accompanied by complete andthorough documentary evidence. If, still further, these "religious" presses hare been accustomed,under occasional argent contingencies, to falsifyevidence in their own defence for instance, to interpolatematerially qualifying clauses in quotations, purporting tobe from some authority respected by their readers, or toquote, eulogizing it as high authority, some dictum whichexamination proves to be a thorough and deliberate imposture—and then to refuse insertion to a correction of suchcheats—would not this help to account for some acerbity ofexpression in the persons thus dealt with? dictum and then to refuse insertion to a correction of suchcheats If, after repeated experience of this sort of injustice,after repeated exclusion from your columns of their appealsto reason or to Scripture, or to both united, such personshave expressed the contempt which an ingenuous mindwould naturally feel for such conduct, and have also expresseda similar contempt for the doctrines which requiresuch means for their defence, (or, at any rate, which youand year brethren of the "religious" press habituallydefend by such means,) is this strange? Is it very censurable?And will not this state of things account (perhaps)for all the occasions in which you have found"sneers" used, instead of appeals to reason? all Your friend and servant for the truth, CHARLES K. WHIPPLE. Boston, Dec. 15, 1859. The publication of this article was refused by Dr.Cooke, the junior editor stating also, as hit objection toit, that be did not like to see the Recorder put on alevel with the Congregationalist! Recorder Congregationalist! The later performances of Dr. Cooke have beenthe printing of a pro-slavery sermon, preached in celebrationof the President's Fast, and reiteration ofgrossly calumnious statements against Theodore Parker;and, latest of all, an ebullition of vulgar scurrilityagainst a lady, his superior alike in learning andwisdom, justice and generosity, intelligence and excellence,because she is maintaining the rights of hersex, the welfare of both sexes, and the liberty withwhich Christ makes free, against the narrow selfishnessof a priestly class, who, for the perpetuation oftheir own usurped authority, would keep the men andwomen of the nineteenth century in subjection to a"ministration of death," devised among a half-civilizedpeople, in an age long antecedent to the first century.—C.K.W. first 

 CAMBRIDGE, January 29th, 1861. AMBRIDGE WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON, ESQ.: ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON SQ. MY DEAR SIR,—In connection with the words ofcommendation with which you honor my discourse onthe late national triumph of liberty, you very warmlydissent from some of my remarks concerning yourcourse as an eminent leader in the great reform. Ishould not hare thought of defending my statementsagainst your censure, in your own columns or elsewhere,did you not invite, nay, urge me to do so. Iwrote those brief sentences with great carefulness, forI was anxious to say nothing that would indict painupon any lover of this cause, and especially upon yourself,whom I have long recognized as its originator,under God. Upon my reviewing my few remarks inthe light of your criticism, I still think they are truthful,generous, cordial. I know that was the spirit inwhich they were spoken. As you demand with greatearnestness answers to the questions you there ask,and as this demand is necessarily made upon me, I donot feel at liberty to shrink from it, however delicateand disagreeable it may be to comply. Y EAR IR In almost the only conversation I ever had the privilegeof holding with you, when I dissented from yourcourse in respect to the Church, sad especially in respectto evangelical religion, you replied, that you desiredno endorsement from any one farther than hisconscience led him, and added these solemn words:"So, then, every one of as must give account of himselfunto God." Most reverently do I accept thistruth, and shall endeavor to discharge the duty towhich you summon me, under the holy light of thatsolemn declaration. Before I proceed farther, permit me to correct anerror into which you were led by a similarity of names.lam set the editor of the Zion's Herald, but merely amember and stationed preacher of the N.E. Conference.I do not wish that my words should he supposedto have any such authority as might attend theutterances of an official representative of my Church.They must stand or fall on their owa merits. Youalso remark that my "relation to that Church 'wouldbe more honored in the breach than in the observance,'until it ceased to welcome slaveholders to its communiontable, as tree Methodists, and brethren and sistersin the Lord." That Church has declared slaveholdingto be contrary to the Bible and its book ofdiscipline; so that every minister is really forbiddento "welcome" such sinners to the Lord's table.White we have no power nor desire to prevent anypersons from coming to this free and open table, whochooses to answer for himself the Christian invitation,following in this, the ordinance of the Apostle, we cannot,as Methodist ministers, "welcome" them. I havesuffered a slaveholding Doctor of Divinity to sit in mycongregation for months together without once askinghim to enter my pulpit, or consecrate and administerthe sacred symbols of the Divine Love and SacrificeI think I am without offence in this matter, even beforeso rigid an anti-slavery tribmal as your own.Letting these things pass, allow me to examine yourobjections in the order in which they are made. Zion's Herald You first censure me for not giving a sketch, at leastof the conflicts which " sprang up among the youngphilanthropists" at the beginning of this movement.You seem to think my silence was intended as a reflectionupon you. I beg leave to say that I had nosuch intention. I only stated a lamentable fact, whichevery reader of the Emancipator and Liberator of thatperiod knew too well. I expressed to opinion as tothe right or wrong of either party. I confess you hadsome reason to suppose I sympathized with your opponents,because in my next sentence there is a reflectionupon a subsequent course of action, of which youbase a second complaint. I say, "the consciencegrowing demanded the privilege of expressing itselfat the ballot-box. This was resisted by Mr. Garrison."This you partially deny. I can glad to be corrected ofan error into which I had fallen. I had supposed tillI read your remarks, that you had from the beginningopposed bringing the question to the polls; and thatyou had done so not chiefly because of the pro-slaverycharacter of the constitution, but because you consideredmoral suasion to be the only means proper tobe used in the conflict. But though privately miss.takes, my published statement did you no wrong.For that merely stated the fact that this demand wasresisted, and gave no reason for the opposition. Yousay the omission did you injustice, because I seem toplace you in antagonism to the conscience of others,without expressly saying that you acted under theguidance of an equally earnest conscience. I neverasserted or imagined that your conscience was less activethan theirs. Errors in judgment, as every onefeels, often coexist with the most powerful workingsof conscience. No one in this land, whatever be hisposition on this question, doubts Mr. Garrison's faithfulnessto his conscience. The wildest slavery maniacof the South, his meanest apologist of the North, themillions of earnest foes of the system they defend, allacknowledge that nothing but the mighty presence of"stern Duty, daughter of the voice of God." couldhave supported you in the long and bitter conflict. Ibelieve that you and Mr. Gerrit Smith are equally conscientiousin your perfectly antagonistic views of theConstitution. I believe the great mass of Abolitionistsare equally conscientious in their view, half way betweenthese extremes. They concede that the Constitutionhas tow articles that were intended to yieldslight privileges to slavery, which privileges ought not,in honor, to be interfered with by legislation. Butevery letter, aside form these concession, and itswhole spirit, in spite of them, is alive with the presenceof Freedom. "A covenant with death, and anagreement with hell," is, as the Prophet declared it tobe, and open and earnest alliance with sin for the sakeof sin. The two provisions which make these concessionswere wrung out of our fathers against theirprayers and protestations. They abhorred the systemthat demanded them. It was no more such a covenantas Isaiah rebukes, than is yours such, when you practically"agree" with a master for the purchase of hisslave, as your honorable subscription to many a poorslave's solicitations shows you to have done. yousubmit to the apparent "covenant" for the sake of thereal good you can thus alone effect. They submittedwith equal reluctance and with as great abhorrence ofslavery to the apparent covenant, only because theyconsidered that a untied country and continent, on theprinciples of universal liberty and equality, could andwould be conformed in practice to these principles.They were careful too offset their minute grants by suchcounter-act as the suppression of the Foreign SlaveTrade, the right of habeas corpus and trial by jury, theOrdinance of 1787, and especially by a preamble whichis so full and glorious a statement of the loftiest aimsand duties of government, that, had their sons been asfaithful to its spirit as were they, would have long sincedestroyed the power of its petty, black-letter concessions,and filled the whole land, as it shall yet be filled,by its own native force, with the beauty and strengthof perfect liberty. Emancipator Liberator principles practice habeas corpus The third ground of complaint is more grievous,and, by its demands, constrains me to a more painfulduty. I say, "Led by his love of free speech, he permittedsome of his leading associates to burden the'animosus infuans' with gross infidelities and social absurdities."surdities." Your remark: "We deny the charge, andcall for evidence. None of our 'leading associates'have sought to do arry such thing. They have advocatedthe anti-slavery cause on its own merits, andhave not sought to burden it with any extraneousquestion. Nor is it for us to 'permit' them to doeither this or that. They are of age, and can speakfor themselves. When Mr. Haven will point out thegross infidelities and social absurdities to which he refers,we will give them our gravest consideration. Tillthen, the imputation is a stub in the dark." This is afrank and full denial of my assertion. Let us franklyconsider it. You will notice that I do not censure thecourse of all your leading associates. Some of themare entirely free from both of these charges. Manyof those residing in this vicinity are as guiltless in respectto the latter accusation as any other persons ofculture and social position. The most famous of theseassociates has not been guilty, so far as I am aware, ofan infidel or "absurd" utterance. He is too indiscriminatein his assaults on the Church and clergy fortheir anti-slavery unfaithfulness, but never assail theircreed or calling. He included them all under condemnation,that he may have mercy upon none. Heforgets that in 1885, before he joined your ranks, thebody of which I have the honor to be a member, organizedan anti-slavery society on the broadest ground ofimmediate emancipation, and elected delegates to theGeneral Conference, who began then the great fightwhich has passed into all the churches, and resulted inmany victories. He falls to recognize the fact thatthis oariest action has not only never been reversed,but has been adopted by a majority of our Conference;so that to-day there are thousands of Methodist preachersas good and true Abolitionists as any of the chosenfew whom he carefully excepts from his sweepingwrath. But this defect in knowledge or honesty isnever united with the more offensive and dangerouserrors into which others have fallen. animosus infuans You will also notice that I give you the full benefitof the only defence I ever heard you make for"permitting" without hindrance, and without rebuke,the intrusion of these topics into the Liberator and themeetings of the American Anti-Slavery Society, namely:free speech, a free press, a free platform. You askfor proofs. Many names and facts arise in my mind,but the utterance of them would only lead me into apainful and profitless controversy. In the very paperin which this demand is made, is a communicationfrom one of these "leading associates," who has utteredin many meetings of your Society and in thecolumns of the Liberator, most fearful blasphemiesagainst the Bible, the Church, " the glorious Gospel ofthe blessed God," has advocated many social absurditiesin "the conduct of life," and been especially offensiveto all truly cultured natures in his assaults onthe sacred ordinance of marriage. Liberator Liberator The very next editorial to the one in which youmake the above denial has this remark concerning theWord of God, in a review of Rev. Mr. White's sermon:"Its assertion [that of the Sermon] that 'everycause must stand or fall by the verdict of the Bible'indicates a tread-mill reverence or a traditional credulity,and not close, independent thinking. We totallydissent from this postulate. The Bible has settlednothing in theology, science, morality, or religion, beyondthe prevailing opinions of the times. Neitherhuman rights nor human obligations originate with ordepend upon any thing in the Bible." Similar remarksconcerning other axioms of historic, Biblical,vital Christianity are found in the same article.They are, in my judgment, "grossly infidel" Bythis I mean, they are in violent hostility to the expressdeclaration of the Universal Church, and of the Bibleitself. If they are true, infidelity is true, and notits opposite, faith. If false, they an the worst offalsehoods. I was greatly pained, a few years since, to hear yousay, in the Melodeon, that the evangelical religion,which you truly said was the faith of the nation, wasso bound up with the system of slavery, that the onlyway to destroy this monster was to destroy that faith.I thought you had forgotten that the earliest anniversariesof the same Society were conducted almost exclusivelyby ministers and members of evangelical,churches, most of whom hare kept that early faith andterror, though they cannot honorably appear on thatplatform. It was also forgotten that this same Society,in 1886, by a unanimous vote, appointed a day offluting and prayer for the extirpation of slavery: and .it was especially forgotten that the meeting connectedwith this Society, which was the first that was brokenup by a Boston mob headed by a Boston Mayor, wasan anti-slavery prayer meting. Though the mobs andMayors of Boston yet honor you, and disgrace themselvesand their city, with their contemptible assaultsupon free speech and the cause in which you so faithfullyuse that "liberty of prophesying," yet I fear itwill be some time before an evangelical prayer-meetingof the American Anti-Slavery Society is againthus infamously interrupted. If the Managers of thatSociety would appoint one, I have no doubt a greatmultitude of Christians would gladly be present, andshare with them the godly pleasure, and, if need be,the ungodly persecutions of the hour. Why can theynot revive this practice at the coming Anniversaries?But I should be justly accused of timidity, the lastfault which the Liberator pardons, if I failed to mentionthat one of your "leading associates" who has butlately left us. AU the others must pale their ineffectualfires before the lurid blaze of this baleful star. prayer meting. No one can surpass me in admiration of the talents,learning or seal in the Anti-Slavery cause ofTheodore Parker. No one can deplore more sorrowfullyhis "gross infidelity." It infected all his publiclift, lie never separated his literary or reformatoryefforts from his anti-Christian teachings. In his Letterto his Society, he boasts that through these channelshe constantly poured this stream. It may be said thathis religious doctrines had nothing to do with his servicein the cause of Freedom. This is hardly so.They were ventilated in almost every anti-slavery addresshe ever delivered. They largely absorbed hisletters and addresses to the Progressive Friends, whichwere published in the Liberator with words of approval.He was never publicly rebuked by that journalfor these gross infidelities. And when he died, its eulogies,as well as those of the Society it represents,were unbounded, were indiscriminate. Nay, not so.Some of them discriminated in favor of the dreadfulerrors it had been the chief labor of his life to upbuild.In view of these and many other painful facts,I can but think my remark was true. I have read theLiberator many times, and I have rarely looked into itscolumns, that my faith as a Christian, the faith of Pauland John, of Polycarp and Ignatius, of Luther and thePilgrim Fathers, of Wesley and Wilberforce.of CharlesT. Torrey and John Brown, of myriads upon myriadsof saints and martyrs, that glorious, that divine, thateternal faith, has not been shocked by the profaneskepticisms that were permitted to corrode its pages. Liberator Liberator " 'Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis, 'tis true." Your last complaint is, that I reflect upon your pietyin my remark about Wilberforce. A typographicalmistake of your printer has led you into an error inthis paragraph. I say, "Would that, in his sphere ofeffort, and to the measure of his large abilities and influence,he had kept this liberty from becoming licentiousness!"He prints "this," "his, "and you think Irefer to you as personally guilty. I did not, but onlylamented that, by your rebuke, or, at least, by yourdefence of the faith once delivered to the saints whenit was thus put to open shame, you had not constrainedthese enemies of our Lord and His Christ to ceasetheir public clamor, if not their secret hate. this Only one sentence reflects upon your character.The others criticise your conduct—a fate to whichevery public man is necessarily exposed. The onethat suggests a moral defect is that last sad prayer,"Would that he, like Wilberforce, had kept his heartsweet with prayer and piety through the whole of thisgreat war." I cannot see the heart, and may havemisjudged you in that remark. I shall be most happyto make confession if I have done you wrong. Ibelong to a church that believes works are as essentialas faith, and our Savior says, "By their fruits ye shallknow them." As a believer in the divine inspirationand authority of all the- Holy Scriptures, in the stonementof Christ, in the impossibility of escaping eternalpunishment from our just and loving Redeemer,"if we neglect so great salvation," what must be myconclusion as to the spiritual condition of a great philanthropist,when I see him admitting to his journal,for years 'together, and defending in his editorial columns,either by himself or his subordinates, doctrineswhich assail and would fain overthrow these all-importanttruths? What must I think of his "prayerand piety," when I see him a regular attendant onSabbath services which are almost exclusively devotedto this work? Was the piety of Wilberforce of thisstamp f Did he sit, a quiet, if not a sympathetic listener,while his minister denounced with the most unsparinginvective the revival of God's work, and declaredthe operations of the Holy Spirit to be but thecunning devices of the ministers of Jesus Christ?No equal torrent of blasphemous infidelity pouredforth from the eruptive craters of Voltaire andPaine, both great philanthropists and reformers. Farless did their lava flow over such great and gracioustruths as did that which burst forth from Music Hallin those anti-revival sermons; sermons, I fear, whichhad the approval of the Liberator. Voltaire assailed adead and putrid form of Christianity; Paine struck atthe Bible when French infidelity was tainting theChurch with its rottenness. Parker struck at theChurch in her highest possible work; struck at herwhen God was prospering that work in a wonderfulmanner; struck at the work itself, denying it, ridiculingit, by caricature, by misrepresentation, bymingling the errors of some of its devotees with itsown matrons and perfect beauty. It was as if be hadcharged Moses with idolatry because the Israelitesfell into this sin, or Christ with profanity because hischief apostle once swore. And yet these discourses,which, with that dying Letter, will yet make all hisfriends bleed to their very hearts, with shame andsorrow, are approved in the pages of the Atlanta, byanother at these "leading associates." years Liberator. Atlanta No record of silent acquiescence in such fatal heresiesmars the memory of Wilberforce. He laboredand wrote for evangelical religion as actively as hewrought for human liberty. His "Practical View ofChristianity," an earnest appeal for the truths and theexperience of the Gospel, is issued, unernasculated, byeven the traitorous Tract Society of New York. Hispraise was in all the churches, and his support therealso, while the ungodly raged against him. I fearmy dear air, that yon do not desire such a record asthis. Would to God yon had it I Would to God thatthat earliest appeal to, reliance on, and sympathy withthe Church and the ministry had never been abandoned!Would that you could yet see and enter thispath of human, no leas than heavenly duty and glory! I have no doubt of your future renown. I have nodoubt that your past and present persecution by basemen, some of whom are high in office, and are evenfalse professors of a perfect religion, will only makeyour name she more glorious in the blackness of shamethat will cover their memory. You hare never stroveso fiercely against the truth as it is in Jeans, as to destroyyour well-worn fame for your services and sacrificesfor the slave. Though yon have "permittedsome of your lending associates" to engage in thiswork, still your own eye has been so nearly single,your body so full of the blessed light of human emancipation,that I am confident yon will shams as thestars in the memory of this nation. I have said,more than once, in ay pulpit, that the Christian Abolitionistwill curve your form marble as a greatefulrecognition of your preeminent relation to thisgreat work. May they yet be able to place below thatstatue as glowing a tribute to your late but earnestfaithfulness in the cause of experimental piety, as theyassuredly will to your faithfulness in the cause ofabolitionism! Nothing pains me more, in this hour, when the gloriousobject which you revived, and in which youhave so mightily labored, seems so near its consummation,than to see your exclusion from the enthusiasticdevotion of the great multitude through which thatend is hastening. The name and presence of Wm.Lloyd Garrison ought to create a passion of reverenceand admiration far surpassing that which the name orpresence of Wm. H. Seward, or Charles Sumner, orHorace Greeley creates. Why does it not! Why dothe conquering millions ignore that name, and, as ifto avoid contamination, hasten to declare that they arenot of his household! Not because you adhere tomoral suasion: that would only increase the esteem ofChristians. Not because of your interpretation of theConstitution. This enthusiasm overleaps all constructionsof that document. Parties and politics are but anarrow channel in the great and wide sea. Not becauseyou have opposed all violent methods of attackingthis evil; not even because you have ably andoften rightly chastised Church and clergy, for theirtheir timidity and their complicity with this sin. Itsown members have applied the lash with equal zeal,if not with equal ability. Some of them are nowwearing her highest honors for their past and presentfidelity. all The cause lies deeper. It is, in my opinion, simplyand solely because you have, with silence, if not withapproval, "permitted some of your leading associatesto burden the cause with gross infidelities and socialabsurdities," and the people commit you to the errorsthey have taught. They have been allowed to wearyour name as a cloack for their sins. They may nothave assumed it; but it has been applied by others,and never disowned by you. I do not make apriestly stab." God forbid! I speak as a frail andsinful man,—caved, I trust, by grace, by grace alone.Most deeply do I regret the identification of yourname with the absurdities and abominations of thislittle clique, who seem to have reversed the apostolicinjunction, "In malice be ye children, but in understandingbe ye men," and have become children inunderstanding, men in malice, as they rage againstthe Church, the Bible, the Sabbath, the ordinance ofperpetual marriage, and other sacred and blessed figtsof God to man. Most gladly would I see you andothers, less worthy, yet pure and excellent, that surroundyou, abandoning this society of men of perverseminds, and of doctrines far more perverse, andstanding in your lot and place among those who wouldgratefully embalm your name with the holiest fragranceof Christian love. I have written with "a sad sincerity," You putme plain question, and, I doubt not, expected and desiredplain answers. I shall ever venerate you as thepioneer in America of the divine work, so near, Itrust, its completion. I am confident the Church andthe country, North and South, will yet so venerateyou. I pray and hope that they may yet be able tocrown their gratitude with the highest of honors,which descends from God on those alone who not onlylabor for the redemption of their fellow-men from thecruel yoke of human bondage, but labor none the lessfor their infinitely greater redemption from the farheavier yoke of sin and death, a salvation purchasedfor us by the blood of our Lord and Saviour, andoffered to all who will come unto God through Him.' With great respect, I remain yours for Christ andthe slave, G.H. 

 It seems most fitting and timely that yours, theoldest and most constantly reliable of our denominationaljournals, should embrace in its ample, well-filledcolumns a fuller account of the recently charteredinstitution above mentioned. Nearly a yearsince, you furnished a notice of what was intended;now you can report progress. Our New York Legislature,with unparalleled promptness and unanimity,have just incorporated the college, namingtwenty-nine trustees, to whom the management ofits concerns have been confined. The manificentfounder, Matthew Vassar, Esq.,—one of your regularsubscribers nearly forty years ago,—has devotedto the purpose of its endowment, a beautiful tract ofground, embracing two hundred acres, one or twomiles east of the city of Poughkeepsie. It is bisectedby an ample stream of the purest water, issuingfrom copious and never-failing springs, and intendedto form two beautiful lakes, for quiet and retiredboating in summer, and skating in winter. Betweenthe two there is a waterfall of fifteen or twenty feet,now used for a mill, and giving the name of "MillCove" to the estate. Easily will this water be carriedto the highest part of the college edifice, anddistributed to every apartment—a new but admirablefeature in college arrangements, promotive ofhealth and cleanliness. The principal edifice is already contracted for, andwill be commenced early in the spring. It is certainlythe noblest in plan, and the most complete inarrangements, ever devoted to educational purpose,in this, or perhaps any other country. It will presenta front of 500 feet, varying in depth from 40 to170 feet, admirably adapted to furnish all needfulpublic rooms, residence for the president and severalprofessors, and healthful, well-lighted and ventilatedprivate chambers, for about 300 pupils. This edifice,with its furnishing, is to cost about $200,000, andas much more will be made a permanent investment,for the support in part of instructors, [and some fewof the most deserving pupils, who may require thisaid,] so that founding of this establishment, includingthe ample grounds, will nearly reach theamount of $450,000. The founder's deeds will sufficientlypraise him, and I need not attempt it inpoor, inadequate words. deeds words. Though Mr. Vassar himself is a decided Baptist,he has wisely sought to combine with his own denominationa fair and able representation of all themore prominent evangelical bodies of differentnames; so that Methodists and Presbyterians, Episcopalians,Reformed Dutch and Friends, are allfound on the Board. Thus, like the constitution ofthe corporation of Brown University, it will combine,it is hoped, the excellences of all, and the exclusivenessof none. The amount of practical experienceand ability found in this Board has rarelybeen equaled in the inception of any literary institution.So far as the intentions of the founder andtrustees have been made known, their purpose is tospare no effort and care in securing the best instructors;and giving to them all needed facilities for thesuccessful performance of their duties. It is hopedthat, even at the beginning, it may be found practicableto secure females for at least one moiety ofthe professors. Already it is understood that a ladyof your own State, of high renown as an astronomerhas indicated a willingness to fill that chair. TheProfessor of Household Duties, of Physiology andthe Diseases of Women, must, of course, come fromthe same side. Music, drawing, and several others,might as well. But without going into these details,let it now suffice to say that a new era will certainlybe inaugurated when an institution of the highestorder in all respects is made available for women atan expense reduced to one-half its real cost, like thecolleges and universities now provided for males.Above all, it is hoped that Christianity of the heartand life, like what has been aimed at by Mary Lynt,at Mt. Holyoke, will be the culminating aim andglory of the institution. Then its motto might wellbe that of your own Harvard, "To Christ and theChurch;" and if unperverted, this and coming generationswill gratefully rejoice in it. A.B.C. Banks of the Hudson. Feb., 1861. —Correspondence of the Christian Watchman &Reflector. —Correspondence of the Christian Watchman &Reflector. 

 HIS Satanic Majesty abdicates his throne, and appointshis successor. Price, 2 cents single, $1 per 100. Address "Franklin," Liberator office, 221 Washingtonstreet, Boston. P.S. A sample forwarded to any address, post-paid, forone 3st. stamp enclosed. Feb. 13. 3t 

