 Sharp—(Southern Representative of 'Law').—Ihave come here to settle with yon for the outragesyon hare committed upon my rights. Sharp— Stupid.—(Northern Represented re of ' Liberty').—Lord lore yon! I never meant to violate your rights.I am a friend to the Union and the Constitution. Stupid. Sharp.—You hare violated the Constitution bybringing in question my right to my property. Sharp. Stupid.—Nay, I believe in it in your State.Sharp.—What is of value m my State most alsobe in yours, for the Constitution protects propertythroughout the Union. But you believe in an irrepressibleconflict. Stupid. Stupid.—You misrepresent me. Slavery becomesa subject of difference only when it leads to a lust forpower. Stupid. Sharp.—Indeed! Ton will presently make It outthat sickness is an evil only when h deprives us ofhealth. Stay at home with your empty phrases! Iwill have my right to slavery as well as to power.Here is a revolver,—what offer will you make! Sharp. Stupid.—I did mean, to be sure, that the time forcompromises was past, but I was n't thinking of revolvers.O, I 'm quite ready for a compromise.Your property shall be protected, and whoever attacksh, hanged. Stupid. Sharp.—That's understood, of course. What more? Sharp. Stupid.—You shall have a part of the territories. Stupid. Sharp.—I must have them all, if I want. Sharp. Stupid.—Slavery shall be sacred in your State. Stupid. Sharp.—It shall be so in yours too. Sharp. Stupid.—I will hunt your slaves, if I may only puton gloves. Stupid. Sharp.—I will have power to hunt yon yourself, andthat without gloves, but with the cowhide. Sharp. Stupid.What mere, then, shall I do to appeaseyour wrath! I only desire to act for peace andunion. Demand what you will. Stupid. Sharp.—My black slaves are not enough for me. Iwilt have while ones, and you shall be the first. Sharp. Stupid.—If the Union demands it, so be it; for, beforethe Union, everything else must give way. Sharp.—Come here! let me handcuff you, and,that I may sec if you have devotion, patience andcourage, lay yourself over that bench, and I willcount out to you half a hundred by way of trial. At'every stroke do you cry out, enthusiastically: Hurrahfor the Union! Sharp. 

 Whether President Buchanan, when he appointed apublic fast, was heathen enough to suppose that theCreator of the universe would make an exception ofus, any more than of any other wicked people whorun counter to unswerving justice, we cannot tell.We have nothing to do with James Buchanan's theoryof piety. If has proclamation was snored by a sincereheart, well. But whether it was or not, it affordedthe American pulpit an ostensible reason far speakingout far once, on the great national sin. That the public has been altogether too silent, onthis subject, there cab be no doubt. Is there say goodreason why Christian ministers, whose business it isto teach in all matters of morality and religion, shouldnot hold up the great fact of American Slavery, andexamine it in the light of Christian truth? It notthis a duty which they owe, both to their people andthe country? If, according to Vandyke, Palmer andAdams, the institution is God-given, or if it be fromhell, the sooner we know it the better. If we are toadopt the creed, that it is a "trust committed to us byProvidence," and that it is a Christian duty to perpetuateand extend it now and hereafter, because it isgood for the slave and for the world, and for thestronger reason that it has the sanction of Scripture—then let the people understand it. If we are to adaptthe opposite creed, as held by Cheever, Beechar andKirke, then pray let all these gentlemen, and the professionthey represent, on a subject so momentous,give us the arguments, pro and eon, that we, the led,the taught, the instructed, may be able "to give a reasonfor the faith that is in us." If "infidel," "vituperative" abolitionists, "infatuated"men and women who trust to the guidance oftheir own simple minds and honest hearts, rather thanto the maxims of politicians and a hard theology, hareheretofore done the loud talking and hard fighting, innot always the most graceful manner, or so acceptablyto the clergy, then why may not the latter take upthe work of putting the great question of the age onwhat they deem a proper footing? All abolitionistswish, or ever desired, is that the people should simplyopen their eyes, and look at the picture slavery presents,and then to interpret and pronounce upon it accordingto their own "sweet will." Let the public,South and North, exhaust the Scripture argument;and as we hare had, in times past, a literal devil anda literal bell, we may now be compelled to acknowledgea literal system of oppression, engineered by agod no less conspicuous for his demoniacal amiabilitiesthan the arch-fiend himself. If Drs. Palmer andVandyke are doctors of Southern divinity, then itmay be that their god and our devil are identical, andthe position of their followers will so for be dearlydefined in future. It is to be hoped that the clergy will feel free to discussthis great subject hereafter, from their point ofview. If they do not, then they must not complainif "infidel" abolitionists continue to work on in theirway, to rid both the American Church and State ofthe one great obstacle to success. As the breachwidens between the two sections of country, thoughtfulpeople arc beginning to see that a union betweenfreedom and slavery is simply impossible. Every daywill strengthen this conviction; and it is time honestmen should feel themselves at last compelled to usetheir influence to induce such action as shall best comportwith a truth so plain. It is inexcusable in anyclass of men whose professional habits fit them forInvestigation, to withhold a candid consideration ofthis great question. Every man who traces our presentdivisions to the discussion or "agitation" of thisgigantic question, should ask himself whether theagitation would have taken place if the fact, in all itsenormity, had not first existed. Abolitionism andpersonal liberty bills are but the remote effects of acause, which it is a duty to examine, and, if possible,to remove. Can any rational man fail to see thatthere is bat one cause of present alienation betweenNorth and South? Geographical position, commerce,climate, race, literature, religion, can furnish no solutionof the difficulty. But for slavery, and this alone,the mission of this great country would be fulfilled, ina successful demonstration of the theory of self-government.Abolitionism has seen this; and when ithas uttered the voice of warning, the cry has been,"Crucify it!" The future historian win do this movementjustice. fact But for the indifference of the American Pulpit tothis great evil, during the hut ten years, the cause ofour present troubles would be far better understood byall classes of men; and it is possible that, in additionto a hearty conviction of the wrong of slavery, weshould now be anxiously considering, in the spirit ofamity, a plan for the abolition of slavery which wouldcommend itself to a distracted country. If it be nottoo late, let clergymen of all denominations seriouslyconsider what they may do, in future, to throwlight on this subject, as moral and religious teachers. Whatever disasters may come upon us now, we donot despair of having a Union, not indeed of free andslave States, but such a Union as may well take placewhen slavery shall have been heartily acknowledgedas a wrong, and the resources of the country madeavailable to devise and peaceably to execute a planwhich shall do justice to all parties, while it rids thecountry of the great cause of all our woes. If "despotic"Russia can liberate 40,000,000 of serfs, cannotrepublican America liberate 4,000,000 slaves? Letthe wise and the good of all sections of the countryreason together, not for the extension, but for the extinctionof slavery. W. 

 ☞ TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ☞ Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected, (POST-PAID) to the General Agent. ☞ Advertisements inserted a the rate of the five perline. ☞ The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areare authorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentleman constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any of thepaper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, EDMUND QUINCY, EDMUNDJACKSON, and WENDELL PHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 A.—I am weary of life, and should like much to behanged or killed; but I could wish first to commitsome set worthy of the gallows. What shall I do?At the South here, it is now a difficult matter toearn for one's self a claim to a halter. We hare herenow the greatest of criminals, who does not deservethe gallows, and does not thirst after blood. B.—Kill some travelling Northerner, the most innocentpossible. A.—Then I should be elevated, not to the gallows,but to the captaincy of the militia. B.—Then commit high treason, and surrender yourselfto Mr. Buchanan. A.—In that case, I should run the risk of beingmade Minister. B—Well, then, go to the free dues,—New York orBoston, for example,—and make a speech againstblood-thirsty slavery, and you will be sure of beingkilled under the protection of the law, because you—"thirst after blood."—Ibid. Ibid. 

 ☞"What elder of man under the most absolute ofmonarchies, or the most aristocratic of republics, was overinserted with such an odious and unjust privilege as thatof the separate and exclusive representation of thanhalf a million owners of slaves, in the Hail of this House,in the chair of the Senate, and in the Presidential mansion?This investment of power in the owners of onespecies of property contrasted in the highest authorities,of the nation, and disseminated through thirteen of thetwenty-six States of the Union, constitution a privilegedorder of men in the community, mere adverse to the rightsof all, and mere perniciousto the interest of the whole,than any order of nobility ever known. To call governmentmost thus constituted a Democracy is the insult the understandingof mankind. . . . It is doubly tainted with theinfection of riches and of slavery. There is no man inthe language of national jurisprudence that can define it—no modal in the record of ancient history, or in the politicaltheories of Aristotle, with which can be likened.  Itwas introduced into the Constitution of the United Statesby an eluviations—a representation of property under thename of persons. Little did the member of the Conventionfrom the Free State imagine under the mask of this concession."—JOHN QUINCY ADAMS. OHN UINCY DAMS. 

 "Mr. Seward," says the Daily Advertiser, "escapesthe dangerous praise of the Liberator by hispatriotic speech." This strikes us as rather a dangerousremark, in connection with the well knownfact that Mr. Sumner and Gov. Andrew are nevernamed by the Liberator but with the most generousand unqualified praise. These gentlemen are to becongratulated for a strength of political constitutionwhich enables them to survive these dangerous dosesof Abolition praise. The Liberator does not praiseMr. Seward, as will he seen by the following liberalextract from their editorial article commenting uponhis recent speech. Daily Advertiser Liberator Liberator Liberator We ask our readers to ponder carefully these tellingand effective sentences, and to ask themselveswhether there is not a good deal of truth as well asof force in them. They serve to show the degree ofpower which a man like Mr. Garrison wields, whoplants himself upon an immutable principle, andfirmly stands there, regardless of consequences. Andthe power which such a man wields is irrespective ofthe fact whether this principle be right or wrong,wise or unwise. Mr. Garrison's principle is oppositionto African slavery. For this alone lie lives.Slavery is to him not only the greatest of evils, butthe only evil. Frankly and boldly he is laboring forthe dissolution of the Union, on the ground that it ismorally wrong to form any political association witha slaveholding community. To him the Constitutionis "a covenant with death and an agreementwith hell;" all slaveholders are pirates and man-stealers;John Brown was the noblest and bravestof heroes; and all compromises of moral principleare inadmissible. His path of duty lies as clear beforehim as the travelled highway. He has notemptation to turn to the right hand or the left. Hehas no doubts, no misgivings, no questionings. Onward,straight onward, like the flight of an arrowthrough the air, does he move to his aim. It is notnecessary for us to disclaim all sympathy with theends and objects for which Mr. Garrison lives. Tous, he and his party are all wrong; but they areconsistently, manfully, and resolutely wrong. Wenever read a speech or an article of Mr. Garrison'swithout a consciousness of the power which his deepand fervid convictions give him. Ami in this aspectand relation, we recognize in him a certain superiorityover a man like Mr. Seward. The incurableweakness of Mr. Seward's position is that he is everhalting between two opinions. The task he has setto himself is this, to rouse the anti-slavery sentimentof the North just far enough to put the Republicanparty into power, and no farther. This fearfullycombustible and explosive power must be put inrequisition, but not a hair of the Constitution's headmust be singed, and the smell of fire must not heupon the Union. Mr. Seward wants a manageablewhirlwind, a storm that will blow his ship into harbor,and then cease to howl. Hence it comes thathis whole course as a statesman and a public man istainted with inconsistency and insincerity. He isobliged to say one thing at Washington, and anotherat Rochester: one thing in the spring, and anotherin the autumn. On the stamp be is bold, sharp anddecisive: in the Senate Chamber he is cautious, distractand conservative. He blows hot and cold: hespeaks with two voices: he backs and fills: he uttersa brave threat, and then seems to shrink hack fromthe echo of his own voice. We would undertake tomake up a cento from Mr. Seward's speeches duringthe last ten years, which would present as marked acontrast as the black and white squares of a chessboard. And this mournful inconsistency is the inevitablepenalty exacted from the leader of a party,the distinctive principles of which are inconsistentwith the continuance of this Union. The Republicanparty must abandon the principles on which andby which they have achieved success or this Unionis at end. Republican leaders and Republican editorsmay disclaim and protest, and abuse their opponents,and glorify themselves, and prattle abouttheir love of the Union and their reverence for theConstitution as much as they like; but here is justwhere we stand. The PEOPLE of the NorthernStates have come to the dividing of the ways; thequestion before them is just this; which do you prefer,the triumph of the Republican party or the continuanceof this Union?—Boston Courier. Boston Courier. 

 Demographic report for THE LIBERATOR by J.M.W. YERRINTON. HE IBERATOR ERRINTON. On Thursday, January 24th, at 10 A.M.,accordingappointment, the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Societymet at the Tremont Temple. At this hour, thehouse was nearly full with as quiet and orderly an as could be desired, very many of whom were. There was scarcely an indication of the riotousproceedings which followed. But at 11 1/2 o'clock,the gallery at the rear of the hall had become denselyfilled with a noisy and vulgar crowd, others of whompressed in at the corner doors beneath the gallery, tothe great inconvenience of those sitting there. Theyinterrupted the speaker by groans and howls from timeto time, giving occasionally three cheers for the Union,a way of variety.   FRANCIS JACKSON, the President, called the meetingto order. Rev. SAMUEL MAY, Jr., from the Committeeof Arrangements, then proposed, as assistant Secretaries—CHARLES K. WHIPPLE, WENDELL P. GARRISONand JAMES M.W. YERRINTON; and also the followingCommittees:— ACKSON AMUEL AY HARLES HIPPLE ENDELL ARRISON AMES ERRINTON Committee to Nominate the Society's Officer for 1861:— Committee to Nominate the Society's Officer for  Quincy, Dedham; William Ashby, Newburyport; Whiting, Concord; Benjamin Snow, Jr., Fitchburg;George Draper, Milford; Elias Richards, Weymuth;James M. Aldrich, Fall River; Joseph Ricketson,New Bedford; Josiah Hayward, Sales; Thomas J. Hunt,; J.B. Swasey, Boston; Charles E. Hodges, Dorchester;Joseph A. Howland, Worcester; Lemuel Stevens,Plymouth; Jacob Leonard, Boston; William I. Bowditch,Brookline.    Committee:—William Lloyd Garrison, WendellPhillips, Maria W. Chapman, L. Maria Child, Mary M., Sarah E. Wall, John T. Sargent, Charles C.,David Lee Child, Aidin Ballou, T.W. Higginson,Andrew T. Foss, Henry C. Wright, Frederick Frothingham, H. Heywood, John H. Stephenson, H. Ford Douglass. Committee    Finance Committee:—Samuel May, Jr., James N. ,Ebenezer D. Draper, Nathaniel B. Spooner, ElbridgeSprague, Miss Sallie Holley, Mrs. Benjamin Snow, Jr., Mrs.Frances H. Drake, Mrs. E.M. Randall, Joseph Merrill, L. Garrison, Jr. Finance Committee   Rev. SAMUEL MAY, Jr., then read the 94th Psalm,explaining that it was selected at the request of Mr.GARRISON, who had not yet recovered from his illness. AMUEL Prayer was then offered by Rev. ROBERT C. WASHINGTON. OBERT ASHINGTON. The Treasurer, EDMUND JACKSON, read his AnnualReport, as follows:— DMUND ACKSON TREASURER'S REPORT. Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, in account with EDMUNDJACKSON, Treasurer. Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, in account with DMUND ACKSON Treasurer.   DR. R. Table  Table  CR. R. Table  Table  EDMUND JACKSON, Treasurer. Treasurer. JAN. 16, 1861.—I have examined the foregoing account,and had the whole amounts received and paid, and the balancenow in the treasurer's hands, correctly stated, in theabove abstract. WM.I.BOWDITCH,Auditor. Auditor. The report was accepted. EDMUND QUINCY, Esq., then read the followingletter from Mr. Garrison:— LETTER OF WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON. BOSTON, January 24th, 1861. OSTON MR. DEAR COADJUTOR: For the last eighteen days, I have been a prisoner at, enfeebled by a fever of a low, typhoidal tendency;and though I am mending slowly, I am still not sufficiently to justify me, as a matter of common prudence, in present at our annual State gathering to-day. "The is willing," and restless for liberation, "but the fleshis weak."  I believe this will be the first of the long seriesof anniversaries held by the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety, which I have failed to attend—held "through report" and "much tribulation"—in storm and —in the midst of impending violence, or with undisturbedcomposure—but always held hopefully, serenely,triumphantly.  It is a great cross to me to break the at this crisis; especially as, judging from "the of the Adversary," to-day, will be themost encouraging and the most potential ever held by theSociety, whether broken up by lawless violence, or permittedto proceed without molestation. The cause we advocatebeing not ours, but God's—not ours, but human nature's—appealing to all that is just, humane, noble andtrue, and upheld by an omnipotent arm—it is beyond all, unconquerable and immortal; "therefore will notwe fear, though the earth be removed, and though themountains be carried into the midst of the sea."          May a Divine patience, firmness, and spirit of peace be to all the friends of impartial freedom who maybe present at the meeting to-day, not returning railing forrailing, but looking calmly and joyfully to the end of this conflict with the powers of darkness—namely,the liberation of every bondman on the American soil, andthenceforward the commencement of an era of universalreconciliation, happiness and prosperity, such, as the worldhas never yet witnessed.   Yours, to break every yoke, WM. LLOYD GARRISON. EDMUND QUINCY, Esq. DMUND UINCY On motion of Mr. QUINCY, it was voted that thisletter be printed with the proceedings of the meeting. UINCY WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq., made a partial report inbehalf of the Business Committee, presenting, fromthem, the following resolutions:— ENDELL HILLIPS 1. Resolved, Thai (to quote the language of DanielWebster) "the Anti-Slavery question has not only attractedattention as a question of polities, but it has strucka far deeper chord. It has arrested the religious feelingof the country; it has taken strong bold of the consciencesof men. He is a rash man indeed, little conversant withhuman nature, and specially has he a very erroneous estimateof the character of the people of this country, whosupposes that a feeling of this kind is to be trifled with ordespised. It will assuredly cause itself to be respected. Itmay be reasoned with; . . . but, to coerce it into silence—to endeavor to restrain its free expression—to seek to compressand confine it, warm as it is, and more heated as suchendeavors would inevitably render it—should all this beattempted, there is nothing in the Constitution, or in theUnion itself, which would not be endangered by the explosionwhich might follow." 2. Resolved, That (to quote the language of WilliamEllery Channing) "whoever injures a man, binds all mento remonstrate, especially when the Injured is too weak tospeak in his own behalf. The great bond of humanity isthe last to be dissolved. . . It is important that we should,each of us, bear our conscientious testimony against slavery,not only to swell that tide of public opinion which is tosweep it away, but that we may save ourselves from sinkinginto silent, unsuspected acquiescence in the evil." 3. Resolved, That (again to quote the language of the lamentedChanning) "communities are without excuse inaiding other States in binding on men an unrighteousyoke. On this subject, our fathers, in framing the Constitution,swerved from the right. We, their children, at theend of half a century, see the path of duty more clearlythan they, and must walk in it. . . The Free States oughtto say to the South, 'On you the whole responsibility ofslavery must fall. We wash our bands of it wholly. Wecannot, directly or indirectly, become accessories to thiswrong. We cannot become jailers, or a patrol, or a watch,to keep your slaves under the yoke. You must guardthem yourselves. If they escape, we cannot send themback. Our soil makes whoever touches it free. Yon mustguard your own frontier. In case of insurrection, we cannotcome to you, save at friends alike of bond and free.On this point yon are foreign communities. You haveoften said that you need not our protection, and we musttake you at your word.'" 4. Resolved, That (to quote the language of the Representativesof the District of District, Georgia, in the firstAmerican Congress,) "to show the world that we are notinfluenced by any contracted or interested motives, but ageneral philanthropy for ALL MANKIND, of whatever climate,language, or complexion, we hereby declare oar disapprobationand abhorrence of the unnatural practice ofslavery in America, (however the uncultivated state of ourcountry, or other specious arguments, may plead for it)—a practice founded in injustice and cruelty, and highly dangerousto our liberties, as well as lives—debasing part of ourfellow-creatures below men, and corrupting the virtue andmorals of the rest, and is laying the basis of that libertywe contend for, (and which we pray the Almighty to continueto the latest posterity,)upon a very wrong foundation." highly dangerousto our liberties, as well as lives 5. Resolved, That (to quote the language of HenryClay) 'those who would repress all tendencies towards libertyand ultimate emancipation, must do more than putdown the benevolent efforts of this Society. They must goback to the era of our liberty and independence, and inutilethe cannon which thunders its annual joyous return.They must revive the slave trade, with all its train ofatrocities. They must blow out the moral lights aroundus, and extinguish the greatest torch of all, which Americapresents to a benighted world, pointing the way to theirrights, their liberties, and their happiness. They mustpenetrate the human soul, and eradicate the light of reasonand the love of liberty. Then, and not till then, whenuniversal darkness and despair prevail, can you perpetuateslavery, and repress all sympathies and all humane and benevolentefforts among freemen, in behalf of the unhappyportions of our race who are doomed to bondage." Whereas, it is the 1st Article of the Constitution of Massachusetts,that "ALL MEN ARE BORN FREE AND EQUAL,and have certain natural, essential and inalienable rights;among which may be reckoned the right of enjoying anddefending their lives and liberties; that of acquiring, possessingand protecting property; in fine, that of seekingand obtaining their safety and happiness "; and LL MEN ARE BORN FREE AND EQUAL Whereas, in support of this declaration, the people ofMassachusetts require of their Senators and Representatives,and judicial and other public servants, to make solemnoath or affirmation; thus virtually binding themselves bythe same adjuration, and to the same end; and Whereas, all the abolitionism ever advocated by theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society, or any of its auxiliaries, Iscomprehensively embodied in this 1st Article of the Constitutionof Massachusetts; therefore, 6. Resolved, That the people of this Commonwealth cannotreject or assail the Anti-Slavery movement, with referenceeither to its principles or aims, without repudiatingtheir own Bill of Rights, subverting the foundations oftheir own State government, trampling upon their ownheaven-attested doctrines, and covering themselves with theguilt of moral perjury. The reading of the resolutions elicited frequentcheers. The President, FRANCIS JACKSON, said that thequestion was now on Die adoption of these resolutions,and that the platform wan open to any one who desiredto speak, for or against them. The rule of the Societywas free discussion, and he requested any one whowished to speak to come forward to the platform. RANCIS ACKSON Rev. JAMES FREEMAN CLARKE, pastor of the Churchof the Disciples, was the first speaker. He said:— AMES REEMAN LARKE They, being dead, yet speak! I am glad to hear aspeech from Dr. Channing here this morning. I amglad to hear Daniel Webster speak, as he spoke whenhe was in his best estate. I am glad to hear HenryClay speak here to-day, as Henry Clay spoke when inhis youth, when be loved freedom, and when his heartbeat high in behalf of human liberty. They aregone; we remain. We are to finish their work. Weare here to be faithful to their ideas. What is lifeworth, what is it good for, if it is not to see to truth,and to uphold some principle of truth, justice andhonor? We come here to-day, friends, because the timesare dark, and because, in these dark times, men aretrying to make them darker by shutting out the eternallights which come from God's heavens. (Applause.)Because they would substitute for these everlastinglights of justice to all and freedom for all,sine base, earth-born, swamp-created meteors of mereexpediency—which is not expediency, even for thepresent hour. (Applause.) I have come here to-day,not hoping to be able to add a word to what all of you,oil veterans in the cause of freedom, know already;but I come to give my simple witness in defence ofthose everlasting principles. 1 do not want to hearany thing new here to-day. I want to hear the samegreat truths, which you have been uttering now fortwenty-five years, uttered over again to day in thishall. (Applause.) not When I was asked, some time since, to attend themeeting in commemoration of the work of JohnBrown, (applause and hisses,) though I reverencedJohn Brown (renewed cheers and hisses) though Ibelieved him to be, perhaps, the noblest man whichthis country has produced, (vehement hisses and loudapplause,) a man in whom truth and justice were incarnated,(a voice—"Amen"—applause and hisses)—so that we beheld them in visible form before oureyes, yet I did not come, and I did not wish to come.I did not think it well to hold that meeting. (Applause.)I did not think it desirable at that time. Isaid "No; I had rather not attend;" and I did notcome. But if I had known what was to happen herethat day, I certainly would not have stayed away.—(Loud applause and some hissing.) If I had supposedfor a moment, that an attempt was to be made, here inBoston, to put down any honest expression of opinion,upon that or upon any other subject, in a meeting ofthat kind, certainly I never would have hesitated, fora moment, to come here, and stand with those menon this platform. (Cheers and hisses.) Whateverelse we can spare here in New England, we cannot dowithout free speech. (Loud applause.) That lies atthe foundation of all our rights—of every thing thatis worth having in the land. He who strikes a blowat Wendell Phillips, strikes a blew at the State ofMassachusetts. [Tremendous applause, with some hissing, wasthe response to this declaration. Some one here calledfor three cheers for Mr. Phillips, which were givenwith great heartiness, the opposition in the galleryresponding with a few feeble groans.] Mr. Clarke continued—Whoever attempts to interferewith freedom of speech here in Massachusetts,spits in the face of the mother who bore him.—Whence comes all your prosperity, but from that divineprinciple which has been won for us all by thestruggles and the martyrdoms of the ages? [Thedisturbance in the gallery here becoming uproarious,Mr. Clarke paused for a moment; and then said]—Don't mind them. If they want to make a noise, letthem! It reminds me of a story I have heard of awoman who was beating her husband, and when somebodyasked him if he was not ashamed to let his wifebeat him, the man said—"O no! it amuses her, and itdon't hurt me." (Laughter.) So, if they want to make anoise, let them do so, till they are tired. Freedom ofspeech, we all believe in, except when somebody wantsto speak who has something to say which is not popular,and then we don't want to hear it. But what isfreedom of speech worth when what I have to say ispopular, when everybody is willing that I shouldspeak? The only time that we are bound to stand upfor freedom of speech is when those who want tospeak are unpopular. Then noble-hearted men say,"They shall speak; they must speak; our rightsare involved in their speaking; the rights of man areinvolved in their speaking." (Applause and hisses.)The only real difference between Massachusetts andAustria, is that in Massachusetts we can open ourmouths and speak, and in Austria they cannot. Thatis the real, fundamental difference between Massachusettsand Austria. I remember that when I was onthe Lago di Maggiore, I was talking with the boatmanwho was rowing me—a noble-looking fellow—anApollo-sort of a man—about the two sides of thelake—the Austrian side, Lombardy, and the Piedmonteseside, Sardinia; and I said to him, "You row onboth sides—which side do you like best, the Lombardyside or the Sardinian?" "O," said he, "I likethe Sardinian side much the best." "Why?" "Because,"said he, with his natural Italian language ofillustration, "because there in Sardinia my mouth isopen—so; but there in Lombardy it is shut—so."That is the difference. When you pass out of thoseStates of Europe where liberty is repressed, wherethe newspapers are not allowed to utter their convictions,where there is no freedom of speech, and crossthe line into Belgium or into Sardinia, you find atonce an entirely different state of things—everythingthen is prosperous and progressive. Why, John Milton,and Locke, and Algernon Sidney, have built upthe prosperity of Massachusetts by putting the foundationsunder her cotton mills—have made all her littlevillages ring with the joy of triumphal and successfulindustry and the conquests of man over nature, becausethey convinced the Anglo-Saxon race that themouth of a man ought to be open, even when he isdefending unpopular truth. That is the basis of allour prosperity; and therefore I am here to-day, becauseto-day we are told that Anti-Slavery is unpopular;and when my friends said to me, "You had betternot go there to-day," I replied, "Why not?""Why," said they, "is not this a wrong time, is notthis a bad time, to hold a meeting of that sort?"(Applause and hisses.) "Why so? Because peoplewish to put it down, therefore it is the right time tohold it. What is the use of contending for freedomwhen nobody opposes its exercise! When its exerciseis opposed, then is the right time to stand up forit." (Applause.) so. to-day This Anti-Slavery Society is not doing a new thingin maintaining freedom of speech. On this platform,for twenty-five years, the slaveholder has been just asfree to defend slavery as the Abolitionists have beento oppose it. [The rowdies in the gallery here set up a shout of"All up!" and gave three cheers for the Union, forMayor Wightman, and any thing else that occurredto them. The well-disposed portion of the audiencealso rose, to see what was going on, when Mr. Hinton,mounting a chair on the platform, said—"Let all thefriends of freedom keep their seats. Don't stir fromyour seats at any rate." This request was compliedwith, and when the noisy rabble had become somewhatquieted, Mr. Clarke proceeded.] If there is any man in this assembly to-day whothinks that slavery is a good thing, he ought to bethe man to protect the right of free speech here; forthis u the place where, for twenty-five years, hisopinion has had a chance to be uttered and defended.I come here to-day for that—because this is the placewhere freedom of speech in Massachusetts is to bedefended; and I say, as I once heard Mr. Manning ofthe Old South Church say, when he went to a meetingof this sort, to which, he said, his friends had advisedhim not to go, "Yes," he said, "I will go; forthough my gun is a small one, and doesn't make muchnoise, I don't want to hare it spiked." (Laughterand cheers.) Then, again, I come here because this is the onlyplace where any thing is said in behalf of four millionsof my countrymen who are in bondage.[Cries in thegallery, "Down with the niggers," and groans forJohn A. Andrew.]This is the only place where anythought is given to God's children who are marked witha darker color than ours. We hear everything elsediscussed—all other rights considered. Everythingthat belongs to the interests of the white man is talkedof every where else; bat where, except on this platform,does any one remember the four millions ofslaves? Why, if you ask me what is to be the resultof the present state of things in this country, I willgive you the answer I beard the other night. "It dependsupon who God cares for the most at the presenttime; whether God is thinking most of the white manor the negro." If God is caring to-day for the negroin the United States more than for the white man, thenI believe that disunion is to be the result, because disunionis to be the emancipation of the slave.(Loudapplause and hisses.) But I believe the South areright in a good many things that they say. I do notcome here as one who hates the South, or who hatesthe slaveholder. We are told that because we loveliberty, therefore we hate the slaveholder. (Noise inthe gallery.) We do not hate the slaveholder. Becausewe hate the evil that a man is doing, does it followthat we hate him? Because we hate the wickednessof a man, does it follow that we hate the man?I know very well that if Northern men had beenplaced under the same circumstances that Southernersare, they would have been very much the same kindof people, and done very much the same kind ofthings. If you or I had been born in Sooth Carolina,we should, very likely, have been mad to-day for secession,in order to prevent slavery being put down.We do not, therefore, hate them, because they aremade what they are by the circumstances around them;we pity them. But I say that we at the North, whohave been educated under other circumstances, andtaught to love freedom and justice for all, are bound,for the sake of the slaveholders themselves, never togive up those principles of justice and freedom, but tomaintain them, and maintain them more and more, tothe end. (Applause.) It is not merely for our ownsakes, or for the sake of the slave, that we are holdingthese meetings, but it is for the sake of the slaveholdertoo. He is a bum who is crushed down by his iniquitoussystem, and in order to help him, we muststand op for justice and liberty. (Cheers.) Thereare tens of thousands of Southern men, born andraised in the South, educated in the South, slaveholders,perhaps, themselves, who do not love slavery,who know its evils, and know them better than we do,because they have felt them longer and more closely.When the Anti-Slavery sentiment of the North is loweredone jot, they mourn. They say, "Stand up firmto your principles at the North, for your principles areour only reliance." They feel the need of us, theyfeel the need of the Anti-Slavery sentiment; and it isfor the sake of those thousands and tens of thousandsof men and women at the South, who feel the need ofthe protecting, increasing, magnetic sentiment offreedom, that we hold these meetings, as well as forthe slaves themselves. (Applause.) Friends, we are looking forward to a probable separation,or secession, of the Sooth from the North.The time seems to be harrying on that result forwhich this Society has contended for many years—Disunion. When that result comes, when it shall besettled that the shareholding States are to go by themselves,and the fifteen free States of the North, withthe addition of our sister Kansas, another free State,are to go by themselves, what is to be the consequence?You say, "Civil war." Civil war! Civilwar may come—we cannot tell what may come. Civilwar may come; but it seems to me that these fifteenmagnificent free States, this grand new Union, whichis to rise as the eagle soars from the earth toward thesky—this Union, composed of fifteen States, on whosesoil there is not the foot at a slave, united together bycommon convictions, common principles, and commoninterests—it seems to me that it will be so strong thatno nation will venture to attack it, and so just that itwill not attack any other. (Applause and hissing.) Isee no danger, except from concession—except fromyielding up our principles. I, far one, am ready tosay to the Southern States, "Go in peace!" I amready to say, "Take, if you choose, all the nationalproperty in your domain; take the forts; take thearsenals; take Washington, too, if you choose—lakeall; but let as stand together, a united, free nation ofindependent States, without slavery. (Hisses.) We cangive you everything but our freedom and our rights." I have said all I intended to say, and I will not detainthis meeting any longer this morning. (Load applause.) Mr. PHILLIPS then took the platform, and wasgreeted with a prolonged and enthusiastic shout ofwelcome, which testified not alone to the hearty sympathyof the audience, but to the fact, that an overwhelmingmajority of those present were loyal to theright The rowdies in the gallery cried out, "Allup!" and biased and groaned to the extent of theirpower, bat the feeble noise was speedily drowned inanother storm of applause. Mr. P. said:— HILLIPS Mr. CHAIRMAN,—I had hoped to address this meetingat a later hour, and that some other friends wouldhave taken the centre of the morning; but in consequenceof their occupation elsewhere, I shall troubleyou now, and leave them the latter part of the sectionI am worry that ear aeries of resolutions, necessarilyimperfect at this time, deal only in general principle,rustling to the maw. At a subsequent session,we hope to lay before you tome resolutions distinctlyreferring to the principle and method of this Society;for, after all, this is a meeting of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society to-day—a body whose thirtyyears of history have settled in place and influenceupon Massachusetts. HAIRMAN [At this point, Mr. Phillips was interrupted by theturbulent spirits in the gallery with cheers for "Wightman,""Bell and Everett," "Clay," groans, hisses,cat-calls, "all up," yells, and all sorts of "sounds infernal."For fifteen minutes or more, this scene continued,Mr. P. uttering a sentence, now and then, ina lull, which even then, however, was not audible beyonda few feet from the speaker. Of coarse, anythinglike a connected speech was impossible, undersuck circumstances. We give the sentences as theyfell from his lips.] Mr. President, we stand to-day with the countryitself, as far down as Mason and Dixon's line, one-halfconverted to the maxims of this Society. (After along pause] The devil always goes out of a man ingreat wrath. (Laughter.) I remember once, ten yearsago, in Faneuit Hall, when we stood on the platformfor two hours, and did not utter a word—and it wasthe best meeting we ever held. (Applause by thosewho could hear.) Conceited as we are thought to be,no man on this platform can make a speech equal tothat—(pointing to the gallery] (Applause.) But thereis a better speech even than that to-day. South Carolinaspeaks for us (applause): and our argument onthis question is poor and vepil, in comparison withhers. For, after all, the question is not free speech.You and I shall live and outlive that many years. Myfree speech will take care of itself, or I will take careof it. (Applause.) We come here to-day to let Washingtonsee what Boston thinks of this crisis, andwe want her to declare that. Constitution or no Constitution,Union or no Union, against the law or withit, the Southern States, so long as they be slave States,shall be shovelled out of this Union. (Loud applauseand hisses.) We not only accept the crisis, but thankGod that it has come so soon. (Applause and hisses.)I am sorry for every merchant whose ledger balanceson the wrong side. I am sorry for every laborer whohas lost a week's or a months wages; and if his DanielWebster, and his Caleb Cashing, and his EdwardEverett, had listened to us thirty years ago, this troublenever had come on the country. [A voice—"Never!" and applause. Then the gallery screameditself hoarse for Webster and Everett, and other idolsof their worship] State Street may thank her ownidol, if she k bankrupt to-day. [More cheering forWebster, for the Union, and cries of "put him out,"interspersed with whistling and singing.] O, Mr.Chairman, we have plenty of time! We have thissession, this afternoon and evening, and three tomorrow.No occasion to hurry, in the least! SouthCarolina is waiting to hear from us. (Cheers for SouthCarolina.) The Southern States say that when theyhave organized their confederacy, they mean to leaveNew England out in the cold. Well, we shall be gladto be there. I am only sorry that my friends there(pointing to the rioters) arc oat in the cold. Now,ladles and gentlemen, this is a very momentous question— (Here the reprobates in the gallery struck up thesong— "We are going home,We are going home,We are going home,To die no more"—    which gratifying declaration they repeated, again andagain, but did not go. Instead of that, they struckup another equally interesting lyric, which, as newas we could make out, ran in this wise— "Tell John Andrew,Tell John Andrew,Tell John Andrew,John Drowns dead."    Then these model patriots and lovers of the Union gavethree greens for General Scott, and amused themselveswith imitating the sounds of the barn-yard, andthe cries of the street. At length, Mr. Phillips wasenable to speak again.] This k the largest anti-slavery meeting, said he, atten o'clock in the morning, that I ever saw in the cityof Boston. Six weeks ago, a hundred men came here,and found as so small as to be able to turn us out ofoar seats. To-day, at least, we have possession oftaxi platform and the hall. (Applause.) Now the questionis between yon and she men on the outside whichshall represent the Capital of Massachusetts. I havea little pride in Boston. I would rather that weshould keep in our own hands the appointment of ourown police. I hope we shall behave ourselves well today,and show that we are worthy of It; for if we donot, there k a parcel of country folks up there on thehill who will make as behave ourselves. (Applause.)Although I love Boston very well, I tore Massachusettsbetter—because she k bigger (laughter and applause);and therefore I mean to stand here to-day,and endeavor, so far as in me lies, to show the pressand the Commonwealth that the majority is on oursate. (Applause.) That, in spite of a few boys, Bostonis a decorous and well-behaved community. Ithink we shall prove k in the end. (Cheers by therowdies, and general uproar among them.) I thinkthat our twenty-seven, eight or nine annual meetingshave been wonderfully successfully in remodeling thepublic mind, and my proof of it is this very meetingsto-day. We are thus assailed, not because we arefew, not because we are uninfluntial, not because weare unheeded, but because we are feared. Take it as acompliment (Applause and hisses.) Nepoless'smaxim was, to charge on the centre at the boat Well,the charge has been, for the last six weeks, on theanti-slavery body of Boston. (Applause.) All wehave to do k to sea to it that we hold the banner asand say that be dad not see it. I can remember whena leading Republican holding the third offer in theGovernment, spoke to the merchants of Philadelphia,and the next day asked to he carried to the Anti SlaveryRooms "Why!" was the question "Toknow their opinion of say speech" "Bat," was thereply, "you had thousands to hear you; they are onlya few hundred" "True," he said; "but what theythink so-day, you'll think two years hence." (Mr. Phillips here took off his overcoat amid thecheers of his friends, and laid it one side, remarking—"I may have to stand here a good while, so I willtake my coat off."] We want to teach some doubting souls which waythe vanes act here in Massachusetts. Mr. Adamsdoes not seem to know whether they point North orSouth;—we want to show him that we are not onlyunwilling that Massachusetts should be a slave toState Street, but that we won't give up one inch ofterritory, five hundred miles west of the Mississippi,to the demands of the South. I would not give slaverya spoonful of earth to stay in the Union—noone; not a blade of grass, nor relinquish a single principle.(Uproarious singing.) That is the death-knell ofslavery—don't you hear it? (Applause.) [The volunteerchoir in the gallery again struck up, "We aregoing home," &C] That is the maniac, singing in hischains. (Loud applause.) It is necessary we shouldunderstand the state of things among different classesof people. I don't feel very proud of those representativesof Boston up there; still, I think things arenot near so bad as they were on the 3d of December.Then Mr. Fay and Mr. Howe came here in person;they only send their boys here to-day. (Loud laughter,the "boys" yelling and screaming to the imminentdanger of their lungs.) O, I forget, continuedMr. P.; I beg your pardon. We should have hadthem here to-day, but they started for Washington yesterdaywith the petition, and so the mob has lost itsaders, and don't know where to go. (Laughter.) Mr. Chairman, I have something to say, when Ican get out more than one sentence at a time; but adisconnected speech cannot have much argument in. I do not know but we may as well resolve ourselvesinto a Quaker meeting, and sit here in silence,is the representatives of Massachusetts. For, friendswill tell you a secret;—we are going to decide todaywhether this peninsula is still to be called Boston,or had better be named Wightmanville. (Laughterand applause, the "roughs" in the back part of theall cheering for Whightman.)  Wightmanville. Mr. QUINCY, (to whom Mr. Jackson had resignedthe chair,)—The orderly persons and members of theSociety are requested to take their acts, as a measureor order. These lads in the gallery have come hereto enjoy a holiday. No demist, they are glad to be released,after sweeping out their masters' stores, income here and make a noise. They are harmlesslads; and I think while we are waiting for the "goodtime coming," the friends had better take their sents,and remain patiently and quietly, and by and by, weshall hear the end of Mr. Phillip's speech. UINCY Mr. Phillips paused for some time, the rictous portionof the assembly keeping up their noisy demonstrations,cheering for the Union, for Criemondem, andothers, and calling out "Go ahead," "Sit down,""Blow your horn," &C, &C Mr. PHILLIPS. I just new heard three cheers forthe Union. I think the dead ought to be allowed torest. (Hisses and howls from the gallery.) I havealways found that the best abolitionists were thosewho come as boys to break up an anti-slavery meeting.I except to live five years, and to be cheered tothe echo by those very boys, when they have grownolder and wiser. (Applause, hisses and groans.) Why,they will carry enough away from the anti-slaverymeeting to-day to convert them. Yes, even the scenein yonder gallery will convert them. Massachusettshave not get in her bosom the materials for mobs.This is nothing but the spasm of a momentary irritation—it will not last. Our fathers left us commonschools— HILLIPS. [Here an amateur whistler struck up "yanhonDoodle," and the musical entertainment was extendedby one more singing of the already familiar words,"We are going home," &C] Mr. PHILLIPS. This is the "irrepressible conflict"betwixt the floor and the gallery. I wish Mr. Everetthad taken his mob with him. (Cheers for the Union.)Poor Union! (Three groans for Phillips.) It does notmatter whether these men are successful or not. Weknow our own principles. We know the discussionwhich have brought about this result. No matterwhat mobs may endeavor to do; they cannot killideas. So long as honest men think, so long will theideas we have uttered pervade eastern Massachusetts.It is no matter whether we number two hundred, onehundred, or fifty. They very meting of this body,in defence of all the wealth of the city, is a victory.The mob cannot shut us out of this hall, though theymay be able to conquer our voices. If we cannot liveby law, we cannot live at all. This question is notone of argument, or eloquence, or words; with StateStreet, it is a mere question of dollars. But SouthCarolina knows that, in the long run, dollars do notrule in this country, but ideas rule. You know verywell that Daniel Webster represented the dollars ofMassachusetts. Edward Everett, to-day, representsthe dollars of Massachusetts. He can be endorsed byevery bank president and by every manufacturingcorporation in Massachusetts; but they are not able toturn Charles Sumner out of his seat. (Applause.)They may make money, but they cannot make publicopinion; wealth is not the fountain of public thought. HILLIPS. [Here Mr. Phillips addressed himself for some time,in a moderate tone, to the reporters and friends immediatelyround him—a proceeding which seemed toprovoke the rowdies at a distance to a curious science.] Abolitionists, look here! Friends of the slave, lookhere! These pencils [pointing to the reporters] willdo more to create opinion than a hundred thousandmobs. While I speak to those pencils, I speak to amillion of men. What, then, are those boys? (Applause.)We have got the press of the country inour hands. Whether they like us or not, they knowthat our speeches sell their papers. (Applause andlaughter.) With five newspapers we may defy fivehundred boys. Therefore, just allow me to make myspeech to those gentlemen in front of me, and I canspike all those cannon. (Applause.) Why, if I shouldwrite out my speech, and give it to the Atlas and Bee.I need only stand and laugh at yonder noises. Myvoice is beaten by theirs, but they cannot beat types.All hail, and glory to Faust, who invented printingfor he made make impossible! (Applause.) I appealfrom the stadies of Boston to the press of the Commonwealth.These boys have got a holiday. Let usbe glad their masters gave it to them. They onlymistook the place to come to. The Common is theplace for Election Day, not Tremont Temple. Butwhat we want to send out to the country is the fact.You know that when the Billingsgate fish-women ofParis came into the galleries of the National Convention,they simply resolved that they were in perpetualsession. Well, white newspapers are printed, so arewe. Now, those fellows cannot last but one morning,while the Abolitionists can talk till doomsday Theyhave an unending gift of free speech. (Groans for theAbolitionists.) Those boys have been singing, "Weare going home," for some time; and if our speechesare so unpalatable and vituperative, I wonder they donot go. The doors are all open. But after all, friends,let us rejoice in this hour. Twenty flee year ago,half in whispers, with bated breath, in halls thatwould hold two hundred people, we cried DISUNION;and to-day, the Rocky Mountains bring back the echo,and thirty States are sundered in the effort to free theslave. (Loud cheers.) We debated, thirty years ago,Whether we could raise ten thousand dollars in orderto print anti-slavery tracts; now, the Charleston Mercuryand the Louisville Journal print them for us.(Applause.) Poor fellows! (Pointing to the rioters,]they have no organ—we have conquered the NewYork Herald. Atlas and Bee.  ISUNION Mercury Journal Herald. They say one man is a majority, when he has righton his side; I have got three thousand on my side.—(Tumult in the gallery, during which Mr. Phillipspaused, and then said]—Do not be impatient, ladiesand gentlemen, it is only ten minutes to twelve; thereis time enough. Time will do every thing. It willbring South Carolina back into the Union a free State.(Applause.) We are not going to lose one of the oldthirteen. We are going to conquer them all to freedom.I mean, before I die, to have all the thirteenStates in the Union, without a have. (Applause.)—My disunion means simply to get rid of the slaveholders.I want the son of every black man whofought with Washington inside my Union, and I knowthat the 384,000 blacks of South Carolina are the sonsof the Revolution. The stars and stripes shall yetprotect them in liberty. (Applause.) Only wait; weshall worry out these boys. This is Boston; we willappeal to the Commonwealth in a moment or two;that is a very different scene. I understand the Statehouse has begun to move, and got as far as half waydown Park street; and when the codfish comes, lookout, for we shall have quiet. Ense petit placidom sublibertate quietem. That means—Free Speech. (Applause.)We will have it yet Massachusetts is notconquered; the Capitol is not owned by State street,(cheers,) and whoever is Mayor of Boston, John A.Andrew is Governor of the Commonwealth. (Prolongedcheers.) I do not despair of the Commonwealth. Ense petit placidom sublibertate quietem. (Three groans were given for Gov. Andrew, by thecrowd in the gallery, which were followed by threecheers for Mayor Wightman. Then some one calledout, "Three cheers for Wendell Phillips," which weregiven with an emphasis.] Mr. PHILLIPS. An Abolitionist is a happy man, tohave such a cheer as that, and a mob besides. (Laughterand applause.) I hope all my blessings won'tcome at once. HILLIPS. A VOICE. "Go ahead! we've got them where thehair is abort." This remark called forth uproariouslaughter from both sides. OICE. Mr. PHILLIPS resumed—O, we have been througha great many such scenes as this. There is always acalm after a storm. You will find after this, that everyRepresentative from Massachusetts on the floor ofCongress will stand so straight that he will lean backward.(Applause and hisses.) I am told that CharlesSumner said, a fortnight ago, that he had more relianceon South Carolina than on Massachusetts tohelp us in this crisis. (Applause by the mob.) Hewill rejoice when the Commonwealth comes down likea vulture, and sweeps that gallery where it belongs—into the calaboose. (Applause, groans for CharlesSumner, and hearty cheers.) Well, friends, we oughtto be very generous. The conquerors should allowthe conquered to complain as much as they please.When, twenty years ago, we began our labors, EdwardEverett was at the top of the ladder. To-day,this Society, after twenty years of argument, sendsCharles Sumner (biases) into the Senate, and EdwardEverett at the head of a Committee. (Cheers forEverett.) We have turned things upside down, andgot them right side up. [A Voice—"Why didn't yousend Burlingame?") To-day, Sumner representsMassachusetts, and Everett and Wintbrop—we havetaken them down from that elevation—they representthe Merchants' Exchange. (Applause.) HILLIPS Voice Now, gentlemen, allow me to make one exceedinglyserious and timely suggestion to you. It is more thanlikely, that within a short time, the civil authoritywill enter this hall; and allow me to suggest, in orderthat it may be known who are our friends and whoare not, that the friends of this platform will, as far aspossible, keep their seats, and preserve silence.—(Cries of "Good" and applause.) [This statement and request of Mr. Phillips had aninstantaneous effect on the mobocrats, who became almostentirely quiet, and remained so, with only occasionalinterruption, to the close of Mr. Phillips'sspeech.] Mr. PHILLIPS. And now, having secured a littletemporary quiet, suppose we go back to the considerationof the question which assembles this Society thismorning, which is, the abolition of American Slavery.There exists, as you know, ladles and gentlemen, inthis fragment of the Union,—several States havingquitted it,—the Gulf States having almost or entirelyparted, and only the border States and the MississippiSlates left to us—there exists, at this moment, throughoutthe North, the question, what mood of mind shallwe present ourselves in to our Southern brethren?How shall we let them understand the position of theNorth? Our delegates in Congress—those from NewEngland certainly—have done their duty like men.It is understood that the speech of Mr. Seward wasread to them a week before its delivery, and repudiated.(Cries of "Good," cheers, and hisses.) NewEngland said—"We wish no compromise—we willallow none. We have walked up to this spot by thetoil of a quarter of a century. We are ready to meetthe South on the broad question of abolition. Wesettle the question here. Either let it be laid out ofpolities, by the more territorial settlement, or we settlethe whole question on a broad basis." They arenot for any compromise whatever. Now, what messageshall Boston send to that faithful body of men?How shall we, who are not fettered by the responsibilitiesof party, who represent not party lines but theplastic public opinion outside of them—represent, notthe temporary moment, but the coming future—howshall we speak, at this hour, to the Union! I say it inno conceit, but in verity, and from sincere conviction,New England does the thinking for one-half of theUnion. We have sent our children to the valley ofthe Mississippi, and they look back to our codes andour great men for their models, for their examples.They took to our press, and largely to our pulpits, andentirely to our colleges, to stud them the best thoughtof the age. We hold the magnificent West, with itsunlimited wealth and its coming omnipotence, in ourright hand. "Westward the star of empire takes itsway." How shall it be wielded! Shall the slave restin silence, hopeful that from the conscience of theNorth will come the cause of his jubilee? It is for usat this hour to save the masters from the bloodiest insurrectionthat ever occurred. It is by standing ofthe Northern basis, and demanding that this source ofweakness and danger, that this national sin, that thisconvulsive element, which threatens to, or has alreadydismembered the Union, shall be treated like statesman.I have no word of censures for the great Senatorof New Tack, still less, a word even of doubt for theincoming President of Illinois. (Cheers and hisses.)I believe that, like an honorable man, he means tokeep, and has told his friends to say that he means tokeep in office the promises that were made for him inthe canvas; and while Abraham Lincoln lives,—andspies of the rage of she men South of Mason andDixon's line, he will live to be buried in the gratitudeof the North, twenty or forty years hence, (applause)—while he lives and dictates law to this country fromthe White House at Washington—as he will, on the5th day of March, and If It cannot be done otherwise,Illinois will cover every square foot of the Districtwith a living man and Republican (load appliance.)—while he lives, I have faith to believe that not oneblade of grass, not one atom of the soil of the territorieswill be poisoned by the footsteps of even thecompromise of a slave. So much this Society hasgained; and the rock which a third of a century hasroiled up the mountain height is not to ratable back atthe bidding of a mob. There it stands, anchored onthe votes of eighteen hundred thousand freemen, whosend Abraham Lincoln to Washington to do their bidding,and it will be done. (Applause.) This is noboy's play. The babies of Carolina are not to speakto the great Northwest. (Cheers.) They are to bequiet in their cradles, and we will see that they arerocked to sleep; and meantime, Northern care andforesight shall tuck them up nicely, so that they shallnot take cold.(Applause and laughter.) HILLIPS. Our fathers pledged (heir odious and hateful oathsto-their damnable conspiracy in 1787, that the slave ofthe Carolinas should be deprived of the right arm thatGod gave him in order to defend himself. They gluedto the scabbard the sword of insurrection, and therebythey made It tenfold my duty never to let my tonguerest from demanding justice for the man they had disarmed.I stand hero to-day by the sacrifice of a life,to atone, as far as possible, for the sins of my father,(applause and hisses,) and every man who loves hisfather is bound to be here to-day. (Applause.) [AVoice— "Three cheers for his father. "Another"Three cheers for the Union." Well, we are here,friends, to make those cheers deserved. We are hereto make the Union worthy of cheers within hearingof Fan veil Hall. (Appliance and cries of "Good.")We are here to wipe out the three-fifths slave basis,the slave clause of recapture, the pledge against insurrection,and every black stripe from the parchmentof 1789; and when we have done it, we will go downto that old Cradle of Liberty, and invoke Adams, andOtis, and Hancock to come and listen to our repentance,and to oar jubilee together. (Applause.) But itis here we are to perform the lustration. Every liebears bitter fruit No sin can be wiped out in anhour. The mistakes of a generation are not gotten ridof in a night?" Our fathers ate sour grapes, and ourteeth are set on edge." State Street managed and intrigued;she sent her representatives to get JohnHancock swathed in flannel, to make it possiblefor Massachusetts to adopt the Constitution of 1787.The free thought of Massachusetts rejected it. Themen from the country spit upon it. What were calledthe Democrats of that day trod it under their feetState Street—the men who made money by trade—went to Hancock, solemn and stately in his Beaconstreetmansion, and said to him— "We cannot savethis. The conscience of Massachusetts rejects it."And the old pet of the people put on his flannels, tookhis crutches, and came down with a compromise—(God curse all compromises!) and made Massachusettsa member of the Union.(Applause and hisses.) Another [A voice from the gallery— "God curse the man whosaid that! "] A voice from the gallery Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, it is natural that State Streetshould hang on to her child. It is natural that sheshould be fond of the pet that she cradled, and hasbrought up to this manhood. And it is natural, too,that short-sighted wealth, timid, shrinking from everychange, should imagine that if she gets rid of SouthCarolina, it writes bankruptcy on her ledger. But Imaintain that Massachusetts does not make moneymerely because South Carolina whips negroes. Imaintain that the brain of the Yankee can compel thetribute of the world, and the thrift and cunning of ourright hands can make us rich, spite of Virginia andthe Carolinas too. (Loud applause.) We are boundto prove that honest labor can stand on its own feet,without the help of the aristocracy of the white race,or the slaveholders of the Carolinas. (Renewed cheering.)Graduate of the free schools of Boston as I am,I am bound to prove, in the face of Europe, that"honesty is the best policy," and that America canprove it in the face of the world. (Applause.) I ambound to prove that it is possible to make a man'sbread here without stealing it; and I am certain that,with that great West, that populous Ohio, that magnificentNew York, to back us, and welcoming Canadainto our lap, we can still, even if the South leaves us,for a time, maintain a power to which the South willgravitate back gladly before you and I are old. Yes,those boys will hardly pass their majority, will hardlybe entitled to vote, before you will see Carolina comingback, to put her star on the national banner, and liveagain under the stripes. We are not going to be separated.The Mississippi binds us like a glorious ribbonof gold. We cannot be divided permanently. It isnothing but the poison of slavery that occasions thistemporary convulsion. The Sumters and the Marionsare ours. The Rutledges, the Lees, and the Pinckneys,where are they! Under the feet of some namelessrascals who are undertaking to-day to representSouth Carolina. Virginia has gone under, and thereis nothing but bubbles on the surface. We willdigdown under it, and find the ashes of PatrickHenry, and so call Virginia back to her duty. (Applause.)If it is necessary, as in the days of theCrusaders, we will take the dust of Washington fromhis tomb on Mount Vernon, and Everett shall followit, as we carry it through those fifteen States, andmake them, on their knees, be as good abolitionistsas he was.(Applause.) HILLIPS. No, we have not lost a country. These puny representativesare not Americans, that run to Washington,and beg South Carolina to see that they kneel inthe dirt. (Loud applause.) The history of the past,the grand school of the events of sixty years, havenot produced only such men in Massachusetts. Underfarmers' frocks, and standing beside spindles, and overthe blacksmith's anvil, and smelling the sweet soil ofthe ploughshare, there are yet descendants of PaulRevere and James Otis, who will save Massachusettsfrom the canker of her own gold. (Prolonged cheering.)I believe in the possibility of liberty, and Iwill never be convinced that sixty such years as wehave passed can create only a community of cowards.This Society will yet hold its sessions peacefully;every speech will be listened to; and when we go outfrom this ball on Friday night, we shall go out withthe thanks of Boston, for having redeemed it to decencyI(Loud and prolonged applause.) such DAVID LEE CMILD. "I propose throe cheers forthe conqueror." They were given. AVID EE MILD. The President then announced RALPN WALDOENERSON, of Concord, who was received with threevigorous cheers by the audience, followed by threecheers for the Union from the mob, and a successionof disturbing groans and outcries. Toward the doseof Mr. Phillips's speech, several policemen had enteredthe gallery, and their glazed caps were conspicuousamong the rioters. Rev. Mr. Waterston, in the midstof the tumult, rose and asked— "Will not the policedo their duty?" The appeal had no effect, however,and Mr. Emerson was obliged to wait some time beforehis voice could be heard. At length, when comparativesilence was obtained, he said:— ALPN ALDO NERSON MR. PRESIDENT,—It is little I have to say; but tofill up the interval between the gentleman who is aboutto follow me, and the organ of thought and opinionwho has just spoken, I will say, that I am very happyto ace this Society, through its organs here, assertingthose principles which belong to this soil, which belongto every person who now hears one (hisses); and I amglad that a Boston boy, educated here in our schools,here in our colleges, all his life spent among you, haskerned to find in your hearts as answer to every burningword he speaks. Why, ladies and gentlemen, Ifeel that really the Boston boys are all right. I am alittle proud of this village, Let me say to those youngforeigners, to those young strangers, that I was bornin the spot where the postdates now stands; that allmy education has been hi her town schools hare, heroin her collage, and all the best of my life spent here.That is true too, of gentleman— who presides here,and of Mr. Phillips, who has just addressed as. Ithink the same record cannot be shown by the youngpeople who have endeavored to interrupt this meeting. R. RESIDENT But I have to say, that one thing seems only tooplain, in the new history of the country, as well as inthe old. They say that the Asiatic cholera takes thevital principle out of the air by decomposing the air.I think it is the same with the moral pestilence underwhich the country has suffered so long; it actually decomposesmankind. This institution of slavery isbased on a crime at that fatal character that it decomposesmen. The barbarism which has lately appearedwherever that question has been touched, and in theaction of the States where it prevails, seems to stapifythe moral sense. The moral injury of slavery is infinitelygreater than its pecuniary and political injury.I really do not think the pecuniary mischief of slavery,which is always shown by statists, worthy to benamed in comparison with this power to subvert thereason of man, at that those who speak for it, who defendit, who act in its behalf, seem to have lost themoral sense. Here are young men from the Southerncountry, whom we have always supposed were in theminority, who had not spoken, but who would yet savetheir country—they also have been educated here inour institutions, have been educated in Europe, andwhen they have gone back, they nave suffered fromthis opthalmia, this blindness, which hides from themthe great facts of right and wrong. They do not perceivethe political, economical and moral mischief doneby the institution. I chanced, within a few days, to bereading the travels in Alabama of the English naturalist,Gosse, who has set all our boys making aquariums,and he recites precisely those facts which are deniedby our Southern friends—the burning of books andthe like, the utter suppression of all freedom of thoughtand conversation among friends. [Noise in the gallery,which obliged the speaker to pause.] I was going to say, that I hope that, in the greataction now pending, all the forbearance, all the discretionpossible, and yet all the firmness, shall be used bythe representatives of the North, and by the people athome. Gentlemen, friends, no man of patriotism, noman of natural sentiment, can undervalue the sacredUnion which we possess; but if it is sundered, it willbe because it bad already ceased to have a vital tension.The action of to-day is only the ultimatum of what hadalready occurred. The bonds had ceased to exist, becauseof this vital defect of slavery at the South actuallyseparating them in sympathy, in thought, incharacter, from the people of the North; and then, ifthe separation had gone thus far, what is the use of apretended tie? As to concessions, we have none tomake. The monstrous concession made at the formationof the Constitution is all that can ever be asked;it has blocked the civilization and humanity of thetimes up to this day. I cannot help thinking just now,in connection with some facts that were mentioned, ofa story of Mr. Wilson. You all know Prof. Wilson,the author of the "Noctes"—the wit of Edinboro' andLondon. When some gentlemen, strangers at thelake—[Noise in the gallery, hisses, groans, calls of"put him out," "dry up," "unbutton your coat," &C] Mr. EMERSON. I know you will hear my story: itis very good. One of Prof. Wilson's family had beeninsulted in a boat upon the lake. The fact was broughtto his knowledge, and he immediately prepared tohorse-whip the offenders. They learned to whosefamily the offended person belonged, and got a mutualfriend to go with them to the Professor's house, topropitiate him. He introduced them, and said, "Theseare the gentlemen who have, by some mistake, interferedwith your friend." Prof. Wilson heard theirapology coldly, and allowed them to depart. Whenthey had gone, his friend said, "Why, Professor, youshould have more magnanimity than to receive theirapology with such coolness." "Magnanimity!" saidhe; "was ever magnanimity more enormous thanmine? There they sat, and I did not pitch them outof the window!" (Laughter.) It seems to me thatis really a fair illustration at the immense concessionsthat have already been made, and we do not need anymore. MERSON. But I will not detain the company longer. THOMAS WENTWORTH HIGGINSON, of Worcester,the next speaker, was received with cheers, (withwhich some hisses from the gallery intermingled,)and spoke with less interruption than his predecessors,as follows:— HOMAS ENTWORTH IGGINSON Mr. CHAIRMAN—We art debtors to the disturbersof this meeting for several things. If it were possibleto add to the rhetorical triumphs of Wendell Phillips,they have given him an additional one this morning(applause); and if it were possible to show to Massachusettsthe calm, recluse philosopher, Ralph WaldoEmerson, in a still more noble aspect, this setting ofriot has completed the picture. (Renewed applause.)Even the bare threat of disturbance has promoted thisSociety out of the little Mercantile Hall, where it hasmet for the last few years, into Tremont Temple; andif the mere rumor of trilling danger has producedso much, what would the appeal of actual dangerdo among the anti-slavery men of Massachusetts?(Cheers.) It has done more than this. The PersonalLiberty Bill is pending in the State House. Howmany additional votes our friends in the galley harerolled up for us! (Applause and hisses.) How manymore will our opponents (whom the gods have mademad)—how many more will they give us, before thisConvention baa concluded its sessions? And thatother measure—the Metropolitan Police BUI for Boston(loud cheers, the rioters in the gallery revealing, incharacteristic manner, the terrors the bill has for them)—a measure which no one would have dared to suggest,and which I, for one, would have voted against,under ordinary circumstances,—here are a hundredmen in that gallery, to-day, who are working withall their heart and soul to pass that MetropolitanPolice Bill. (Loud cheers.) As Shakspeare says: HAIRMAN "This you that do it, not we. You do the deeds,And your unworthy deeds find us the words."  Here are we, anti-slavery speakers, tired of speaking.We had fallen away from the work. We hadbeen grossly remiss—I know I had, for one—in theselast anti-slavery meetings in Boston, for a few years,in not coming. We thought that so much of the battlehad been won that our voices, at least, might bespared. Your silence [pointing to the gallery] hadsilenced us; your noise calls us forth again. (Cheers.)It is one of the strongest objections I have to thisstate of things, that it has brought me here to-day, forone, to make a speech against my will. If speakingbecomes a crime, if speaking is to be put down bythe chaos at quadrupedal noises we have beard thismorning, the sooner wt all begin to talk, the better.(Applause.) Mr. Chairman, we are not here to-day to dig in theashes at the past; we are not here to-day even to contendfor the slave. The slave to-day must take careof himself, for the moment, while we are defendingthe right of the white men of Massachusetts to beheard in Boston. (Load applause.) I thank theserioters, who have placed us in a position so logicallyirresistible that we are sure of the verdict at last.Slavery or and-slavery may be right or wrong; FREESPEECH is right always and everywhere. (Prolongedcheering.) We have come back to a position whichis impregnable. They have driven as oat, it may be,for a moment, of the questionable Fort Moultrie ofour position; but it is only to fall back upon that FortSumter of human right, which, in Massachusetts, willnever again be captured. (Loud applause.) Neveragain! The day is past. Those who try to disturbit now, occupy a position as hopelessly far in the rearas possible. To say that it is behind this age is nothing—it is behind all ages—the attempt to pat downfree speech by mob law. Those who try it are tooold to be the grandfathers of the hunkers. The remotestancestors of hunkerism never dreamed of anythingmore idle than the effort to suppress it is themanner in which it is sought to be done to-day. Tocall it death is nothing—the position of hunkerismthat has been taken here. It is like that noblemen inEngland, who said, when he knew he had held hispublic office too long, and speaking of himself and anoctogenarian compser,—one of those "old public functionaries"who are not confined to this country,—"Why," said he, "Trelawney and I have been deadten years, only we won't acknowledge it." (Laughter.)The thing that all the wealth and power and administrativeenergy at Boston tried to do, when the anti slaveryparty numbered but a hundred, and failed todo it, it is now idle to attempt to do to-day, when, evenunder all the invitations given to the mob, a largemajority of the awaiting are the friends of free speech!(Applause, and cries of "Good.") This work of reinstatingourselves upon a platform undisturbed willnot last long. The battle has been fought and wonagain this morning, and it can never again be wagedunder such disadvantages to as, (Cheers.) It willnot last long, and then we can flail back noon oar legitimatework, which is, oar own rights at secured, to lookafter the rights of others; to seek, not to defend therights of the wealthy and influential, who can takecare of themselves, but of the poor and the outcast.Is there any man who is trampled on by the wholewhole community? There is the man for as to defend.Is there any man whom a whole dam of hisfellow-citizens seek to persecute,—who, in the nighttime, when defeated in their efforts to disturb peaceableassemblages of other men, unite in little companies,and go into corners, and down cellars, and intohorse-railroad cars, to drag out and glory In persecutingthe negro, because they do not dare to meet awhite man,—is there any class of men in Boston sodegraded as that, and any such more degraded classwho wish to persecute them, it is for them that wemust labor, and make their cause our own. It is becausethis Society has labored for them that all thismiserable hostility has been called forth to-day. It isbecause this Society has done its work in calling forthnot only the men who believe in Mr. Garrison's dogmaswholly, but men like those who have spoken herethis morning, who are not identified with him in hisviews of the Constitution, or with Mr. Phillips in his—it is because the Anti-Slavery Society, by the nobleliberality of its platform, has called such men upon it,that h is opposed and resisted; and, by the sametoken, it is for doing that, fur fighting the great battleof liberty for Massachusetts men, that this Anti SlaverySociety will become a blessed memory inMassachusetts, and this day a sacred day of triumphfor free speech henceforward and forever. (Loud applause.) all On motion of Henry C. Wright, the meeting adjournedto 8 o'clock, P.M. The noise in the galleries then ceased, the disturbersleaving the house with the others. A very largeDumber of these disorderly persons, however, remainedin the street before the Temple, using profane,boisterous and threatening language as the audiencedispersed, especially manifesting their hatetoward Mr. Phillips, against whom threats were freelymade. A hearse happening to go by at this time, onebrutal ruffian called out—"Hold on, and take WendellPhillip." Mr. Phillips, however, left the buildingby a private way, and the mob was thus deprived ofan opportunity to vent their malice in any other waythan by threats. The hall was crowded to overflowing before thehour for calling the meeting to order, and it soon became manifest that the disturbing element had receivedlarge accessions to its force. The Travellerdescribes the mixed character of the gathering inthis wise:— Traveller "As soon as the door were throws open, the crowd, comprehendingevery grade of polities, morality, and religionbelief in its ranks,—Breckinridgers, negroes, Douglasmen, Garrisonians, bell men, North streeters, Beaconstreeters, John brown's men, ministers of the Gospel, pickpockets,reporter, teamsters, dry goods jobbers, loafersbrokers, rum-sellers, ladies, thieves, gentlemen, State officers.boys, police-men— it is impossible to enumerate theelements of which this promiscuous throng was composed." "Outside, a number of people," continues the Traveller"as if too lair to enter, and too curious to go away, hoveredabout the door of the Temple, inspecting all who enteredwith as much, particularity as if they bad been all veritableNadgets, in the employ of genuine Anglo-BengaleeLife Insurance Companies. Traveller "One gentleman seemed anxious to enter, and stillvery reluctant to run the gauntlet of the curious eyesAt last, he spasmodically passed the threshold, and, turninground, took off is his, hat said— 'Gentlemen—I wish my presence here may net be misconstrued.I am neither an abolitionist, a rioter, nor apickpocket. I'm going in to see a man.' " (Silence, brokenby a slight tittering.) Just before three o'clock, a number of policemen enteredthe galleries, and were greeted with hisses bythe rowdies, who then gave three cheers for MayorWightman. The meeting was called to order at 8 o'clock by Mr.Quincy, who read a letter from FRANCIS JACKSONPresident of the Society, declining a re-election. Onmotion of Rev. Mr. Hodges, the letter was referred tothe Committee on the nomination of officers. RANCIS ACKSON CHARLES C. BURLENGHT was then introduced as thefirst speaker in the afternoon, and proceeded to addressthe assembly, speaking nearly an hour, in themidst of the wildest uproar, to which he paid no moreattention than if he were on the other side of theglobe, but spoke right on, with a logic as clear, aspirit as uncompromising, and illustrations as pertinentand forcible, as if be were addressing the mostquiet and attentive audience ever assembled beforehim. We are obliged to defer the report of his speedtill next week. HARLES URLENGHT By the time Mr. Burleigh had concluded, the lowerpart of the hall under the gallery was completely packedwith the mob, who cheered and hissed in one corner,and were lustily answered by cheers from the oppositecorner, which drowned the voice of the speaker.He sat down amidst applause and hisses. The President said he observed men in the audiencewith badges on their breasts. (Loud and longcontinued uproar, and repetition of singing for severalminutes, followed by clapping of hands and "tigers,"during which the President stood in silence, or consultedwith those about him.) The President again attempted to call upon the police,but his voice was fairly drowned by the noiseThe audience arose upon their feet, some trying toescape in their fright Cushions were taken from theseats in the gallery, and tumbled down upon theheads below in rapid succession, and were tossed aboutfrom place to place. The confusion and uproar wereindescribable. First, the mob would sing, thencheer, then hiss; then sway one way, and then theother; cushions and hats were thrown in the air, dogsbarking, cats mewing, &C &C, were imitated, and uproar reigned supreme. After a while, there was alull, and the Chairman then introduced Mr. Geo. HHOYT, of Athol, as one of John Brown's counsel. OYT This was the signal for a renewed outbreak of calls,and lasers, and hisses. which completely drownedMr. Hoyt's voice. Mr. QUINCY. I observe in the hall, scattered aboutin various conspicuous places, men with badges ontheir breasts. If the police have not been instructedby the Mayor to stand by and assist this mob by theirsilence and inactivity, they will do their duty. (Hisses,groans, derisive laughter, &C) UINCY. At length Mr. Hoyt attempted to speak, thoughthis voice must have been utterly inaudible sixfeet from where ha stood. The reporter wasdose to his elbow, but the confusion was so great,that the closest attention was required to understandwhat he said. I think, said Mr. Hoyt, that Mr. Garrison spoke thetruth when, a quarter of a century ago, he said, "Iam in earnest; I will not equivocate; I will not retreata single inch." Before the face of a Massachusettsmob, the Anti-Slavery Society says, "We arein earnest; we will not equivocate; we will not retreata single inch." (Tremondous uproar.) After a pause Mr. Hoyt said—It seems to be aquestion whether your voices or my legs will firstkick the beam,' (The mob sung "We are goinghome," &C) Mr. HOYT. You have been "going home" so long,it would be came for thankful if you would go atonce. OYT. It was now four o'clock, and the disturbance hadreached its culminating point. Scarcely a word couldhe heard that was uttered on the platform. Just then, amovement was noticed in one of aisles, and presentlyit was even that the Mayor, with the Chief of police,and a large posses of officers, was slowly forcing hisway to the platform. Arrived there, he stepped tothe centre, in front of the President, and said— Silence! SILENCE! SILENCE, in the galley!Fellow citizens—follow citizens—I am saw that you,who are the citizens of Boston, will listen to the voiceof its Chief Magistrate. [Gallery—"Good"—"good":"three cheers for Mayor Wightman."] Fellow-citizens,I can only say, that you will testify that respectfor the Chief Magistrate whom you have elected, bykeeping silence, and listening to that which I shallsay, [Gallery—"We will do it!" "Three cheers forMayor Wightman.] Silence Gallery Gallery THE MAYOR (in the imperative mood.) Silence!SILENCE! I am requested, inasmuch as this meetinghas been disturbed by tumultuous and riotous proceedings—I am requested by the Trustees of thisbuilding to disperse the meeting. [The rowdiesscreamed, "Good,"—"good," and cheered at the topof their lungs.) AYOR Silence Dea. GILBERT one of the Trustees, pressed forward,and exclaimed, " It is n't so. Will yon let mesee the letter!" The Mayor declined. ILBERT Mr. QUNICY. Will yon allow the agent of thebuilding, Ms. Hayes, to see it! We doubt its authenticity. UNICY. THE MAYOR. I will not, sir. I will settle that tomorrow,not now. [Tuning to the audience]—Fellow-citizens,baring thus announced my purpose, underthe written order of the Trustees, [Voices—"False,"—"False!"] "I have now simply to say toyou, that I am sure you will respect me enough toI leave this place quietly and peaceably. [" No,"—"Yes,"—"Read the letter."] HE AYOR. Voices The confusion, at this time, was indescribable—thatof the platform rivaling the gallery, for everybodycrowded forward to the desk, amid excited cries of"It's false! "—"It's a lie! "—"Read it!" &C Atlength the Mayor was forced, by the storm of dispute,to read the letter, which he did, first remarking—"Iam requested to read the document which has beenplaced in my hands, and I regard it as sufficientlyauthentic for this purpose." The letter was as follows: "Boston, Jan. 24, 1861. HON J.M. WIGHTMAN Mayor of the City of Boston: ON IGHTMAN We hereby notify you that a tumultuous and riotous assemblyof more than thirty persons is now engaged in disturbinga meeting of the .Massachusetts Anti-slavery (societyat Tremont Temple, and we hereby request you, inyour official capacity, to quell the riot and protect theproperty where the meeting is now being held to wit,Tremont Temple. Yours, respectfully, WM.H.JAMESON, GEO.W.CHIPMAN, GEO.S.DEXTER, JOSEPH STOKY, T.GILBERT." Shouts of derisive laughter were heard on all sides,at the conclusion of the letter, for everybody saw thatthe request was one totally different from that statedby the Mayor. At this point, Mr. Quincy inquired if Sheriff Clarkwas in the hall, stating that there was a letter of importancefor him from the Governor. It was generallysupposed that the letter had reference to the preservationof order, but its real character did not transpire. Having read the letter of the Trustees, the Mayorturned to Mr. Quincy, the acting President, and asked,"What do you want me to do I" Mr. Quincy repliedthat he wished the galleries cleared, and the Mayorinstructed the officers to perform that duty, and theyentered upon it immediately, and in about fifteenminutes, the galleries were cleared, no resistance beingoffered. Many of the rioters, however, as they camedown stairs, entered the doors at the end of the halluntil that portion was densely crowded with an uproariouscrowd, enraged at the aspect of things, andexcitedly yelling, "Clear the platform!" "Wightman!we want you to clear the platform!" With thismodest demand, however, the Mayor did not see fit tocomply. The work of clearing the galleries was finished at4:35, and then the President said:— Mr. QUINCY. The members of the Anti-SlaverySociety, and those who desire to participate with them,will be seated. UINCY. It was found impossible to seat the numbers whohad crowded upon the platform, and the President inquiredof the Mayor if the orderly portion of the audienceon the platform could occupy the galleries; towhich the Mayor replied in the affirmative, and sooncomparative order was restored. THE MAYOR. Gentlemen, (I shall not say ladiesand gentlemen, because that is always unnecessary,)the meeting is now in a quiet state; it is for you tomaintain it so. As long as there is no disturbance byany one, it will go on with its proceedings. If thereis any disturbance, the police are authorized to suppressany demonstrations of that kind. (Applause,and three cheers for free speech.) HE AYOR. Mr. QUINCY. If the gentlemen on the edges of themeeting are contented to remain and assist in thefurther proceedings, they can do so; if not, the policewill forthwith clear the hall of all disturbers. UINCY. The Mayor then called two of the Lieutenants ofPolice to the platform, and gave them instructionswith regard to the disposition of their men, and thatthey were to be under the direction of the Presidentof the meeting. Then, turning to Mr. Quincy, theMayor said—"Mr. President, I now give the meetinginto your hands, and take my leave." There were no more cheers for Mayor Wightman;but the rabble that still remained in the rear of thehall cheered for the Union, and one of their numberput the question, "All those in favor of adjourningthe Union meeting will say "Aye," and declared it"a vote"—but still the crowd of unruly spirits remained,though then? demonstrations were not so violentas before. Mr. QUNICY. I now request all the members andfriends of the Society to be seated, as far as possible.If there be any disturbance in the further proceedingsof the meeting, I shall direct the further part of thehall to be cleared. Let that be understood, beforehand.We want all to stay and hear what is to besaid; we do not want to tarn a man of you out. Ifyou have anything to say against any of the sentimentsthat have been expressed here, the platform isjust as free for yon to oppose as for the previous speakersto advocate them. Mr. Hoyt will bow proceedwith his speech. UNICY. Mr. CHAIRMAN,—When the proceedings of the Conventionwere interrupted, oar friends in the rear of thehall had just concluded that familiar psalm tune, towhich our ears have became so accustomed, "We aregoing home." After a great deal of "going" and"goings on," some of oar friends have actually left,and for that we are certainly obliged. (Applause.) HAIRMAN Some weeks ago, Mr. Chairman and ladies and gentlemen,we who live upon the bilk of Western Massachusettsreceived tidings from Boston which filled uswith wonder and with disgust. (Misses.) Wonder—that upon the free soil of the old Commonwealth ofMassachusetts, even in Boston—Boston, where thetribunes of the people hare spoken since liberty had aname and a foothold upon the American continent—Boston, under the shadow of Banker Hill—the Bostonof Faneuil Hall,—one man should have been found sofalse to his manhood and so recreant to his social trust,as for one single moment to entertain the purpose tointerfere with the free discussion of the question ofanti-slavery. Disgust, I say also, that when a considerablebody of men entertaining this contemptible purposewere found willing and ready to Invade this veryTemple, and here successfully assail the dearest rightan American can possess, the strong right arm of municipalauthority was not instantly outstretched to quellthe mob, and, in the name of law, liberty, and Americancivilization, protect the respectable gentlemen hereengaged in an investigation of the merits of that question.I think it may not be egotism in me to say, thusI know well what the sentiment of Massachusetts isin regard to this matter of free speech. I will at leastundertake to speck for Middle and Western Massachusetts;and it is time that Boston Understood that thecontained in this peninsula, and that, if the people ofBoston will not vindicate and defend that right, thepeople of the Commonwealth, in their sovereign capacity,will come here and do it for them, so save ourdear old Commonwealth from that reproach. (Loudapplause, and hisses from the remnant of the mob.) Ithank God that at last he City Government of Bostonhas undertaken to defend this right to us. We wouldmaintain it ourselves, and by their aid and assistancewe shall maintain it throughout the proceedings of thisConvention. (A Voice—" I'll bet you don't.") A Voice I suppose there may be some here who would liketo know upon what basis a professed Republican of thecampaign of 1860 can stand here. I have not, hitherto,understood that there was necessarily any inconsistencybetween a Republican, believing in politicalaction as a remedy for the evils of slavery, and a associationsAbolitionist. A VOICE—" Is John A. Andrew an Abolitionists OICE Mr. HOYT. I hope to heaven he is and I think Ican say he is. If he is not, he is not true Governor ofMassachusetts. I do not mean such Republicans asis represented by the recent Sensorial speech to WilliamH. Seward; I do not mean such Republicanismas is represented by the compromises of Tom Corwin;I do not mean such Republicanism as is representedby Charles Francis Adams, who proposes to admitNew Mexico as a slave State. [The rosters—"Threecheers for Adams."] I do not mean such Republicanismas is represented, for instance, by the SpringfieldRepublican,—a smart Journal in the western part of theState, which has not, until lately, found dirt enough tocat,—which says the Republicans are not opposed toslavery as a sin per sr, but because it is a ruinous system,regarded as a question of political economy ButI mean such Republicanism as would legislate eternalliberty into the Territories. [Here there was a rushand surge in the back part of the hall, and every indicationof a row. The lights were put out under thegallery, and, for a moment, a serious disturbance wasanticipated; but nothing came of it; the gas was againset aflame, and Mr. Hoyt proceeded.] I mean suchRepublicanism as would legislate eternal liberty intothose Territories which are the common inheritance ofthe people of the whole country. That is the sort ofRepublicanism I mean; and as I have hitherto been aRepublican and a conscientious Abolitionist. so hereand now, because my reason and my heart prompt meto make the declaration, I declare that I am also infavor of Disunion. (Applause, hisses, and cries of"Put him out.") And, as conscientiously as I havehitherto been a Republican and an Abolitionist I declareto-day that I believe the Southern States have aright to secede, and will secede, ["Good,"] and I amglad of it. (Applause and hisses.) For slavery is asthe "Thunderer" of the London press declared, "adisgrace to the whole nation;" and when at last theslave States have gone out of the Union by themselves,they will have taken away form the remaining Statesof the Confederacy the disgrace and ignominy of becomingresponsible, to any extent, for the intolerablecurse and crime of human bondage. (Hisses.) So Isay the slave States have seceded, and will stayin that attitude, and I am glad of it, because I see inthat condition of affairs a bright ray of hope for thepersecuted and oppressed negro. [A Voice—"Whydon't you fight for him"] In the course of events,those States will either abolish slavery as a matter ofself-preservation (and God speed that day) of else thesun of some morning will shine on another St Domingo,and many and many another Tourist(Cheers and hisses.) OYT. Republican per sr A Voice I stood by the side of John Brown in the hour ofhis trial (applause, groans, hisses, and yells); Istood by his side in the scene of his mock trial andhis persecution—[A Voice—" Shame of you!"] and Iwould have remained by him until be was executed,if a Southern mob had not driven me from the places.("Good"—"good," cried the rowdies.) Mind youI have stood in the face of a Southern mob, and Ishall not retreat in the face of a Boston mob("Good"—and applause.) By the side of JohnBrown, in the presence of that manly resignation andthat heroic fortitude which struck the world dumbwith admiration, I registered in my heart a solemnvow, that so long as God permits me to live upon thisearth, His footstool, I will, all the powers Hegiven me, oppose the cursed institution of slavery,even to its utter abolition. (Loud applause and hisses.)Entertaining these convictions, I am no man if I occupyany other position than the one I do occupy today.I am here to-day because Boston tells me thatupon this platform I shall not declare slavery to be acurse and a crime; because Boston declares that thepeople of Massachusetts shall not clear themselves ofthe iniquity of the institution. I am here to-day becauseI am instructed that it is unpopular to standhere. If that be the case, I think God for that unpopularity,and I hope to carry a large amount of thatunpopularity along with me through life. (Applauseand hisses.) A Voice I have said all and more than I intended when Itook this position; but I could not consent that myfeeble speech should be broken up by a combined andmenacing mob in the city of Boston, where I havelived ten years. I saw in that gallery and in the rearof this hall, many and many a young man with whomI have associated in this city; some with whom I wasin the public schools, and many with whom I haveassociated in other relations; and I should have felt atto be a lasting disgrace if, when their voices were upraisedto silence me, I had submitted. I truer, fellowcitizens, ladies and gentlemen, that all men who believein the crime and wickedness of the institution ofslavery, and have hitherto declared their belief in thenecessity for its utter abolition, in the process of timenow that it has become unpopular to express theiropinions, will not run the risk of being written downexecrable cowards by withholding the truth to-dayLet the truth be spoken, be the consequences whatthey may. (Loud applause.) The meeting then adjourned, to re-assemble at half past 7 o'clock. ☞Having thus brought down the proceedings ofthe meeting to the adjournment on Thursday afternoons,we copy from the Journal the following accountof what took place in the evening, and the suppressionof the meeting by order of the Mayor:— Journal Some fifty or sixty women remained in the hall afterthe adjournment of the meeting in the afternoonThey, with a few other persons who were able to getearly admission in the half, were the audience addressedby the Chief of Police, as half past six o'clockwhen that functionary appeared and read the followingorder from the Mayor's office:— MAYOR'S OOFFICE, CITY HALL,BOSTON, Jan. 24, 1861, 6 o'clock, P.M. AYOR'S OFFICE ITY ALL OSTON DANIEL J. COBURN, Esq., Chief of Police. ANIEL OBURN SIR: You are hereby ordered to clear the Half of TremontTemple are hereby any persons now remaining, and closethe doors, and take such measures as may be necessary toprevent any meeting being held there so-night. IR JOSEPH M. WIGHTMAN, Mayor. Mr. Wightman also sent the following communicationto the trustees of the building:— MAYOR'S OFFICE, CITY HALL,DOSTON, Jan 24, 1861, 6 o'clock, P.M. AYOR'S FFICE ITY ALL OSTON Messrs. W.H. Jameson, George W. Chipman, and othersTrustees of the Tremont Temple. GANTLEMEN; I have reliable information, received sinceI left the meeting, which, in my judgment, renders it atleast imprudent to have another meeting held at the TremontTempe to-night. ANTLEMEN I therefore assume the responsibility closing the hallof that building against any further meeting to-night andI have given the necessary orders to the police so that effect. JOSEPH M. WIGHPMAN, Mayor We understand that the Mayor revived information,which be considered reliable, that if the meeting washalt in the evening the outside of the building wouldbe attached by a mob, and in order to prevent a disturbance,be ordered the Hall closed.  There upon the audience dispersed, and the doorswere closed. The crowd in the street before the Hall constantlyincreased, and at 7 o'clock the passage of vehicleswas a matter of no small difficulty. The Chief ofpolice assured the crowd that the Hall would not beopened during the evening, and thereupon three cheerswere given for the Police of Boston, and three groansfor the Legislature of Massachusetts. Until this time,the crowd would not believe that the meeting was nota take place, but regarded the thing as a ruse to drivethem off; nor did the assurance of the Chief carry fullconviction to their minds. To make a sure thing ofseveral attempts were made to force the upper sideentrance.  The door successfully resisted, however.The cry of "a now!" was raised, and a rush wasmade toward the Montgomery Buildings, but nothingbut a few broken panes of glass in the windows of theTremont Rooms resulted from this. A few minuteslater, a cry of "Fall in" was raised on the west sidewalkof Tremont street, opposite the hotel, and inaudience to the general call, an irregular processionwas formed and marched, in no very good order, in asoutherly direction. Suddenly, those who were atthe head of this impromptu procession rushed directlyacross the street, in the direction of Montgomeryplace.  The object of this rush was soon apparent.One John C. Cluer, somewhat notorious in this city,was seized; he broke loose, reached the steps of theMontgomery House, was seized again, pulled downthe steps, thrown down upon the sidewalk and kickedin several places, as he avers, to his own great injury.A gentleman, accompanied by a lady, interfered;Cluer got up and got away, the crowd passively lookingon the while. He was forthwith joined by somefriends, with whom he ran down Montgomery place.The crowd followed in hot pursuit, but the pursuedcreeded in escaping to the Anti-Slavery Office, andsubsequently found his way to the Fourth Police Stateswhere he recounted his wrongs. The police made strenuous efforts to clear the streets,as they were successful. By 8 o'clock the crowd hadvery nearly disappeared from the street, and the moreturbulent portion thereof took refuge in the TremontHouse bar-room, which was filled to its utmost capacityfor nearly an hour. The amount of drinking, however,was by no means proportional to the crowd. Achair served as a rostrum for various speakers. Thefirst speaker diverted his views on the topics of theday—secession, coercion, metropolitan police, freespeech, &C—at considerable length, and until he was that his remarks had ceased to be acceptable.The next had not risen to make any extended remarks,but merely to propose three cheers for "Hon. LuciusSade and his letter." Finally, a young man, whosename was announced to be Lee—supposed to be theperson who appears hereinafter as having been arrestedby the Fourth Police, under another name, mountedthe chair, and proposed that all hands "step up to thebar and drink, and then adjourn to Johnny Gallagher's, in Howard street, and there organize and go toto Phillip's house, and carve him out." He continued,"How many will go!" About a dozen persons heldup their hands, a few cries of "Hoe hun out!""Carve him out!" &C, also responded. The personswho were assumed to be the recognized leaders of themob disappeared, at this time, from public view, andwere not seen again in any of the demonstrations ofthe evening.   Finally, the crowd, with some apparent reluctance,marched away in something like order. From the Tremont House, a large crowd rusheddown Tremont street, booting, hallooing, and urgingeach other on by the call of "Howard street! Howardstreet". In front of the Athenxum the crowd haltedand demanded to be organized, whereupon the personwho passed under the name of Harry Lee at the barroommounted some stone steps, took off his hat, and called attentions to the object of their assembly.Motions were made to adjourn to Essex street,and thus individual put in to vote, and adjourned themto that place. The crowed immediately turned out ofHoward street, shouting, "To Wendell Phillips's, toWendell Phillips's," and all started for that point.  Upon arriving in front of the residence of Mr.Phillips, a small crowd, under the leadership of onewho bore a striking resembalence to Harry Lee, commencedsinging, "Tell John Andrew," &C To thisthey added a stave, in which they expressed theirconviction that "salt won't save him." Groans and followed, as a matter of course, the crowdbeing constantly augmented by delegations from theTremont House and Howard street, who joined inthe disturbance. In a short time, Deputy Chief ofPolice Ham made his appearance upon the steps ofMr. Phillips's house, and was soon reinforced by astrong detachment of officers from the Fourth Station.Mr. Ham addressed the crowd, informing them of hisofficial character, and giving them the choice of eitherrunning to their homes or being taken to the stationhouse, at the same time directing the officers to clearthe street, which by this time was pretty well filled.It was noticeable, however, that those who had beenthe loudest at the Tremont House in urging the crowdago were not with them.  The officers proceeded promptly to the discharge oftheir duty, and soon the crowd was dispersed. In thecourse of these proceedings, a young man, resemblingthe ubiquitous Harry Lee, while in the act of informingthe crowd, in musical accents, that he wouldn'tgo home till morning, was arrested and taken to thestation house. He was arrested as one Foster, whichname he repudiated, and claimed the surname of Eldridge.Notwithstanding his avowal in the street thathe wouldn't go home till morning, he now insistedthat he was on his way to the Old Colony depot, tomake the half-past nine o'clock train for home, and insupport of his statement, he exhibited a note addressedto his wife, informing her that he should not be athome till late, as he was going to the Anti-Slaverymeeting at the Tremont Temple. When questioned,he acknowledged that he had made a speech in thebarroom of the Tremont House, but was innocent ofall evil intentions. He was retained in custody. A was also arrested for taking part in the disturbance.Before ten o'clock, the streets were cleared,and the city was as quiet as ever.  On Friday morning, the general public being unawarethat it had been decided by the officers of theSociety not to attempt to hold any further meeting,since they had been ejected from their hall by theMayor a large number of people assembled at the doorsof the Temple, at an early hour, some of them evidentlyfriends, but the majority, as evidently, of thecharacter of those who had disturbed the precedingmeetings, if not the same individual rioters. Thepolice, who were stationed at the doors, informed thecrowd that no meeting was to be held there that day,which satisfied the well-disposed, who left at once; butthe rabble were incredulous, and, regarding the statementas a "weak invention of the enemy" to deprivethem of their anticipated fun, hung about the doors, entered the side door, which leads to the rooms ofthe Young Men's Christian Association, and the officesof other tenants, visiting, without ceremony, anyapartment which they chose, and making themselvesgenerally obnoxious by their rowdyish conduct and talk.   Mr. Hayes, the agent of the building, repeatedlyassured the introduces that there was to be no meeting,that the officers of the Society had resolved not toand their meeting by permission of the Mayor,—andrequested them to withdraw, but without avail; andnot until the hour appointed for the meeting, (10o'clock) had long passed, did the crowd evince anydesposition to leave. At length, however, the policewere able to clear the street, and restore order andquiet. permission BUSINESS MEETING AT THE ROOMS OF THE SOCIETY. A large number of the members and friends of theMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, finding the Templeclosed against them, assembled at its Room, 221Washington street, where the events of the precedingday, the conduct of the city authorities, and incidentalmatters were the topics of animated conversation forconsiderable time. The reason for the discontinuanceof the meeting not being generally understood,the advent of the officers of the Society was lookedfor with much interest; and when Mr. Quincy andMr. May entered the room, they were besieged by ahost of inquirers, anxious to learn the exact positionof affairs. At length, in order to satisfy all present,Mr. QUINCY called the meeting to order, and said:— UINCY You all know how your meeting was interfered withyesterday, and how it was concluded in comparativegood order, by the interference of the Mayor. Whenhe came there, be intended, undoubtedly—I am willingto believe, through a mistakes impressions of the respectof the Trustees—to clear the hall. When informedof the error, he cleared the disturbers out,and put us in possession of the hall. He then came to me, and asked me what I wantedhim to do; and from that time forward be took thepart of a good magistrate. He left me a force of policeto keep order. Mr. Hoyt concluded his speech,and good order was kept—at least, he could be heard.The Mayor also said to me that he recognized the legalitiesof our meeting, and would protect us. recognized the legalitiesof our meeting, and would protect us. He then said to me: Now I have restored to you thecontrol of the meeting; now, sir, I wish you to considerwhether it is well for you to hold a meeting to-night.The authorities are often unable to controlthe fury of mobs when excited, and are overborne byforce. He virtually asked me to have no meeting in meevening. I said I could not decide; that it belongedto the Society to do so; but that I was sure they wouldnot forego the evening meeting. I told him that ticketswere to be used, and I did not believe there wouldbe any disturbance. What influences were brought to bear upon theMayor afterwards, I do not know; but you all knowof the unfortunate orders which were issued after heleft us. Last night, we met and talked the matter over witha few friends, and we concluded to-day that we wouldnot recognize the right of the Mayor to turn us outlast night, by accepting his permission to use the hallto-day. HENRY C. WRIGHT. I wish to state that no orderwas served on the Trustees; it was the Chief ofPolice. I was there, and saw him in the hall. It hasbeen stated that the order was served on the Trustees. ENRY RIGHT. SAMUEL MAY, Jr. Both statements are right; anorder was sent both to the Chief of Police and theTrustees. AMUEL AY Mr. WRIGHT. Well, the Trustees were not presentat the meeting. RIGHT. A.T. FOSS. The Mayor, I understand, sent ordersto have the Temple closed to-day. OSS. Mr. QUNICY. Well, we got ahead of him there. UNICY. SAMUEL MAY, Jr., moved that a meeting of theSociety be held in this room at 12 o'clock. AMUEL AY Several persons inquired, "Why not now?" and,after some little discussion, Mr. May amended his motionso that it should read to hare the meeting calledimmediately, and in that shape it passed, without objection. At this point, three of the Trustees of the Templeentered die room, and said that they had called for thepurpose of ascertaining the correctness of a statementwhich had been made to them by the city authorities,to the effect that the Society had declined to occupythe hall that day. They were ready, they said, toopen the hall, and only wished to be certain as to thewishes of the Society. Mr. QUINCY repeated the statement he had alreadymade to the meeting upon this subject, and said thathe would communicate to the Trustees, in writing,the action of the officers of the Society, and their reasonsfor it, and these gentlemen took their leave. UINCY Mr. MAY then moved a vote of thanks to the Trusteesof the Tremont Temple for their firm and manlycourse, and for their devotion to the interests of libertyand free speech, which was passed by acclamation. AY A gentleman here said, "We may thank MayorWightman for all this." To which Mr. Quincy replied—"Mayor Wightman is of no consequence.Why, gentlemen, there is no such man as MayorWightman." (Laughter.) Mr. BUFFUM. Mr. Chairman, some of us are anxiousto know whether there is such a man as GovernorAndrew! UFFUM. The CAIRMAN. Let us leave these personal matterstill another time, and attend to our regular business. AIRMAN. Mr. WRIGHT then moved that the Society proceedto the choice of officers for the ensuing year. Carried. RIGHT Mr. MAY moved that the old list be chosen, and thatMr. Jackson's letter of declination be referred to theManaging Committee of the Society, and that they berequested to invite Mr. Jackson to withdraw his declination,and remain as President. Carried. AY The question was then put on the adoption of theresolutions submitted by Mr. Phillips on Thursdaymorning, and they were carried unanimously. Mr. MAY then read the following resolution:— AY Resolved, That in the death of the Rev. Dr. CHARLESLOWELL, the American slave and the colored people of this .country have lost s warm-hearted, generous, and steadfastfriend. His sincere and transparent soul would not refuse,and could not conceal, a warm interest and sympathy inthe cause which has sought and still seeks to gain, forthis oppressed race, their rights as men, as citizens, and asequal children of the great and loving God. Early impressedby their wrongs and by their claims upon him as a man andas a minister of Christ, he continued faithful unto death.In the later years of his life, although suffering greatly frombodily disease and pain, no subject was nearer to his heart;and among the last words which he committed to writing, afew hours before his death, was an expression of his deepinterest in a family of American slaves, and in their restorationto freedom, and his heartfelt "God-speed" to thework of redeeming our country from the sin and the shameof slavery. We mourn his departure, for he was a trulyupright, single-minded and Christian man, whose life wasa connecting link between these times and the purer andbetter days of the churches of Boston, whose instructivevoice ever showed the path of duty, and whose persuasiveexample called us to walk in it; and now that we can seehis face no more, we would invoke a double portion of hisspirit to be with us, in these days of our nation's vacillationin duty and want of faith in God. HARLES OWELL The resolution was adopted unanimously. Rev. ADIN BALLOU, of Hopedale, offered the followingresolution:— DIN ALLOU Resolved, That this Society has aimed at nothing, proposednothing, and done nothing, but what is in strict accordancewith love to God and ail mankind. That it has exercised only the acknowledged natural andconstitutional rights belonging to all of the people ofMassachusetts. That we have demeaned ourselves in all respects as peaceablecitizens of the Commonwealth, and that our regulartwenty-ninth annual meeting has been causelessly brokenup by the mob and Mayor of Boston. That we abate not a jot of our testimony against chattelslavery, whose dupes have trampled on our sacred rights;that we will persistently assert and exercise those rights tothe fullest extent of our ability as peaceable citizens. That we throw the entire responsibility of the outragesperpetrated against us in the breaking up of our meetingon the Mayor of Boston, and that we appeal with confidencefrom his mal-administration of government to theBoston that will be, to the country, to the civilized world,and to Almighty God. H.C. WRIGHT. I move to amend by making it read—"appeal to the State and country." RIGHT. Mr. BALLOT. I think Massachusetts is included inthe phrase "civilized world." (Laughter.) ALLOT. A VOICE. I move to amend by making the Mayoralone responsible for the riot. He was the real cause,and the mob were only his tools. OICE. ANOTHER. I move to make it read "the Mayor andhis mob." NOTHER. the Mayor andhis mob. Somebody moved to amend by an insertion that"the Mayor has done his duty." THE CHAIRMAN. What is your name, sir?. HE HAIRMAN. GENTLEMAN. My name is John Davies, of the BostonMuseum. ENTLEMAN. The CHAIRMAN stated that this was a meeting ofthe Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, and that onlymembers of that Society could submit motions or vote,though any one was at liberty to speak. HAIRMAN Mr. DAVIES thereupon frankly apologized, statingthat he had supposed the meeting a public one, or heshould not have offered his amendment. AVIES Mr. QUNINCY then remarked that it was desirable toconclude their business as soon as possible, inasmuchas they could not toll how soon the mob might paythat room a visit, and there were many tenants in thebuilding whose rights should be rejected and caredfor. He hoped, therefore, the several amendmentswhich had been suggested would not be pressed. Nofurther remarks being offered, the question was put,and the resolution of Mr. Ballou adopted. UNINCY It was stated that there were several other resolutionswhich it was desired to present to the Society,but, in view of the circumstances, it was not thoughtadvisable to occupy time by reading them; whereupona motion was made, and carried, that all remainingrevolutions be referred to the Board of Managers, tobe inserted in the proceedings of the meeting, if theythink best. The meeting then adjourned, sine die. sine die. Towards the close of the meeting, seems of TremontTemple rioters had found their way to the building,and stood about the door, annoying the people whoentered or came out by blocking the passage, and bytheir insulting remarks. A police force was sent for,who, on their arrival, dispersed the crowd, and keptguard for a while at the door, to prevent the entranceof any suspicious persons. No serious disturbance,however, of any kind, occupied. ☞ During the day, Mr. QUINCY sent the followingnote to the Trustees of the Temple, in accordancewith his promise mentioned above:— UINCY ANTI-SLAVERY ROOMS, BOSTON, Jan. 25, 1861 NTI LAVERY OOMS OSTON TO THE TRUSTERS OF THE TRENONT TEMPLE: O THE RUSTERS OF THE RENONT EMPLE GENTLEMEN,—The Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Societyhaving been shut out of the Tremont Temple, of whichthey were lawful possessors, by contract with you, lastnight, by order of the Mayor, have instructed me to informyou that they shall decline occupying the Temple to-dayat they had originally intended. The Mayer having turnedus out of the hall, we decline to recognize his right to dothat illegal action by consenting to go into it again by histacit or express permission. The responsibility of preventingthe assembling of a meeting of citizens for the purposeof the expression and discussion of opinion now rentsupon the Mayor, and we do not choose to relieve him ofany portion of it by any action of ours. ENTLEMEN I have much pleasure in transmitting to the Trustees thethanks of the Society, unanimously voted at a meetingheld at their rooms this morning, for their firm and manlyconduct in maintaining freedom of speech within their hallto the utmost of their ability. I have the honor to be, gentlemen, with great respect,your obedient servant, EDMUND QULNCY,Acting President of the Society. ☞ At a meeting of the Board of Managers of theMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, on Saturday,January 26th, it was voted that the following Preambleand Resolutions be adopted, and published with theproceedings of the Annual Meeting, at which theywere intended to be presented:— Resolved, That this Society cordially adopts, as speciallyapplicable to the lawless attempts bow making to suppressall discussion of the subject of slavery, both in thiscity and elsewhere, the following series of resolutions, writtenby WILLIAM ELLERY CHANNING, presented by BENJAMINF. HALLETT, Esq., and supported by George S. HILAND,Esq., at a meeting of the citizens of Boston, held inFaneuil Hall, December 8th, 1837, to protest against themurder of the martyred Abolitionist, Rev. ELIJAN P. LOVEJOY,at Alton, Illinois:— ILLIAM LLERY HANNING ENJAMIN ALLETT ILAND LIJAN OVEJOY "Resolved, That it has pleased God to commit to thispeople, above all others, the cause of human freedom; thatwe are called to the high office of manifesting the power offree institutions to ennoble and bless a people; and that inproving false to this trust, we shall not only east away ourown happiness, but shall betray the interests of the humanrace, and shall deserve the condemning sentence of all nationsand of future times. Resolved, That to offer violence to the rights of the citizensin a free country, where these rights are understoodand recognized and taken under the protection of the laws,is a more heinous crime, and of more fatal influence, thanthe oppressions of absolute hereditary power. Resolved, That among oar rights, we hold none meredear than the freedom of speech and the press; that welook to this as the guardian of all other rights, and thechief spring of human improvement; so that to wrest itfrom the citizen, by violence and murder, is to inflict thedeepest wound on the republic. Resolved, That, by the ordination of Providence, we arepassing through a stage of society in which principles andinstitutions are subjected to the severest scrutiny, and that,at such a period, earnest conflicts of opinion cannot be escaped,and ought to be cheerfully endured as inseparablefrom the exercise of a privilege which is essential to theprogress and best interest of the human race. Resolved, That it is the fundamental idea of freedom ofspeech and the prate, that the citizen shall be protected fromviolence, in uttering opinions opposed to those which prevailaround him; that if by such freedom nothing more wereintended than the liberty of publishing whit nine would deny,then absolute government might boast of it as loudly at republics;to that to put the citizen in peril, on the around that hepresumptuously perseveres in uttering whit is unpopular, orwhat the majority do not approve, is to assail this freedom in itsvery foundation, and to destroy very life. That it is the fundamental idea of freedom ofspeech and the prate, that the citizen shall be protected fromviolence, in uttering opinions opposed to those which prevailaround him; that if by such freedom nothing more wereintended than the liberty of publishing whit nine would deny,then absolute government might boast of it as loudly at republics;to that to put the citizen in peril, on the around that hepresumptuously perseveres in uttering whit is unpopular, orwhat the majority do not approve, is to assail this freedom in itsvery foundation, and to destroy very life. Resolved, That in a free country, the laws, enacted accordingto the prescriptions of the Constitution, are thevoice of the people, and are the only forms by which the sovereigntyof the people is exercised and expressed; and thatof consequence a mob, or a combination of citizens for thepurpose of suspending by force the administration of thelaws, or of taking away rights which these have guarantied,is treason against the people, a contempt of their soveignty,and deserves to be visited with exemplary punishment. Resolved, That the spirit of mobs is a spirit of indiscriminatedestruction; that when the press [or freedom ofspeech] shall have become its prey, its next victim will beproperty; that there is no power on earth so terrible ashuman passion, unbridled by principle and law, and inflamedto madness by the sympathies of a crowd; and thatif we silently and passively abandon any portion of ourfellow-citizens to this power, we shall have no right to complainwhen our own turn shall come to feed Its rapaciousnessand fury. Resolved, That in this country the mightiest influence ispublic opinion; that mobs cannot prevail without a criminalapathy in the public mind; that one of the darkestomens of our times is the indifference with which the nationhas looked on the triumphs of lawless force; and thatthe time is now come for this people to shake off theirlethargy, to vindicate the insulted majesty of the laws, andto pronounce a sentence on unprincipled violence, which thereckless and turbulent will be unable to withstand. Resolved, That the Christian is not authorized by his religionto look with indifference on public affairs, and thathe ought particularly to he roused by acts of cruelty andviolence which degrade our country to the level of heathenism." Whereas, one most important means of checking thatdeterioration in morals and religion, which complicity withslavery has brought upon the American Church, is foundin the utterance of faithful admonition and rebuke by sisterchurches in other countries; and Whereas, a portion of the Baptist churches in GreatBritain have faithfully performed this duty in the ease ofRev. Dr. Baron Stow, minister of the Rowe Street Churchin Boston—first inquiring of himself (during his late visitto England) as to the truth of certain reports injuriously affectinghis character as a minister—then comparing his replieswith Indisputable facts in their possession respectinghis relation to slavery, to caste, and to anti-slavery—thenagain appealing to him with the inquiry whether he couldexplain some things that were found incorrect, and somethat appeared evasive and disingenuous in his originalstatement—and, finally, (when he took refuge in silence,and, for six months after their letter of inquiry, still refrainedfrom returning any answer.) using the proof ofhis various and pertinacious complicity with slavery as thebasis of an appeal to the Baptist churches of this countryagainst the continuance of their complicity with it; therefore— caste their 1. Resolved, That the thanks of the slave and hisfriends are due to the London Board of Baptist Ministers—and especially to Rev. William H. Bonner, pastor of theTrinity Street Baptist Church, London, to whose diligencein making this examination, and to whose faithfulness inreporting its results, the action in question is mainly to beattributed—and that we hail with joy this beginning of adiscrimination on the part of British Christiana betweenthe "profession" and the practice of religion in America. 2. Resolved, That church-members, alike in thiscountry and in England, should be stimulated to faithfullabors in behalf of the slave by the unquestionablefact that these labors are urgently demanded for the purificationof the church and that in no way can they benefitthe church more effectually than by striving for the utteroverthrow of that slavery which, in this country, hasbeen the most fertile source of her corruptions. 3. Resolved, That the fast-coming events of the presenttime loudly echo the call, which duty has always madeupon American ministers, to do what the sew truly Christianmembers of their body have long since done, namely,to preach strongly on our national sin of slaveholding, andon the guilt of that support which our Northern religionand politics, literature and trade, have hitherto chosen tovolunteer in its behalf. 4. Resolved, That the following events, occurring withinthe past year, illustrate the truth, at the present time,of that which was long ago said by an Orthodox church-memberHon. James G. Birney, of Kentucky that "theChurch is the great bulwark of slavery":— 1. The action of the Methodist Episcopal Church, which,protruding to revise her "Discipline,"(in the quadrennialGeneral Conference which met at Buffalo, N.Y., in 1894,)left in it the allowance of membership of many themed ofslaveholders. 2. The agen preaching, by Northern ministers of variousdenominations, of the latest phase of Southern destine,namely, that slavery is appointed and approved by God,and beneficial to all the parties concerned in it. 3. The letter sent by Rev. Gardiner Spring, D.D., ofNew York, and many other eminent clergyman of thatcity and Philadelphia, through the "religions" papers, totheir slaveholding brethren, expressing, (in substance )hearty sympathy with their regrets at the decline of theSlave Power. 4. The continuance in a thoroughly pro-slavery punitionof that great representative body, the America Trust Society. 5. The time-serving policy pursued by the Boston TrustSociety, which emphatically declares itself "not anti-slavery,"even which venturing to stop so far in advance of itsfarmer position as to discuss,"fraternally" towards theslaveholders, "then moral evil and vises which slavery isknown to promote." discuss fraternally 6. The evince in guilty completely with slavery madeby the American Board of Commissioners— for Foreign Missions,who now publicly declare the slaveholding nation ofCherokees to be "a Christian people," and further declarethat their missionaries (who for forty-three years have favoredthe continuance of slavery there,) have been "exemplaryin the discharge of all their missionary duties." all 7. The continuance in a position of substantial aid toslavery by the "religious press" (so called), whether, likethe How York Observer, it upholds that wickedness in full,or whether, like the Independent, it upholds it only in theChurch and the "American Board." Observer Independent 

 The mountain labored, and brought forth amouse. Utica labored, and brought forth nothingAbout half-past two o'clock yesterday afternoon acrowd of about fifty persons, possibly seventy-fivegathered at the entrance of Mechanics Hall Afew came there to see; but the majority hors ontheir countenances the evidence of a stern resolve.There was not one in all that heroic band who wasnot ready to sacrifice life, liberty, and happiness inthe glorious case of preventing several individualsfrom giving vent to their "dangerous" abolitionprinciples, or to prevent a row. Prominent in thecrowd, we noticed several distinguished representativesof the muscle of the city. Also conspictuouswere various Aldermen, looking a little pale andnervous, yet evidently firm in their determinationto face the enemy, at whatever cost. All were resolvedthat there should not be a row: and theypatiently waited for the rioters to come.  The windblew very cold up Hotel street. causing the protractorsof Utica's good name to grow blue and havenStill they waited. And still vainly waited they, tillmuttered cures began to the heard and low butstrong denunciations of "Beriah" and his wholeparty. No audience came, no Beriah came; andthe chivalrous ones waxed more and more disgustedSome laughed in their sleeves, others sneaked aroundthe corner. while still others stood off at a distanceto watch the progress of events. Perhaps a citizenpersons came and inquired where the meeting wasand why it did not go off; but they were told, in anominous tone, that the meeting would not be held,as the hall had been refused. At last Mr. Greenand Miss Anthony were seen approaching Onthey came, passed quietly through the party of menassembled about the doors, and formally demandedadmittance to the hall, as they had engaged it andmade arrangements for it some weeks ago. On thestrength of this engagement. they claimed the rightto occupy it, and asked that the doors should beopened. But they were informed that the Directorsto the hall had deemed it best not in allowthem to hold their convention there, and consequentlyMr. Green and Miss Anthony, when theylad finished their conference with the Directors,turned to go. Mayor Grove was present and toprevent any unpleasant scenes, offered to escortMiss Anthony, through the crowd. which had nowgrown to the dimensions of over a hundred personsThe rabble followed along behind anxious to seethe celebrities; but after a time they concluded therewas to be no row, and, exceedingly disappointed,they dispersed. Thus ended the grand demonstration against theAbolition Convention. Great efforts hal been madeto get up an agitation, and tremendous exteriorsput forth to allay the excitemen and prevent a riot.The consequence was that there was ten-fold thecrowd that there would have been had the matterbeen allowed to pass along in the natural way andBeriah Green and Miss Anthony permitted to lovetheir say," It is hard to determine which most deservethe name of fanatics, the abolitionists or thosewho are so rabidly opposed to them as to hire rowdiesand roughs to break up their meetings. There was no attempt made by the abolitioniststo hold a meeting elsewhere, as they did no wish tohave any trouble with those who oppose them. Thisdemonstration is about on a par with the free-lovemob which occurred about a year since in this city,when a free-lover was rode on a rail; and we sincerelyhope that all who have dabbled in it arenow fully satiated—not only those who furnishedmeans and encouragement to the rowdies, but thepoor tools themselves. It gives us pleasure to say. that so far as weknow. Mayor Grove's course in the matter has beencreditable to him as an officer and a man. SheriffMC kown also had made such preparations as hecame an officer charged with the enforcement ofthe laws.—Utica Herald, Jan. 13. C Utica Herald, Jan. 

 Delinquent subscribers for the past year,—that is,from January 1, I860, to January 1, 1861,—are respectfullyrequested to remember our STANDING RULE,by which their papers will be discontinued after February1,1861, unless payment for the same be previouslysent in. We skill be extremely sorry to lose asingle subscriber in this manner, especially at thiscrisis in our national affairs; but, as our printed termsindicate that payment is to be made in advance, we aresure if, instead of rigidly exacting it, we allow (as wedo) a credit of thirteen months to delinquents, they can hareno cause of complaint when their papers are stoppedfor omitting to make settlement. in advance a credit of thirteen months to delinquents 

 It is not to be regretted that the Abolitionists didnot hold their Convention here as announced . Thecause of regret is, the demonstration of a mobspirit that elects itself censor of what shall andshall not be said. the Directors of the MachinesAssociation acted prudently in refusing the us oftheir hall, when it became evident that the mobwould take possession of it if the convention wereadmitted. The Common Council certainly usurpeda power which they had no more right to exercise,than they have to the prerogatives and privileges ofBrigham Young, when they assumed to expnstheir "disapprobation" of the proposed gathering.Any censorship of speech would he intolerable; butof all censorships, save us from that of the CommonCouncil. their But the secret gathering by which it was resolvedthat this convention should be prevented was themost dangerous things as a precedent that could wellbe devised. A secret meeting, called by notesheaded "confidential" and signed "Union," convenedin a private law-office, to prevent a publicConvention, is a step in despotism that cannot betolerated. The prominent men. to whom the peoplehave shown favor, and who have sworn to supportthe laws, attack by such proceedings the veryfoundation of society and order, and commit offencesin comparison with which the fanaticism of theseperipatetic few is harmless. At that meeting stepswere taken which led to the special meeting of theCouncil, thought the Mayor refused to call it. Itwas there that an organization was effected forseizing the control of the Convention if it had met,and by sheer force taking the meeting from thehands of those who leased the hall. It was therethat an appeal was made to mob law by men whocan ill afford to let loose that tiger. You, men ofUtica, gathering in secret conclave to put a curb onfree speech; to forbid a public meeting. and to organizea mob to take possession of it; to take steps ofletting violence run roughshod over old men andwomen, misguided truly, but yet having rights; youbut inaugurate here a spirit that you may hive torue. others may hold secret gatherings as well asyou; and stranger things save happened than thatthe martyr and the persecutor exchange places. Sincere regret that men, such as some of thosewho sat in that conclave are, should been engaged issuch a movement, will be generally felt. and theyhereafter will join in the feeling. We spare themthe storm of indignation, which the publication oftheir conspiracy in its details, with the names of theactors and the advisers, would be sure to cause:—Utica Herald Jan. 13 the advisers Utica Herald Jan. 

 In oar last number, we announced the probabilitythat the approaching annual meeting of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society, in this city, would beriotously assaulted, in consequence of its official outlawryin advance by Mayor Wight man, and the malignantefforts of the Courier to stir up every thingvile and brutal in opposition to its proceedings. Whatwe anticipated was more than realized on Thursdayand Friday last. Being thus invited and stimulatedto do their worst, with an assurance that they coulddo so with impunity, rowdies and ruffians of everystripe gathered from North street and Beacon street,and the surrounding regions,—shoulder-hitters, pimps,gamblers, pickpockets, &C &C,—and during the forenoonand afternoon of the first day were allowed toenact scenes to be paralleled only in Pandemoniumbellowing like beasts, hissing like serpents, yelling likefiends, full of whiskey and blasphemy, lost to all senseof decency, and writhing like the demons of old in thepresence of Jesus, toe world's Liberator. There wasno waiting to see what sentiments might be advancedfrom the platform; it made no difference who thespeaker was,—Ralph Waldo Emerson, (who has moreintellect in his little finger than the whole crowd ofrioters carried in their heads,) James Freeman Clarke,Wendell Phillips, Thomas Wentworth Higginson,Charles C. Burleigh, George H. Hoyt, all were hissedand bowled at alike; and an audience of two thousandmen and women, such as only Massachusetts canproduce for solid character and high moral worth,combined with rare general intelligence and the broadestphilanthropy, were thus insulted and outraged,hour after hour, the police looking on passively, becausewithout instructions to act, except for a fewminutes in the afternoon, and thus by their very presenceand inaction encouraging the shameful uproar.Intermingled with this rowdy gang were the sons of"the first families," and a large number of clerks fromFranklin street and other parts of the city, each endeavoringto outstrip the Irish ragamuffins (who werenumerously represented on the occasion) in senselessclamor and indecent behavior. Courier The manner in which this dastardly invasion oftheir legal rights was met by the great assembly, convenedthere for a high and holy purpose, was admirablethroughout In the midst of the wildest tumultand the most ferocious demonstrations, they were patient,calm, serene, unmoved — the noble body ofwomen, in particular, exhibiting the truest heroismand the most entire self-possession. The contrast betweenthe galleries and the floor and the platform ofthe Temple was as great as could be exhibited betweenvice and virtue, mental imbecility and the highestintellectual development, moral degradation andspiritual growth, measureless vulgarity and the mostperfect refinement of manners. According to theCourier, (whose editors daily write themselves downthe most unscrupulous of villains,) the orderly assemblywere "a seditious mob," "outraging the reasonand decent feeling of the community," who had"no right to ask the protection of the laws," whilethe howling wretches and desperate cut-throats whoattempted to break up the meeting were the representativesof "law and order," and the champions ofthe Christian faith and of " our glorious Union"! Courier Neither Mr. Richard S. Fay nor Mr. J. MurrayHowe was seen among the rioters. They did not darepresent themselves, but, doubtless, were active as wirepullerbehind the scene, with others equally M respectable,"and equally unprincipled. That Senatorial ruffian,Hon. (!) Lucius Slade, who wrote to a Georgian,a few weeks since, to this effect— "A John Brownmeeting cannot be held in Boston now, any more thanit could in Atlanta— we have got a moot powerful organizationhere, which will be heard from in due time" —was,no doubt, busy with his secret conspirators to carry outhis atrocious declaration. we have got a moot powerful organizationhere, which will be heard from in due time The most guilty of all these rioters was MayorWightman, who stands before the community guiltyof the most flagrant violation of his oath of office, andthe basest and most sneaking usurpation of power.With a falsehood upon his lips, he attempted to breakup the afternoon meeting, pretending to have authorityfrom the Trustees of the Temple for so doing; but,being compelled to read their request to him, be stoodconvicted before the vast assembly, the derision of hisown partisans, and the contempt and scorn of the orderlyportion. Caught in his own trap, be was forcedto clear the gallery at the order of the Chairman, andthus "to make a virtue of necessity." But be immediatelyretired to his office, and thence issued hisimperious mandate to the police to close the Temple,and prevent further meetings; and the deed of violencewas done. It will be seen, by the proceedings in precedingpages, that the Abolitionists, while in session, wereneither broken up nor intimidated in any degree; andthe speakers continued to be heard, from time to time,to the edification and delight of all these present who"reject with indignation the wild and guilty phantasy,that man can hold property in man." We have many additional comments to make uponthis riot, but lack of space forbids, this week. 

 ☞This convention was subsequently held in theparlor of Mr. J. Delong, at Utica, when the followingresolutions, offered by Rev. Beriah Green, wereadopted:— Resolved. That at such an hour as this. when thebearing of American Slavery on the character anddestiny of our country has awakened general discussionamong our fellow, we, who have identifiedourselves with human nature, may well be expectedto proclaim and commend the convictions.which, on a subject so momentous. have fastenedthemselves on our inmost spirits. Resolved. That we rejoice that this we offered ingood faith and sober earnest to attempt in the Convention,for which the Mechanies Hall. In this cityhad been regularly contracted. Resolved. That we abhor and condemn the lawlessact, by which the doors of our own "hiredhouse" were rudely and insolently closed against Resolved, That we can. by no means consent toplunge into the yawning gulf of absurdity, gilt anddegradation, in which, when the claims of Humanityare urged, the majority of our fellows. both inchurch and State. he prostrate. Resolved, That we pledge ourselves anew to Godour Saviour, to our enslaved countrymen and toeach other, to devote arm and soul to the lofty enterpriseto which, as Abolitionists, we have all alongbeen consecrated. Resolved. That the Mayor of this city, in offeringto protect our cherished and honored sister, SusanB. Anthony, in WALKING, acknowledged himself ableto protect her in TALKING; and is to be held responsibleaccordingly. 

 MASS. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,Friday Afternoon, Jan. 25th, 1861. ASS. OUSE OF EPRESENTATIVES Immediately upon the completion of the calendarbusiness, Mr. TYLER, of Boston, moved that the Houseadjourn. Lost—84 year, 112 nays. YLER Mr. PARKER, of Worceter, asked leave to introducea bill for the consideration of the House. There arefacts, he said, that are known to every member of theHouse, which do not need to be enlarged upon at all,but which call upon this Legislature for prompt andimmediate action for the protection of one of the fundamentalrights of every citizen of this Commonwealth.This call upon the Legislature should be promptly respondedto here. When, two days ago, an order wasintroduced, looking to the establishment of a MetropolitanPolice system far Boston, I felt as I know manymembers of this Legislature did, that Boston—of whosefair fame every citizen of New England is proud—Ifelt that then was no necessity for such a measure asthat. But at a matter of courtesy. I was in favor ofconcurring with the Senate. I must say, I littledreamed then that anything would arise in this oldstate capital of oar own Commonwealth—this citythat gave birth to Adams and Hancock—which couldin any degree justify such a measure. But God savethe mark! The Athens of America—as it is called—this capital of the Commonwealth in which the doctrinesof the Declaration of Independence had theirbirth, has refused protection to the citizens of theState, and of the city, when they demanded protectionin the exercise of the right of discussing these questionswhich agitate the country at the present time.Personally I have not the least sympathy with thosepersons who belong to that society. I think the treasonthey preach is as reprehensible as the treason ofToombs and Yancey, with this exception, that theirtreason is for the take of freedom, while the treasonof Toombs is for the sake of slavery. Now, air, thebill which I hold in my hand, and which I ask permissionof the House to Introduce, looks to this purpose—that when any city or town shall, by the petition oftwelve persons, say to the Governor of the Commonwealththat they fear that a legal meeting will bebroken up, he may order the Sheriff of the County orthe local militia to interfere to preserve the peace. Ityesterday, that had been the law of the land, our oldCommonwealth of Massachusetts, and the city of Boston,would not have been disgraced by an attempt toout down by brute force a legal meeting of citizens.Mr. PARKER then read the bill as follows:— ARKER ARKER A Bill to Ensure and Protect Urn Freedom of Speech. A Bill to Ensure and Protect Urn Freedom of Speech. SECTION 1. Chapter 164 of the General Statutes, entitled,"Of Offenses against the Public Peace," be and ishereby so amended that the Governor of the Commonwealthsnail, at the request of twelve or more citizens of any cityor town of the State, who desire to hold a lawful publicmeeting, and fear a riot or tumultuous and disorderly assemblage,have power to order the Sheriff of the county inwhich such meeting is to be held, or the active militia locatedtherein, to proceed to the place of the threatened riotor tumultuous assemblage, mentioned in section 1, chapter164, and there exercise all the powers given to the civil andmilitary authority, in said chapter 164, for the suppressionof all attempts to disturb the public peace or abridgethe freedom of speech. ECTION SEC. 2. This act shall take effect immediately. EC. Leave to introduce was granted without a count, andthe bill was referred to the Judiciary Committee. The SPEAKER—Mr. FISK, of Shelburne, asks leaveto introduce the following resolve. (Head by theClerk,):— PEAKER ISK Whereas, the Declaration of Rights of the Commonwealthof Massachusetts solemnly declares that the peoplehave a right, in an orderly and peaceable manner, to assembleand consult upon the common good; and Whereas, the members of the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety, which assembled yesterday in an orderly andpeaceable manner, at a Hall leased by them in the city ofBoston, for the purpose of holding the 29th anniversary ofthe formation of their association, were disgracefully disturbedby a mob of lawless men; and Whereas, the Mayor of the said city of Boston did neglectto preserve the peace and quiet of the Society so convened,and did, without leave or authority of the officersof said Society, close the doors of the Hall so leased, therebydepriving the members of said Society of their right toassemble in a peaceable and orderly manner; and Whereas, the members of said Society, by reason of beingdeprived of their just rights, have been unable to transactin a proper manner the business for which they warethus convened; therefore, Resolved, That the use of the Representatives' Hall betendered to the officers of the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety for the purpose of holding a session this, Friday,evening. Mr. SAWYER, of Boston, moved that the Resolve bereferred to die Committee on Public Buildings. Lost. AWYER Mr. SMITH, of Boston^ was understood to say thathe had voted to grant leave to Mr. Parker to introducehis bill, because he was always ready to go for freespeech, and because it seemed to him that cases mightarise in other cities in which a law of that kind mightbe useful—the city of Lynn is suggested; and at anyrate, it was not proposed to have any peculiar applicationto Boston. But in regard to this order, I feel thatinasmuch as the House has already submitted to itscommittee the question whether or not the use of thisHall shall be granted for miscellaneous purposes, andinasmuch as the committee has reported that it oughtnot to be so used, the order ought not to be adopted.Look at the condition of public affairs, sir. This countrynever before has been in the condition it is now.Never before, air, has the question been whether theUnion shell live or not The question now is whetherthis flag of our country shall wave over our heads ascitizens of America, or whether we shall become abroken and dissevered nation. It is a serious question!It is a solemn question! and every man owesit to his country, to his whole country, to do everythingwithin his power to restore harmony. Andwhilst I could not sacrifice principle in the slightestdegree, yet, at the same time, I would do everythingwhich could be done consistently to preserve this governmententire. Now, sir, it is very well known to gentlemen that avery excited state of things exists throughout theSouthern States—an excitement produced, it is verytrue, under an extremely mistaken idea of the purposesand feelings of the people of die North. Indicationsof the extent of this state of feeling come tous every day. Now, sir, if in this peculiar state ofaffairs, the gentlemen who are desirous of speaking inthis hall are invited to it by the Legislature, the Southernpeople will very properly take them and theirspeeches to be the proper and fair representatives ofthe sentiments and purposes of the Republican partyof Massachusetts. In view of the excited state offeeling at the South, in view of the condition of publicaffairs, I submit to the candid judgment of theHouse whether, contrary to the order we have adopted,contrary to the custom we have established, we shallinvite this society to occupy our hall. I submit, thatif we give it to them, it will strengthen and encouragethem, and that it will take away from the conservativeand moderate men of the South the basis upon whichthey are pleading for the Union. I believe it is theright of every man in this country—the right of everyslave in this country, that the Union shall be kept together,and I believe that if, under these peculiar circumstances,this resolve was passed, it would have atendency to prevent that conciliation which alone cansave the Union. Mr. FISKE, of Shelburne, next addressed theChair, and proceeded to give an account of theproceedings at the Temple, yesterday, which bewitnessed, and said it was not until then thathe made up his mind that the Legislature ought to dosomething. Then he made up his mind to be henceforthan Abolitionist, and to fight slavery, not in Carolina,but in Massachusetts. If there was no otherplace in Boston where free speech would be protected,he hoped the attempt would be made in theState House. ISKE Mr. CALMOUN, of Springfield, said he had a highregard for the city of Boston and the Commonwealth,but he could not shut his eyes to things as they werepassing. They were here to act with caution. Theywere asked to open a hall to those who were refused ahall yesterday. Upon his conscience he believed theyshould do wrong if they granted it. Sentiments hadbeen avowed which should be regarded with cautionby the people of the State. Yesterday, on that platform,there were sentiments uttered in favor of disunion,and God forbid that they should be allowed tocome and utter such sentiments in this hall. In thiscrisis in political affairs, he hoped men would be firm,calm, quiet and resolute, looking at all questions with,due regard for the interacts of the Commonwealth andthe country. They should do nothing to pot in jeopardyour honor and consistency, and not volunteer to offerthe use of this hall to those who utter sentimentscontrary to those they have sanctioned by their votes.He was sorry for the course pursued by the Mayor ofBoston, but this was not the way to respond to thatact. ALMOUN Mr. SEARS, of Boston, thought that if gentlemanwould take a moment's second thought, the orderwould be rejected. If such a resolve as this is passedin that House, the consequences will be more seriousthan gentlemen may at first suppose. For the reasonthat he believed that every man should be protectedin the right of free speech, he had voted for the propositionof the gentleman from Worcester, (Mr. Parker.)But this order is quite a different thing. To pass anorder like this, in the present crisis of affairs, would,it seemed to him, be certain to settle at once and forever all attempts to adjust our national affairs. It isproposed to open this hall to men who proclaim doctrinesthat are treasonable—who proclaim their sympathywith disunion—who sanction invasions of otherStates. If the use of this hall is granted to such men,that proceeding will shut the mouths of Henry WinterDavis and his associates, who are endeavoring to undeceivethe South, and to prove to it that the Republicanparty is conservative and national. The passagedof such a resolve, he held, would make civil war sure,and upon the members of the Massachusetts Legislaturewou8ld rest a fornful responsibility. EARS Upon motion of a member the your and says wereordered on the question of granting leave to introduce,the resolve. Mr. FRENCH, of Waltham, conceived it to he hasduty, having taken an oath to support the Constitution,to vote against a resolve proposing to invite gentlemento occupy the belt to advice the overthrew ofthe Constitution. RENCH Mr. DAVIS, of Greenfield, moved indefinitepostponement of the resolve. AVIS The SPEAKERS. The motion is not in order, the resolvenot being yet in the possession of the House.The question is on granting leave to introduce. PEAKERS. Mr. GINBS, of New Bedford, thought that if therewas a time for tab body to study wisdom, it was thepresent. What hope have we, when we surrenderthis hall far such purposes:—what protection have we!Let us keep perfectly cool. For kit part, he could notvote for the order. All the wisdom the nation has isnow called together to save us from the horrors ofwar. INBS Mr. BARTIST, of Weymouth, was in favor of freespeech, but not of the free use of the Representatives'Hall. He thoughts the Hall ought to be closed againstall purposes not Immediately connected with legislation. ARTIST Mr. BRANNING, of Lee, remembered that the Abolitionisthad, in years past, the use of the hall to denouncethe Union as severely, as they are capable ofnow doing, He thought that when Wendell Phillipstold the South to "go, and stand not on the order oftheir going." he did not offend the Carolinians. IfToombs and Stephens cane to Boston. Faneuil Hallwould be opened—aye, " 'pon golden hinges turning."(Applause, and a very few hiases.) He was net afraidto meet his constituents, after voting for this order.Wendell Phillips and his associates are the onlyfriends Carolinn has here to-day. (Laughter, and someapplause.) RANNING Mr. TRINNEL, of Burlington, said the question waswhether the State would come forward to uphold freespeech. He was opposed to the sentiments of Mr.Phillips; but if Mr. Yancey had not been allowed tospeak in Boston, he would ask the State to after himproper probation. He did not conceive that the adoptionof the order would be an endorsement of the sentimentsof the Abolitionists. RINNEL Mr. BROWNNELL, of Westport, had voted to allowthe use of the hall to the same parties in 1858, and hewas not afraid to do so again. ROWNNELL Mr. DEAN, of Pawtucket, presumed that there wasbut one opinion in the House upon the subject of freespeech. He believed the city authorized of Bostonshould protect its own meetings, and if they don'tnow, the people of Boston will soon see to it that theydo. He proceeded to argue that the adoption of theorder would be injudicious and uncalled for. EAN Mr. PARKER held that the mob which had assailedTremont Temple would not be afraid to attack theState House. His sympathies were strongly in favorof the order, but he feared in ease of its adoption. ARKER Mr. TYLER. of Boston, remarked that it appeared tobe generally assumed that freedom of speech was notprotected in Boston; but the charge was untrue. Itis true Boston has its mobs, and so do other largecities. He fully agreed with die gentlemen from Worcester,that it these peculiarly pugnacious gentlemencame up here, it would be expedient to have somephysical force to protect the building; and he wouldadvise the talented artist whose busts were exhibitedbelow, not to leave them for the inspectious of thecrowd who would conic. He trusted, therefore, thatdie Order would not be adopted. YLER. Mr. CARK of Lowell, was in favor of free speecheverywhere, but was opposed to die passage of the resolve. ARK Mr. BARRY, of Boston, moved that the farther considerationof die resolve be assigned for Thursdaynext. Lost. ARRY Mr. WIGHTMAN, of Chelmsford, had no apologies tomake for Boston She will take care of herself. He didnot believe Boston was in such a condition that she couldnot defend and protect her own citizens. At any rate,until Boston asks for die assistance of die State, hewas willing to believe she could get along without itDid die speaker desire that a man should stand m hisplace to say that "the Constitution is an agreementwith hell and a covenant with death"' He was in favorof free speech. But there are limits to freedom,and if it became apparent that a meeting could not beheld without endangering die property of other persons,it is die duty of the chief magistrate of the cityto prevent such a meeting. IGHTMAN Mr. KIMBALL, of Lynn, moved die previous question,which was ordered, yeas 118, nays 48. IMBALL The roil was then called, and Use vote was recordedas follows:— YEARS, 69; NAYS, 136; ANSENT, 34. EARS AYS NSENT So leave to introduce the Resolve was refused.—Journal and Traveller of Saturday. Journal and Traveller of Saturday. 

 ☞THE ANNUAL ANTI-SLAVERY SUBSCRIPTIONFESTIVAL was held in Music Hail, in this city, onWednesday evening, last week, and was attended bya choice company of more than two thousand persons,drawn from various parts of the Commonwealth.In every respect, it was successful beyond the mostsanguine expectations. A full account of it will appearin a subsequent number. HE NNUAL NTI LAVERY UBSCRIPTION ESTIVAL 

 Syracuse, [N.Y.) January 20. ANTI SLAVERY MEETING IN SYREACUSE. The hadwhere die Abolitionists were to hold their Conventionwas taken possession of by a body of men whose arrangementshad been preconcerted. The hall was thescene of confusion all the afternoon, and there is ariotous crowd about die building to-night. The friendsof Anti-Slavery intend to hold a meeting to-morrow,but there is an evident intention to break it up. NTI LAVERY EETING IN YREACUSE. 

 ☞NEW YORK STATE CONVENTION.—The FourthAnnual New York State Anti-Slavery Convention will beheld at Albany, in Association Hall, Monday evening,Tuesday and Wednesday, afternoon and evening, Feb. 4, 5,6. Hon. Garrit Smith, Lucretia Mott, Rev. Berish GreenErnestine L. Ross, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Oliver Johnson,Rev.S.J.May, Aaron M. Powell, Susan B. Anthonyand others will address die Convention. Afternoon sessions will commence at half-past 2 o'oloek.Admission free. Evening sessions at half-past 7 o'clock.Admission, 10 cents. 

 ☞WORCESTER SOUTH A.S.SOCIETY.—The annualmeeting of this Society will be held la WashbursHall. Wercester, on Sunday, Feb. 10. A.T.Foss, SAMUAL MAY, Jr.,S.S.Foster, H. FORDDOUGLAS, and ethers, will be present. The public arecordially invited. JOSIAH HENSHAW, President. AMUAL AY ORD OUGLAS President. JOSEPH A. HOWALD,Sc'y. OSEPH OWALD Sc'y. 

 ☞H.FORD DOUGLASS, an Agent of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society, will speak at Table  Table  

 ☞HENRY C. WRIGHT will hold meetings Fexbere,'Mass.,Sunday, Feb.3,afternoon and evening. 

 ☞A.T.FOSS, an Agent of the Massachusetts AsSlavery Society, and H.C.WRIGHT, will speak at West Wrentham, Sunday, Feb. 3. 

 ☞WOMAN'S RIGHTS—The Second Annual NewYork State Women's Rights Convention will be held atALBANY, in Association Hall, Thursday and Fridayafternoon and evenings, Feb. 7 and 8. Lucretia Mott, Ernestine L. Rose, Elizabeth Candy Statemen,Hon. Gerrit Smith, Rev. Beriah Green, Rev.S.J.May,Aaron M. Powell, Suma R Anthony, and other, will addressthe Convention. Afternoon session at half-past 2 o'clock. Admission free.Evening session at 7 o'clock. Admission 10 etc. 

 ☞WANTED—Liberator of January25, 1861. Any of our who do not preserve theLiberator will confer a favor upon us by one orboth of the paper of the above date. Liberator Liberator 

 ☞MRS.M.B.JACKSON, M.D.,having had fifteenyears' experience in the Homeopathic treatment of diseases,offers her professional services to the Ladies andChildren of Boston and vicinity. Reference.—David Thayler M.D.; Lather M.D.;John M. Tarball, M.D.; Boston. Eliphalts Clark, M.D.Portland, Me. Reference. Rooms No. 34. Bowdoin and 10 Allston streets.  Officehours from 2 to 4, P. 

 ☞BESSIE S. LUCKWOOD, M.D., No, 34 AuburnStreet Boston. Particular attention paid to the Diagnosisand Treament of Chronic Diseases. No AuburnStreet Boston. OFFICE FROM from 11,A.M.,till 2,P.M. Nov. 23—3m FFICE ROM 

 ☞SITUATION WANTED—A lady who has hadlarge experience in matters of house keeping and who iseminently qualified satisfactorily to discharge the dutiesconnected therewith, desires a situation either as housekeepers, or matter of some establishment, either in thiscity or vicinity.  The best of reference given. AddressX., Anti-Slavery office, 221 Washington street. 

 BY JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL. When a deed is done for Freedom, through the broadearth's aching breastRunt a thrill of joy prophetic, trembling on from East toWest;And the slave, wherever he cowers, feels the soul withinhim climbTo the awful verge of manhood, as the energy sublimeOf a century bursts full-blossomed on the thorny stem ofTime.         Through the walls of hut and palace sheets the instantaneousthree,While the travail of the Ages wrings earth's system toand fro;At the birth of each new Era, with a recognizing start,Nation wildly looks at nation, standing with mute lipsapart,And glad Truth's yet mightier man-child lips beneath theFuture's heart.         So the Evil's triumph sandoth, with a terror and a chill,Under conti8nent to continent, the sense of coming ill;And the slave, where'er he cowers, fools his sympathieswith GodIn hot tear-drops ebbing earthward, to be drunk up bythe sod,Till a corpse crawls round unburied, delving in the noblerclod.        For mankind are one in spirit, and an instinct bears along,Round the earth's electric circle, the swift flash of right orwrong;Whether conscious or unconscious, yet Humanity's vastframeThrough its ocean-sundered fibres feels the gush of joy orshame;In the gain or lass of one race, all the rest have equalclaim.         Once to every man and nation comes the moment to decide,In the strife of Truth with Falsehood, for the good or evilside;Some great cause, God's new Me4siah, offering such thebloom or blight,Parts the goats upon the left hand, and the sheep uponthe right,And the choice goes by forever 'twist that darkness andthat light.         Hast thou chosen, O my people, on whose party thou shaltstand,Are the Doom from its worn sandals shakes the dustagainst our land?Though the cause of evil prosper, yet 'tis Truth alone isstrong,And, albeit she wander outcast now, I see around herthrongTroops of beautiful tall angels to enshield her from allwrong.          Backward look across the ages, and the beacon momentssee,That like peaks of some sunk continent jut through Oblivion'ssea;Not an ear in court or market for the low, foreboding cryOf these Crises, God's stern winnowers, from whose feetearth's chaff must fly;Never shows the choice momentous till the judgment hathpassed by.         Careless seems the great Avenger; History's pages but recordOut death-grapple in the darkness 'twist old systems andthe Word;Truth forever on the scaffold, Wrong forever on the throne—Yet that scaffold sways the future, and, behind the dimunknown,Standeth God within the shadow, keeping watch above hisown.        We are dimly in the Present what is small and what isgreat;Slow of faith how weak an arm may turn the iron helmof fate;But the soul is still oracular; amid the market's din,List the ominous stern whisper from the Delphic caveswithin,—"They enslave their children's children who make compromisewith sin."         Slavery, the earth-born Cyelops, fellest of the giant brood,Some of brutish Force and Darkness, who have drenchedthe earth with blood,Famished in his self-made desert, blinded by our purer day,Gropes in yet unblasted regions for his miserable prey:—Shall we guide his gory fingers where our helpless children.      Then to side with Truth is noble when we share herwretched crust,Are her cause bring fame and profit, and 'tis prosperous tobe just;Then it is the brave man chooses, while the coward standsaside,Doubting in his abject spirit till his Lord is crucified,And the multitude make virtue of the faith they had denied.        Count me o'er earth's chosen heroes,—they were men thatstood alone,While the men they agonized for hurried the contamellousstone;Stood serene, and down the future saw the golden beaminclineTo the side of perfect justice, mastered by their faith divine,By one man's plain truth to manhood, and to God's supremedesign.        By the light of burning heretics, Christ's bleeding feet Itrack,Telling up new Calvaries over with the cross that turns notback;And those mounts of anguish number how each generationlearnedOne new word of that grand CREDO which is prophet heartshath burnedSince the first man stood God-conquered with his fact toheaven upturned.       REDO    For Humanity sweeps onward: where to-day the martyrstands,On the morrow crouches Judas, with the silver in his hands;Far in front the cross stands ready, and the crackling fagotsburn,While the hooting mob of yesterday in silent awe returnTo glean up the sacred aches into History's golden urn.       'Tis as easy to be heroes as to sit the idle slavesOf a legendary virtue carved upon our fathers' graves;Worshippers of light ancestral make the present light acrime!Was the Mayflower launched by cowards, steered by stenbehind their time?Turn those tracks toward past or Future, that make PlymouthRock sublime?       They were men of present valor, stalwart old iconoclasts,Unconvinced by axe or gibbet that all virtue was the Past's;But we make their truth our falsehood, thinking that hathmade us free,Hearding it in mouldy parchments, while our tenior spiritsfleeThe rude grasp of that great Impulse which drove themacross the sea.        They have rights who dare maintain them; we are traitorsto our sires,Smethering in their holy ashes Freedom's new-lit altarfires:—Shall we make their creed our jailor? Shall we in ourhaste to slay,From the tombs of the old prophets steal the funeral lampsaway,To light up the martyr fagets round the prophets of to-day?        New occasions teach new duties; Time makes ancient gooduncouth;They must upward still, and coward, who would keepabreast of Truth!Le, before us gleam her camp-fires! we ourselves must pilgrimsbe,Launch our Mayflower, and steer bodily through the aspiratewinter sea,Nor attempt the Future's portal with the Past's blood-rustedkey.          

 The Methodist Church it one of die chief membersat that group of American churches whichare the great bulwark of slavery. Bat since manyMethodists say, in reply to this allegation, fret, that itla the Methodist Church South which maintains slavery,and next, that the Northern division revised itsDiscipline upon this point only last year, it is necessaryto show that though both these allegations are true,neither of them proves what it is assumed to prove.There is a difference between the church South andthe church North upon Otis subject, and it is this:The former activity upholds slavery, defending andpraising it The latter passively upholds it, by toleratingit; by letting many slaveholders remain in itschurches, in regular standing; by carefully avoidingthe word slaveholding in its prohibitory clauses, substitutingfor it a circuitous form of words which hasalways been interpreted so as to allow the continuanceof shareholding; by expressly allowing theodious system of caste to be maintained in regard to"colored preachers and official members"; and byexpressly declaring, In the Appendix, that the strongestof its expressions of censure against slavery arenot obligatory upon the members, but only "advisery." South activity passively slaveholding advisery. I will speak, as briefly as possible, of both thesematters; the division of the Church, and the revisionof the "Discipline." I. The division of the Methodist Church in thiscountry into South and North. This division was not made by the act of theNorthern Church, but of the Southern. The Southern Church seceded, because their Northernbrethren would not consent that the Bishops shouldhold slaves. It was on this question only that the separationwas made. Not only did the great body ofNorthern Methodists never attempt to prevent ordinarychurch-members from holding slaves, but theyallow them to do this now in their own division of thechurch, and have done so ever since the separation,just as before. the Bishops II. The toleration of slaveholding by the "Discipline"of the Northern Church, and by its actual practice. In the revision of this Discipline, made by thequadrennial "General Conference," which met lastrear at Buffalo, N.Y., a minority tried to introduce acondemnation of slaveholding. The Conference successfullyresisted this attempt, and expressed whatthey wished to say about slavery in two places, as follows:— slaveholding. 1. Among the "General Rules," (p. 80,) Methodistsare requested to avoid "The buying and selling of men, women and children,with an intention to enslave them." The buying and selling of men, women and children,with an intention to enslave them. 2. The "Chapter on Slavery" (p. 266) reads asfollows: "SLAVERY. Quest.—What shall he dons for the extirpation of theevil of slavery? Quest. Answ.—We declare that we are as much as ever convincedof the great evil of slavery. We believe that theboring, selling or holding of human beings, to be used aschattels, it contrary to the laws of God and nature, and inconsistentwith the Golden Rule, and with that Rule in oarDiscipline which requires all who desire to continue amongus to 'do no barm,' and to ' avoid evil of every kind.' Wetherefore affectionately admonish all oar preachers andpeople to keep themselves pure from this great evil, and toseek its extirpation by all lawful and Christian means.'' Answ. These two passages comprise all that is said aboutslavery in the body of this book. Two questions nowarise: Were these provisions meant to forbid and preventslaveholding?—and, Do they actually accomplishthe exclusion of slaveholders from good and regularstanding in the Northern Methodist Church? As to the first of these questions— 8. In the "Appendix" (p. xvii.) we find the followingexplanation of something that took place in the"General Conference"; an explanation which makesthe "Chapter on Slavery" merely "advisory," and ofcourse leaves it to the choice of members whetherthey will follow or disregard the advice. "Whereas, daring the pendency of the Chapter on Slavery,the following amendment was offered as explanatoryof the chapter: 'Provided, that this section is understoodto be only advisory,' Resolved, That said amendment was rejected by thisbody because we regard the chapter in itself so clearly declarativeand advisory as not to require any such explanation."—"—Journal 1860,p.261. Journal Next, at to the question whether slaveholders areactually kept out of the Northern division of theMethodic Church— 4. In the "Boundaries of the Annual Conferences,"(pp. 245 to 265,) we find the following shareholdingStates, and parts of States, in this Northern Division: "Baltimore Conference" (p. 245) includes part ofthe State of Maryland. "East Baltimore Conference" (p. 248) includes partof the State of Maryland. "Kentucky Conference shall include the State ofKentucky, excepting so much of that State as is includedin the Western Virginia Conference."—(p. 258.)"Missouri and Arkansas Conference shall includethe States of Missouri and Arkansas."—(p. 254.) "Philadelphia Conference" (p. 258) includes thewhole of Delaware, and parts of Maryland and Virginia. "Western Virginia Conference" (pp. 261-2) includespart of Virginia and part of Kentucky. In every one of these Conferences, Methodistchurch-members continue to hold, buy and sell slaves. 5. In respect to caste, the daughter and the efficientsupporter of slavery, the Discipline directly and formallysubmits to its dictation, at follows:— On p. 122 is a Section entitled—"The Rights andPrivileges of our Colored Members." This is what itsays:— The Rights andPrivileges of our Colored Members. "Our Colored Preachers and official members shall haveall the privileges which are usual to others in QuarterlyConferences, where the usages of the country do net forbid it" Where the usages of the country do not forbid it! Isthis the tone that the "salt of the earth" takes towardcorruption?—that "the light of the world" addressesto thick darkness! Where the usages of the country do not forbid it "Discipline," containing all this evidence ofthe tolerance of slaveholding and casts in the NorthernMethodist Church, is signed with the names of theBishops, at follows:— "THOMAS A. MORRIS, LEVI SCOTT, OSMON C.BAKER, EDMUMD S.JAMES, MATTEW SIMPSON, EDWARD R.AMES." John Wesley said that Slavery is "the turn of allvillany." The Methodist Church South say that slavery isright and good. If one of these may be called "hot," and the other"cold," then the Northern Methodist Church is"lukewarm," for it takes this moan and evasive intermediateposition:— It refuses to forbid slaveholding, but, instead, advisesits members not to buy and aril men, women andchildren, with an intention to enslave them. advises On the other hand— It refuses to vote that the "Chapter on Slavery"it only advisory, but, instead, declares that this wasrefused "because we regard the chapter in itself soclearly declarative and advisory as not to require anysuch explanation."—C.K.W. because 

 WARRINGTON, (Eng.,) Jan. 5,1861. ARRINGTON MY DEAR SIR,—Your abolition summer is verilyat hand. Your harvest is ripening space. How amazingthe progress of the last two years! The Lord inmercy, to save your whole people from a spiritualcorruption, without parallel since the days of Noah,has given forth his fiat, and America, like the windsand the waves of old, unconsciously obeys. I saw,when I was with you, that a separation of the Statesmust be the first fruits of your emancipation labors,and would precede the end. It remains now to be seenhow long sheer diabolism can be associated for its ownends. I do not believe in the power of evil to consociatefor any harmonic purpose. The kingdom of thedevil must end upon the earth; and now, as of old,purblind by selfishness, pride and malice, he helps onhis own destruction in a separated South. Y EAR IR I believe in a separation of the States as inevitable,because I feel that if I were a Southerner, I shouldgo for it myself. In Southern light, separation is seenas a triumph; in Northern light, as a disaster; andyet the end will prove that both South and North, intheir respective judgments in this matter, arc laboringunder delusion. State separation will ultimate in twofoldemancipation. In the South, It will culminate intearing off the shackles from the body at the slave;in the North, it will culminate in dissolving the spiritualshackles which bind and cramp the souls of yourfreest men. Injustice is always Mind. In our Free-Tradestruggle, our landholders were your South.They prophesied and believed in, after a fashion, theirown ruin, from the repeal of the Corn Laws. If theycould hare separated their fortunes from the manufacturinginterests, they would have done so, ratherthan have yielded. The result is proved to be a gainto all parties. Your slaveholders can separate, andwill. It is the inevitable result of their position andconvictions; and the moral cowardice of the Northtrembles for the result! Oh, how unworthy theAmerican nation is of its origin and progress! Therefa far more faith in the devil, in lies and injustice,than in God and truth and righteousness; but the dayis dawning, and the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.He comes to break in pieces your nation's covenantwith death, and your agreement with hell, and theend is visibly his own work, and not another's. TheChristianity of America—that which goes by its name—has no share in the triumph. Their conduct, translatedinto words, has its true utterance in the languageof the demoniacs and the Gadarenes of old, addressedto the Lord—" What have we to do with thee? Departfrom out of our coasts." But His mercy is everover these; and, in the light of African Emancipation,we trust they will yet sing their hymns of gratitude toGod that He was wiser than they, and better to themthan all their fears. I enclose yon a draft on London, payable at sight,for £15—the contribution of Warrington friends tothe great cause for the current year. You will be glad to know that oar dear fibred, aliasS.P. Remand, is spending her Christmas Vacationfrom college studies in lecturing in Scotland and theNorth of England. My best love and warm sympathy to all old friends,wherever I am not forgotten, and especially to yourself,Mrs. Garrison, and other dear ones at home, inwhich my wife joins; and believe me, in the bonds oftrue Christian love, Very truly yours, W. ROBSON. WARRINGTON, (Eng.,) January 8, 1861. ARRINGTON I see the work of secession goes on bravely, andrejoice to see it. I only hope there will be enough ofmanliness in the North to leave the seceding States togo their own way, to their own place, without anyattempt at compromise on the one hand, or any blood-sheddingon the other. I confess I have not muchfear of the fighting, because it is quite clear to methat raising sufficient funds to equip an army of eightyor one hundred thousand men would be impossible,and any smaller three would be sure to be beaten, inan armed contest between the States. As a rule,small invading forces are pretty nearly always beaten.The war of 1812 affords illustration enough of thismaxim; and the reasons on which it is based are clearenough. The real danger is in the North eating dirt,as they have so often done before; but I will hopethat a noble spirit animates the people of this generation.Though, when one reads of your disgracefulSunday riots in Boston, hope in the intelligenceand wisdom of the so-called gentlemen of your citywanes before the degrading fact However, WendellPhillips will redeem his generation from completeignominy. One heroic man glorifies an age; and youhave one NOBLEman extant amongst you, whetherBoston believes it or not. Please to give him, withmy kind remembrance, my acknowledgment of thedebt I owe him for his noble defence of free speech inthe Music Hall in Boston. His burning and scathingwords must have gone, red-hot, into the souls—if theyhare any—of his puny opponents. He reminds meof those old Homeric warriors, who, single-handed,were strong enough to meet and vanquish a host ofopposing myrmidons. I am already beginning to speculate what the Abolitionistsand the American Abolition Society will do,when the whole of the South has formed a confederacyon the diabolic principle of shaveholding—and Ido not see my way clear to any conclusion. Will you,as our Anti-Corn Law League, dissolve yourselves, asa Society, when you have freed yourselves and yournational States from all complicity with the abominablesin?—or, if not, what will you do? W.R. 

 SALEM,(Ind.) Dec. 16th, 1861. ALEM TO THE EDITOR:—My time, for the last threeweeks, has been devoted to Lagrange, Noble andSteuben Counties in northern Indiana. This is, Ithink, more than an average of the Anti-Slavery sentimentof the State, being opposed to all compromiseswith the South, upon any other ground than the abolitionof Slavery. The people here and elsewhere, inthese Western States, begin to read the logic of denyingthe right of property in man, and opposing allconstitutional amendments that recognize or protectsuch property. They understand Slavery to be thecause of the present revolution, and its abolition theonly terms of peace. They do not comprehend thenecessity or the practicability of coercing the SouthernStates back into the Union to recover the damagethat we have suffered from Slavery, and its legitimaterobberies, nor to preserve our honor abroad, to whichwe can never have less just claim than while maintaininga Union whose chief bond is Chattel Slavery.So the people almost unanimously say, Let them go,and don't ask us to throw away money or life tobring them back. The loss of all they have taken ismuch less than the cost of recovery, leaving humanlife out of the question, and is, perhaps, not more thanour share of the expenses of abolishing Slavery,which the South tell us k the absolute result of coercion. O THE DITOR Let them go So general is this feeling, that in the scores of meetingsI have held within the last month, not one manhas come forward to compare the advantages of theUnion, and Government revenues, with the rights ofthe four and a half million of slaves, and the libertiesof twenty millions more. With the people who areintelligently opposed to Slavery, and devout worshippersof the higher Law of Freedom, the sentiment ofimmediate emancipation is almost unlimited and universal;and they are instructing their Representativesand Senators in Congress to give to Freedom the benefitof the doubt expressed heretofore by lovers ofFreedom, and now by lovers of Slavery, whether theConstitution gives any guaranty to Slavery thatdoes or can make it secure in the States or the Territoriesof the Union. The women also demand to beheard in their remonstrance against the use of theirmoney, their husbands and sons, to coerce SouthCarolina into the Union, and to desolate the countrywith a civil war, without a true purpose or principle.If these petitions and remonstrances are disregardedby the agents and the parties inaugurated to expressthe will of the people, the North will find enough todo at home, to reconcile the people to their perfidious,cowardly compromise of the clearly expressed sentimentof their constituents, without going to war tosave the Union. Freedom The school-houses are all thrown open to Anti-Slaverymeetings, and old men and maidens, youngmen and mothers, come out, and Petitions, Resolutions,Remonstrances, overflowing houses, and generalagitation, arc the order of the day. A few merchants, ministers and politicians, in thevillages and county seats, trembling for their craft,and denying the rights of the slave, are playing thetyrant over the dupes whom they have subjugated;and in the spirit of mob law and ruffian insolence preventthe agitation of the question, as far as possible,throughout their empire. The people will not always submit to this sickly,simpering domination of these self-constituted dictatorsof society. A few days since, an old Quaker of intelligence andwealth, being denied the use of the Churches, Halls,and Court House, at the County seat, for an Anti-Slaverymeeting, threw off his Quaker hat and coat—and, assuming the spirit of resistance, declared that,cost what it might, Free Speech should not be deniedin his County. And after three days the Court Housewas opened, and the people thoroughly notified of theopposing forces, and their names, filled the house, andentered into a defiant league to maintain Freedomof Speech, and opposition to Slavery. names The existence of Slavery will never cease in thiscountry without this resolute determination on thepart of the North, to deny the right of its recognitionany where—and to declare the right of Freedom everywhere. J.S.G. 

 DEAR MR. GARRISON:—If yon can spare a smallspace in your crowded columns, I should like to expressmy gratitude and delight, as a Massachusettswoman, for the last noble utterance of Wendell Phillipsin Music Hall. In our quiet homes, we have beenwearying over the everlasting Union-saving, compromisetalk in which the papers so abound. At last, herecomes something different—a speech to make ourhearts beat, our eyes fill, our voices tremble, as weread it. "This tune goes manly." It is as if BunkerHill and Plymouth Rock had "broken into voice"! EAR R. ARRISON "Shout for the goes sword's ring!Shout for the thought still truer!"  I have another another "reason for rejoicement,"—in seeing how it is proposed by some of the tremblingslaveholders to "slough off New England." By allmeans. Could there be a finer compliment! Someof as, at least, are proud enough of the glorious distinction!But I still fear that our "glorious Union"will be patched again, or forcibly held together. Mostof the sentiments I hear are warlike in their tone:—people cannot bear to have the public property run offwith In such an impudent style; bat it seems to me itwould be better to let the South go—forts, arsenals,and all,—and "Thank God we are rid of a villain!"However, the feelings of a portion of the people ofMassachusetts, legal voters, and other persons especially,have found expression in the words of Mr. Phillips.Come print will, we shall have these to point toand remember. It is glorious to look forward to thatFuture, perhaps not for distant, when this noble manwill receive the homage so justly his due. How he isyet to be revered and idolized when Ms revilers areforgotten, or remembered only as they, too, deserve!What a debt of gratitude don Woman owe bias asher faithful champion! I often with the woman-degrading,falsely-styled "chivalry" of the Sooth couldsee and bear this true knight, the flues specimen ofNew England chivalry, the product of her bleak androcky shores! God bless him—and may he live tosee every chain broken, and himself the king ofhearts! Yours, truly, persons New England A MASSACUSETTS WOMAN ASSACUSETTS OMAN Lowell. Jan. 23d. 1861. 

