 ☞ The Washington correspondent of the NewYork Tribune says that the death of Col. Baker ofOregon has caused great mourning in the family ofPresident Lincoln. It was the desire of the Presidentand Mrs. Lincoln that the body of Col. Bakershould be taken to the White House and placed in theEast Room, but that course was not practicable. Tribune 

 ☞ We learn that A.T. Foes held a very largeand impressive meeting at Bratttebore', Vt., last Sundayevening. Rev. William H. Channing was present,and made an earnest and congratulatory speech. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment be made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all letters relatingto the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected, (POST-PAID) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements inserted at the rate of five cents perline. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentleman constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz.:—FRANCIS JACKSON, EDMUND QUINCY, EEMUNDJACKSON, and WENDELL PHILLIPS. RANCIS ACKSON DMUND UINCY EMUND ACKSON ENDELL HILLIPS. 

 TWO THOUSAND REBELS ROUTED BY THREEHUNDRED OF FREMONT'S BODY GUARD. The followingis a special dispatch to the St. Louis Republican: WO HOUSAND EBELS OUTED HREE UNDRED REMONT'S ODY UARD. Republican "Head-quarters Western Department, Government Station,Missouri, Oct. 26. The following dispatch hasbeen received, announcing a most brilliant victory atSpringfield by Gen. Fremont's Body Guard, numbering150 men:— Head-quarters Western Department, Government Station,Missouri, Oct. NEAR BOLIVER, Oct. 26. General: I respectfullyreport that yesterday, at 4 P.M., I met at Springfieldabout 2000 rebels formed in line of battle. They gaveme a very warm reception, but your guard, with onefeeling, made a charge, and in less than three minutesthe enemy were completely routed. We cleared thecity of every rebel and retired, it being near nightand not feeling able to keep the place with so small aforce. EAR OLIVER General Major White's command did not participate in thecharge. I have seen charges, but such brilliant braveryI have never seen and did not expect. Their warcry,'Fremont and the Union,' broke forth like thunder. (Signed,) CHARLES SEAGONI, HARLES EAGONI Major Commanding Body Guard." Col. John M. Richardson, who rode over to the vicinityof Springfield last evening, says Seagoni wasguided to the town from Jefferson to the Mount Vernonroad, by Judge Owens. The rebel camp was just out of the city. Seagoniwas compelled to pass through a lane and let down anumber of fence rails before he could charge on thefee, thus drawing their fire. There was a good dealof street firing in Springfield and from the houses. Two secessionists who ran out of their houses andfired at the Body Guard were killed. Seagoni wasadvised of the force of the rebels, but he was determinedto have a fight. Col. Pierce, said to be fromArkansas, commanded one of the rebel regiments. It is thought the cause of the increased rebel forceat Springfield was the large amount of plunder gatheredthere for some weeks past, which, it is stated,they intended to take South with them, but which willof course fall into our hands. The loss of either sideis not stated. 

 ☞"What order of men under the most absolute ofmonarchies, or the most aristocratic of republics, was everinvested with such an odious and unjust privilege as thatof the separate and exclusive representation of less thanhalf a million owners of slaves, in the Hall of this House,in the chair of the Senate, and in the Presidential mansion?This investment of power in the owners of onespecies of property concentrated in the highest authoritiesof the nation, and disseminated through thirteen of thetwenty-six States of the Union, constitutes a privilegedorder of men in the community, to the rightsof all, and more pernicious to the interests of the whole,than any order of nobility over knows. To call governmentthus constituted a Democracy is to insult the understandingof mankind. . . .It is doubly tainted with theinfusion of riches and of slavery. There is no name inthe language of national jurisprudence that can define it—no modal in the records of ancients history, or in the politicaltheories of Aristotle, with which it can be likened. Itwas introduced into the Constitution of the United Statesby an equitation—a representation of property under thename of persons. Little did the members of the Conventionfrom the Free states imagine or foresee what a sacrificeto Moloch was hidden under the mask of this concession."—JOHN QUINCY ADAMS. OHN UINCY DAMS. 

 OFFICIAL ACCOUNT OF THE NAVAL ENGAGEMENTBELOW NEW ORLEANS. Washington, Oct. 25. CommodoreMcKean's dispatches have been received atthe Navy Department. Captain Pope of the Richmond,reports that the hole made in her by the ramwas two feet below the water line, and five inches incircumference. At the first alarm the men cooly repairedto quarters, and as the ram passed abreast ofthe Richmond the entire port battery was dischargedat her, with what effect it was impossible to discoverowing to the darkness. FFICIAL CCOUNT AVAL NGAGEMENT ELOW EW RLEANS. Washington, Oct. A red light was shown as a signal of danger, andthe squadron got under weigh in a very few minutes,having clipped their cables. The Richmond coveredthe retreat. The Preble went over the bar, while theRichmond and Vincennes grounded. The enemy nowcoming down the river, with five steamers, commencedat us, while we returned the fire from our port batteryand rifled gun on the poop, our shot however failingshort, while their shell burst on all sides of us, andseveral passed directly over the ship. At 9.30 Commander Handy, of the Vincennes, mistakingmy signal to the ships outside the bar to getunder weigh, for a signal for him to abandon his ship,came on board the Richmond with all his officers anda large number of the crew, the remainder havinggone on beard the Water Witch. Commander Handy,before leaving his ship, had placed a lighted slowmatch at the magazine. Having waited a reasonabletime for an explosion, I directed Commander Handyto return to his ship with his crow, and to start hiswater, and if necessary at his own direction to throwoverboard his small guns, for the purpose of lighteningthe ship, and to carry out his kedge with a cableto heave off by. At ten A.M. the enemy ceased firing, and withdrewup the river.  During the engagement a shell enteredour quarter port, and one of the boats was stove byanother shell.  Capt. Pope reports that the Vicennesand Richmond are both afloat, and the lead of the latterso reduced that the small engines keep the shipfree.  It is only temporary, and the ship will have togo to some place and have three planks put in. I have received rifled guns, and have placed the 32-pounderon the forecastle, and a 12-pounder on thepoop.  Could I have possibly managed this ship in nayother way than keeping her head up and down theriver, I would have stopped at Pilot-town to give battle,but this was found too hazardous, owing to her extremelength. The attempt was made, but a broadsidecould not be brought to bear without running the shipashore. ☞ The affair near Lebanon, Mo., in which eighty-eightFederal soldiers attacked and routed at least fourhundred rebels, was truly a gallant one, and its details,as sent by telegraph, have been confirmed. Itoccurred on the 13th ult.  A rolla correspondent ofthe St. Louis Democrat says of this action:— "The number killed was greater than was reported.A detachment was sent to bring in the deed. Theenemy were found on the field with a flag of truce,engaged in the same duty. Sixty-two of the enemy'sdead were buried, and one was killed on our side.Four of the rebel wounded love class died, making atotal of sixty-six killed on their side. A captain andlieutenant were killed. The Rev. Mr. Ernest, &Methodistprices of Lebanon, is reported among the dead.guns, which were broken around the trees by our men. The enemy were posted on fact as infantry, withtheir horses in the rear, held by every fourth man.Captain Switzler fired a pistol in order to draw theenemy's fire. As was intended, the rebels fired theirpieces, killing Tucker through an opening in thebrush. Our men then made the charge, rushing forwardwith loud yolks, which terrified the rebel's horses,and caused a regular stampede. Short work wasmade. Some managed to get on their horses. Onehundred and ten of the latter fled to Lebanon riderless. The enemy were pursued a mile and a half;thirty-four prisoners were taken. Lieut. Montgomerysabred six men, and a negro servant killed two andbrought in one prisoner. The rebels numbered fourhundred, while but eighty-eight of our men were inthe engagement—about one to five. The achievementwas a brilliant one. The officers; in their innocencethey believed that because our men all hadsword, they were consequently officers." 

 Extract from a speech delivered by John B. Haskin,late Representative in Congress from the WestchesterDistrict, N.Y.:— The day of the Bull Run disaster 1 was at FortressMonroe, and there I saw the "contrabands,"as they are called. I talked with many of them, andI could not hear of a single one of their race whohad taken up arms against the rebels who have marshaledagainst the government their bondmen andtheir fierce and savage Indians. I very much doubtwhether the four million of negroes, who are nowsteeped in slavery and abject misery, are yet fit forfreedom. The President has proved, by his actionin the matter, that he is a Jackson. He proclaimsnot only that the Constitution, the Union, and thelaws shall be maintained by others, of whatever sectionbut that he will maintain them himself in everybranch of his Administration. * * * * Let us disregardthe theories of fanatics. North and South.Only a short time since, Wendell Phillips, in Boston,on the anniversary of the birth of Theodore Parker,proclaimed aloud that he was opposed to theConstitution of 1787, and to the Union which hasconferred so many blessings upon mankind, becauseslavery was tolerated. That was as treasonable adeclaration as that of Yancey, and other Southernmen. that the Southern States have a right to secede.I admire Wendell Phillips as an eloquent orator; yet1 must say that for the utterance of his treasonablesentiments against the Constitution and the Union,he ought, as well as the aristocrat, Charles JamesFaulkner, to be incarcerated in Fort Lafayette.* *I see such men as Wendell Phillips, Lewis Tappan,John Jay, of this county, and who, in years gone by,obtained an ephemeral legal notoriety by issuingwrits of habeas corpus in behalf of fugitive slaves,Good ell, and others of the Garrisoning abolitionschool, doing all in their power, like the Breckenridge.to distract our people. They ought to knowthat their declaration that the Constitution is "aleague with the devil, and a covenant with hell," andtheir anathemas against Lincoln and his Administration,may incite an indignant people to shout, "A lalanterne!" "A la Fort Lafayette!" and inducethem thus to remove from their midst a band of pestiferousagitators.(Applause.)We owe it to ourselves,we owe it to the country, we owe it to theSouthern citizens who have remained devoted to theUnion through blood and disaster, that these fanatics,North and South, should be "crushed out." In theSouth. Let us disregardthe theories habeas corpus A lalanterne!" "Many dream, withal, the hoar is nighThat gives them back their fathers' heritage."  Do not let them imagine that the North is abolition zed,and that (Garrison, and Phillips, and Jay, areexponents of the Northern people. (Cries of "that'sright," and applause.) 

 ☞ The taking of Lexington, Mo., on the 16thult. by Major White, was done by 150 men. The rebelgarrison numbered 400, under the notorious Capt.Shelby. Major White sent forward a spy and discoveredthe strength of the enemy. The surprisewas so complete that the rebels knew nothing of theapproach of our faces until a valley was poured inupon them. They threw down their arms in thegreatest confusion and fled in every direction. Ourmen pursued them for eight or nine miles and took agreat quantity of pistols, guns, knapsacks and otherarticles, which they threw away to facilitate theirfight. Besides these, they found two pieces of cannon atthe pose. There are now there more than one hundredof the rebels, sick or wounded. Portions of the town are utterly laid waste, andthere is actual suffering among the inhabitants forfood and the necessaries of life. The stores and manydwellings have been stripped. The rebels took every.thing they could carry, and wantonly destroyed muchthat they were obliged to leave. 

 * * * No one will be at a loss to know who is responsiblefor so calamitous a state of things. Underthe tutelage of an aristocracy in Great Britain, jealousof the success of American institutions, the Garrisons,Tappans, and Leavitts, of thirty years ago,began those machinations which under Greeley,Beecher, Raymond, Cheever, Wendell Phillips, andothers, culminated in the creation of a party whichdenounced the Constitution as "a league with hell,and a covenant with death," and never relaxed itsincendiary efforts until the slaveholding States hadKen goaded into overt acts of treason. Northernfanaticism, fostered by British gold, and the discontentand rebellion in the Smith which it engendered,are the sources of all our evils, and both are still seeking,at the present hour, to reap the fruits of theiriniquitous labors. * * * * * Yet, in the very midstof the inter-State quarrel which 1s engulphing suchvast treasures of life and property, the two factionsin the loyal States which, from the outset, have embarrassed the patriotic measures of the President,continue to throw every impediment in the way ofthe government, and to prevent the recruiting of theFederal army, by every means in their power. Forthis purpose, the rotten Democratic leaders of theRegency, under Cagier, Richmond, and their affiliatein Tammany Hall, have put forward an anti-Administrationticket, pledged to denunciation ofthe wisest and most essential steps that have beentaken by the President, and calculated to sow theseeds of discontent and insurrection in the rural districts.On the other hand, such Abolition organs asthe Tribune, Anti-Slavery Standard, Times, Liberator,and Independent, are loud in their outcries againstthe President for not sanctioning the illegal proclamationof Gen. Fremont, and are seeking to undermineby ultra-abolition, anti-constitutional ravings,the popularity which Mr. Lincoln baa acquired bythe firmness, fairness, and conservatism of his con-duct.* * * The duty of government is unmistakable,with respect to all of those who are seekingto shackle in hands or prevent the free developmentof the great uprising of patriotism that has been witnessedin the Northern States. The electioneeringwirepullers of the Regency, as well as those who controlthe Abolition organs of the North, should bealike looked after. If Fort Lafayette is not roomyenough to bold them, there are plenty of otherstrongholds where they may be secured, and thepeople will applaud the cheek which will thus begiven to the most subtle and active enemies of thegreat national cause.—New York Herald. Tribune, Anti-Slavery Standard, Times, Liberator,and Independent New York Herald. 

 FEDERAL VICTORY AT ROMNEY, VIRGINIA. Washington,Oct. 27th. Lieut Gen. Scott to-day receivedthe following despatch, dated Romney, Va., Oct. 26,P.M. "In obedience to your orders, I moved on thisplace at 12 o'clock last night, attacked the enemy at8 o'clock this afternoon and drove la their outposts,and after a brilliant action of two boars, completelyrooted them, taking all their cannon and much ofequipage, and many prisoners. Our lose isbut cannot say to what extent. EDERAL ICTORY OMNEY IRGINIA. Washington Brig. Gen. B.F. KELLY, Commanding." ELLY 

 Dr. Cheever, since his return from Europe, hasbeen tailoring with might and main to accomplishthe destructive ends of his patrons in England, fromwhom he received money to keep up his church.yesterday, he poured forth one of his customary incendiaryabolition harangues, calculated to disturbthe action of the Federal government, excite insurrectionin the loyal States, and afford indirect aid tothe rebellion which is distracting the country. ThePuritan Church found itself, with its pastor, in sucha dilapidated financial position some months since,that Dr. Cheever went abroad for the purpose ofRising money to keep his establishment a-going.How much he obtained from his Exeter Hall mendshas not been divulged; but be certainly got enoughto entitle those who gave him their contributions, inorder that his abilities as an ecclesiastical demagoguemight not be lost, in the grant work of underminingfree institutions, and upsetting American nationality,to feel sure that he would employ all his energies mtheir behalf. He is proving himself to be a faithfulagent of our enemies; bat be ought, none the less,to be silenced by the authorities, and shut up at FortLafayette, or elsewhere, where law capacity for mischiefwill be more limited. Where Bencher, Cheever,Greeley, Garrison, Raymond, and others of thatstripe, who are daily reviling our patristic President,and sowing discord in the Northern States, are putunder look and key, the last obstacle will have beenremoved to entire unity of feeling and action thisside of the Potomac.—New York Herald. New York Herald. 

 THE MESSAGE OF GOVERNOR HARRIS, OF TENNESSER. The Nashville Union of Oct 9th. containsthe message of Gov. Harris, delivered to the Legislatureon the day preceding. We make the followingextracts from it:— HE ESSAGE OVERNOR ARRIS, OF ENNESSER. Union "It is due to Tennessee to say, and it may be saidwithout disparagement to other States, that our peoplehave done more to the work of raising, organizing,arming and equipping an army than was ever beforeaccomplished by any State in the tame length oftime. Having no military organization, and almostwithout arms, and destitute of authority to raisetroops or procure arms until the passage of the act ofthe 6th of May last, within less than two months fromthe passage of this act thirty thousand volunteerswere organized and thrown into the Held. Too much credit cannot be awarded to the patrioticpeople of the State for the alacrity with which theyhave rushed to the standard of their country upon thefirst intimation of necessity. I have been compelledto decline the services of a large number tendered inexcess of the demand. In addition to the provisionalarmy of the State, a number of regiments have beenraised for Confederate service, making in the aggregatethirty-eight infantry regiments, seven cavalrybattalions and sixteen artillery companies, which Tennesseehas contributed to the common defence." 

 BY EDWARD L. PIERCE, ESQ. * * * On the 23d of May, General Butler orderedthe first reconnoitring expedition, which consistedof a part of toe Vermont regiment, and proceededunder the command of Colonel Phelps overthe dike and bridge towards Hampton. They wereanticipated, and when in sight of the second bridgesaw that it had been set on fire, and, hastening forward,extinguished the flames. The detachment thenmarched into the village. A parley was held witha secession officer, who represented that the men inarms in Hampton were only a domestic police.Meanwhile, the white inhabitants, particularly thewomen, had generally disappeared. The negroesgat he red around our men, and their evident exhilarationwas particularly noted, some of them saying,"Glad to see you, Massa," and betraying the fact,that, on the approach of the detachment, a fieldpiecestationed at the bridge had been thrown intothe sea. This was the first communication betweenour army and the negroes in this department. The reconnoissance of the day had more importantresults than were anticipated. Three negroes,owned by Colonel Mallory, a lawyer of Hamptonand a rebel officer, taking advantage of the terrorprevailing among the white inhabitants, escapedfrom their master, skulked during the afternoon, andin the night came to our pickets. The next morning,May 24th, they were brought to General Butler,and there, for the first time, stood the Major-Generaland the fugitive slave face to face. Beingcarefully interrogated, it appeared that they werefield-hands, the slaves of an officer in the rebelservice, who purposed taking them to Carolina tobe employed in military operations there. Two ofthem had wives in Hampton, one a free coloredwoman, and they had several children in the neighborhood.Here was a new question, and a graveone, on which the Government had as yet developedno policy. In the absence of precedents or instructions,an analogy drawn from international law wasapplied. Under that law, contraband goods, whichare in time of war be imported by neutrals into an enemy'scountry, and may be seized as lawful prizewhen the attempt is made so to import them. Itwill be seen, that, accurately speaking, the termapplies exclusively to the relation between a belligerentand a neutral, and not to the relation betweenbelligerents. Under the strict law of nations, allthe property of an enemy may be seized. Underthe common law, the property of traitors is forfeit.The humaner usage of modern times favors thewaiving of these strict rights, but allows, withoutquestion, the seizure and confiscation of all suchgoods as are immediately auxiliary to military purposes.These able-bodied negroes, held as slaves,were to be employed to build breastworks, to transportor store provisions, to serve as cooks or waiters,and even to bear arms. Regarded as property, accordingto their master's claim, they could be efficientlyused by the rebels for the purposes of therebellion, and most efficiently by the Governmentin suppressing it. Regarded as persons, they hadescaped from communities where a triumphant rebellionhad trampled on the laws, and only the rightsof human nature remained, and they now asked theprotection of the Government, to which, in prevailingtreason, they were still loyal, and which theywere ready to serve as best they could.  The three negroes, being held contraband of war,were at once set to work to aid the masons in constructinga new bakehouse within the fort. Thenceforwardthe term "contraband" bore a new signification,with which it will pass into history, designatingthe negroes who had been held as slaves, nowadopted under the protection of the Government.It was used in official communications at the fort.It was applied familiarly to the negroes, who staredsomewhat, inquiring, "What d'ye call us that for?"Not having Wheaton's "Elements" at hand, we didnot attempt an explanation. The contraband notionwas adopted by Congress in the Act of July6th, which confiscates slaves used in aiding the insurrection.There is often great virtue in suchtechnical phrases in shaping public opinion. Theycommend practical action to a class of minds littledeveloped in the direction of the sentiments, whichwould be repelled by formulas of a broader andnobler import. The venerable gentleman, whowears gold spectacles and reads a conservative daily,prefers confiscation to emancipation. He is reluctantto have slaves declared freemen, but has noobjection to their being declared contrabands. Hiswhole nature rises in insurrection when Beecherpreaches in a sermon that a thing ought to be donebecause it is a duty, but he yields gracefully whenButler issues an order commanding it to be donebecause it is a military necessity. On the next day, Major John B. Cary, anotherrebel officer, late principal of an academy in Hampton,a delegate to the Charleston Convention, and aseceder with General Butler from the Conventionat Baltimore, came to the fort with a flag of trace,and, claiming to act as the representative of ColonelMallory, demanded the fugitives. He remindedGeneral Butler of his obligations under the FederalConstitution, under which be claimed to act. Theready reply was, that the Fugitive Slave Act couldnot be invoked for the reclamation of fugitives froma foreign State, which Virginia claimed to be, andshe must count it among the infelicities of her position,if, so far at least, she was taken at her word. The three pioneer negroes were not long to beisolated from their race. There was no knownchannel of communication between them and theirold comrades,' and yet those comrades knew, or believedwith the certainty of knowledge, how theyhad been received. If inquired of whether morewere coming, their reply was, that, if they were notsent back, others would understand that they wereamong friends, and more would come the next day.Such is the mysterious spiritual telegraph whichruns through the slave population. Proclaim anedict of emancipation in the hearing of a singleslave on the Potomac, and in a few days it will beknown by his brethren on the Gulf. So, on thenight of the Big; Bethel affair, a squad-of negroes,meeting our solders, inquired anxiously the way to"the freedom fort.' The means of communicating with the fort fromthe open country became snore easy, when on the24th of May, (the same day on which the firstmovement was made from Washington into Virginiathe Second Sew York Regiment made itsencampment on the Segar farm, lying near thebridge which connected the fort with the main-landan encampment soon enlarged by the First Vermontand other New York Regiments. On Sundaymorning, Mar 26th, eight negroes stood before thequarters of General Butler, waiting for an audience.They were examined in part by the Hon. Mr.Ashley, M.C. from Ohio, then a visitor at the fort.On May 27th, forty-seven negroes of both sexes andail ages, from three months to eighty-five years,among whom were half a dozen entire families, camein one squad. Another lot of a dozen good fieldhandsarrived the same day; and then they continuedto come by twenties, thirties, and forties.They were assigned buildings outside of the fort ortents within. They were set to work as servants toofficers, or to store provisions landed from vessels,—thus relieving as of the fatigue duty which we hadpreviously done, except that of dragging and mountingcolumbiads on the ramparts of the fort, a servicewhich some very warm days have impressed on mymemory. On the 27th of May, the 4th Massachusetts Regiment,the 1st Vermont, and some New York Regimentsmade an advance movement, and occupiedNewport News, (a promontory named for CaptainChristopher Newport, the early explorer.) so asmore effectually to enforce the blockade of JamesRiver. There, too, negroes came in, who were employedas servants to the officers. One of them, whenwe left the fort, more fortunate than his comrades,and aided by a benevolent captain, eluded the vigilanceof the Provost Marshal, and is now the curiosityof a village in the neighborhood of Boston. It was now time to call upon the Government fora policy in dealing with slave society thus disruptedand disorganized. Elsewhere, even under theshadow of the Capitol, the action of military officershad been irregular, and in some cases in palpableviolation of personal rights. An order of GeneralMcDowell excluded all slaves from the lines. Sometimesofficers assumed to decide the question whethera negro was a slave, and deliver him to a claimant,when, certainly in the absence of martial law, theyhad no authority in the premises, under the Act ofCongress,—that power being confided to commissionersand marshals. As well might a member ofCongress or a State sheriff usurp the function.Worse yet, in defiance of the Common Law, theymade color a presumptive proof of bondage. Inone ease, a free negro was delivered to a claimantunder this process, more summary than any whichthe Fugitive Slave Act provides. The colonel of aMassachusetts regiment showed some practical humorin dealing with a pertinacious claimant whoasserted title to a negro round within his lines, andhad brought a policeman along with him to aid inis,) retaining the policeman, put both the claimantand claimed outside of the lines together to trytheir fleetness. The negro proved to be the bettergymnast and was heard of no more. This capricioustreatment of the subject was fraught with seriousdifficulties as well as personal injuries, and itneeded to be displaced by an authorized system. On the 27th of May, General Butler, having ina previous communication reported his interviewwith Major Cary, called the attention of the WarDepartment to the subject in a formal dispatch,—indicating the hostile purposes for which the negroeshad been or might be successfully used, statingthe course be bad pursued in employing them andrecording expenses and services, and suggestingpertinent military, political, and humane considerations.The Secretary of War, under date of the30th of May, replied, cautiously approving thecourse of General Butler, and intimating distinctionsbetween interfering with the relations of personsheld to service and refusing to surrender themto their alleged masters, which it is not easy toreconcile with well-defined views of the new exigency,or at least with a desire to express them.The note was characterized by diplomatic reservewhich it will probably be found difficult long tomaintain. The ever-recurring question continued to pressfor solution. On the 6th of July, the Act of Congresswas approved, declaring that any person claimingthe labor of another to be due to him, and permittingsuch party to be employed in any militaryor naval service whatsoever against the Governmentof the United States, shall forfeit his claim to suchlabor, and proof of such employment shall thereafterbe a full answer to the claim. This act wasdesigned for the direction of the civil magistrate,and not for the limitation of powers derived frommilitary law. That law, founded on salus reipublican,transcends all codes, and lies outside of forms andstatutes. John Quincy Adams, almost prophesyingas be expounded, declared, in 1842, that under itslavery might be abolished. Under it, therefore,Major-General Fremont, in a recent proclamation,declared the slaves of all persons within his department,who were in arms against the Government,to be freemen, and under it has given title-deeds ofmanumission. Subsequently, President Lincoln limitedthe proclamation to such slaves as are includedin the Act of Congress, namely, the slaves of rebelsneed in directly hostile service. The country hadcalled for Jacksonian courage, and its first exhibitionwas promptly suppressed If the revocation was madein deference to protests from Kentucky, it seemsthat, while the loyal citizens of Missouri appeared toapprove the decisive measure, they were overruledby the more potential voice of other communitieswho professed to understand their affairs batter thanthey did themselves. But if, as is admitted, thecommanding officer, in the plenitude of militarypower, was authorized to make the order within hisdepartment, all human beings included in the proclamationthereby acquired a vested title to theirfreedom, of which neither Congress nor Presidentcould dispossess them. No conclusive behests oflaw necessitating the limitation, it cannot rant onany safe reasons of military policy. The one slavewho carries his master's knapsack on a march contributesfar less to the efficiency of the rebel anythan the one hundred slaves who hoe corn on hisplantation with which to replenish its commissariatWe have not yet emerged from the fine-drawn distinctionsof peaceful times. We may imprison orslaughter a rebel, hot we may not unless his holdon a person ha has claimed as a slave. We mayseize all his other property without question, lands,houses, cattle, jewels; but his asserted property mman is more sacred than the fold which overlay theArk of the Covenant, and we may not profane itThis reverence for things assumed to be sacred,which are not so, cannot long continue. The Governmentcan well turn away from the enthusiast,however generous his impulses, who asks the abolitionof slavery on general principles of philanthropy,for the reason that it already has workenough on its bands. It may not change the objectsof the war, but it must of necessity at times shiftits tactics and its instruments, as the exigency demands.Its solemn and imperative duty is to lookevery issue, however grave and transcendent, firmlyin the face; and having ascertained, upon matureand conscientious reflection what is necessary to sup pentthe rebellion it must then proceed with inexorablepurpose to inflict the blows where rebellionis weakest, and under which it must inevitably fall. salus reipublican On the 10th of July, General Butler, being stillapprovided with adequate instruction—the numberof contrabands baring now reached nine hundred,—applied to the War Department for furtherdirections. His inquiries, inspired by good senseand humanity alike, were of the moat fundamentalcharacter, and when they shall have received a fullanswer, the war will be near its end. Attaining theslaves to hare been the property of masters, be considersthem waifs abandoned by their owners, inwhich the Government as a finder cannot, however,acquire a proprietary interest, and they have thereforereverted to the normal condition of those madein God's image, M if not free-born, yet free-manumitted,sent forth from the hand that held them, neverto return." The author of that document maynever win a victor's laurels on any renowned field,bat, depositing it in the archives of the Government,be leaves a record in history which will out-lastthe traditions of battle or siege. It is proper toadd, that the answer of the War Department, sofar as its meaning is clear, leaves the General uninstructedas to all slaves not confiscated by the Act ofCongress. * * * * * * The negroes who remained, [in Hampton, afterthe flight of their tauten,] of whom there mayhave been three hundred of all ages, lived in smallwooden shanties, generally in the rear of the master'shouse, rarely having more than one room onthe lower floor, and that containing an open fireplacewhere the cooking for the master's family wasdone, tables, chairs, dishes, and the miscellaneousstencils of household life. The masters had takenwith them, generally, their waiting-maids and house-servants,and had desired to carry all their slaveswith them. But in the hasty preparations,—particularlywhere the slaves were living away fromtheir master's close, or had a family,—it was difficultto remove them against their will, as they couldskulk for a few hours and then go where theypleased. Some voluntarily left their slaves behind,not having the means to provide for them, or, anticipatinga return at no distant day, desired themto stay and guard the property. The slaves who remainedlived upon the little pork and corn-mealthat were left and the growing vegetables. Theyhad but little to do The women looked after theirmeagre household concerns, but the men were generallyidle, standing in groups, or sitting in front ofthe shanties talking with the women. Some beganto serve our officers as soon as we were quartered inthe town, while a few others set up cake-standsupon the street that some breastworks should be thrown up, and aline was planned extending from the old cemeterynorthward to the new one, a quarter of a mile distant.Our own troops were disinclined to the labor,their time being nearly expired, and they claimingthat they had done their share of fatigue duty bothat the fort and at Newport News. A member ofBrigadier-General Pierce's staff—an efficient officerand a humane gentleman—suggested the employmentof the contrabands and the furnishing of themwith rations, an expedient best for them and agreeableto us. He at once dictated a telegram to GeneralButler in then words:—"shall we pot the contrabandsto work on the intrenchmenta, and willyon furnish them with rations?" An affirmativeanswer was promptly received on Monday morning,July 8th, and that was the first day in the course ofthe war in which the negro was employed upon themilitary works of our army. It therefore marks adistinct epoch in its progress and in its relations tothe colored population. The writer—and henceforthhis narrative must indulge in the frequent useof the first person—was specially detailed from hispost as private in Company L of the Third Regimentto collect the contrabands, record their names,ages, and the names of their matters, provide theirtools, superintend their labor, and procure their rations.My comrades smiled, as I undertook thenovel duty, enjoying the spectacle of a MassachusettsRepublican converted into a Virginia slave-master.To me, it seemed rather an opportunity totoad them from the boon of bondage never to return.For, whatever may be the general duty tothis race, to all such as we have in any way employedto aid our armies, our national faith and ourpersonal honor are pledged. The code of a gentleman,to say nothing of a higher law of rectitude,necessitates protection to this extent. Abandoningone of then faithful allies, who, if delivered up,would be reduced to severer servitude became ofthe education he had received and the services hehad performed, probably to be transported to theremotest slave region as now too dangerous to remainnear its borders, we should be accursed amongthe nations of the earth. I felt assured that fromthat hour, whatsoever the fortunes of the war, everyone of those enrolled defenders of the Union hadvindicated beyond all future question, for himself,his wife, and their issue, a title to American citizenCharta, the Declaration of Independence, and theConstitution of the United States.  Passing through the principal streets, I told thecontrabands that when they heard the court-housebell, which would ring soon, they must go to thecourt-house yard, where a communication would bemade to them, In the meantime, I secured the valuableservices of some fellow-privates, one forquarter-master two others to aid in superintending,at the trenches, and the orderly-sergeant of any owncompany, whose expertness in the drill was equaledonly by his general good sense and business capacity.Upon the ringing of the bell, about forty contrabandscame to Urn yard. A second explorationadded to the number some twenty or more, who hadnot heard the original sunstones They then cameinto the building, where they wore called to orderand addressed I had argued to judges and juries,but I had never spoken to such auditors before in acourt-room. I told them that the colored men hadbeen employed on the breastworks of she rebels,and we needed their aid—tent they would he requiredto do only each labor as we cur salved haddone—that they should be treated Madly, and socan should be obliged to work beyond his capacityor if unwell—and that they should be furnished ina day or two with full soldiers rations. I told themthat their master had said they were an indolentpeople—that I did not believe the charge—that Iwas going home to Massachusetts soon and shouldbe glad to report that they were as industries asthe white. They generally showed no displeasure,same even saying that not having done much forsome time it the best thing for them to be nowemployed. Four of five man ever fifty years oldsaid that they suffered from rheumatism, and couldnot work without injury.  Being confirmed by theby-standers, they were dismissed.  Other old mensaid they would do what they could, and they wereassured that no more would be required of them.Two of them, provided with a bucket and dipperwere detailed to carry water all the time along theline of laborers. Two young men fretted a little,and claimed to be disabled in some way. Theywere told to resume their seats, and try first andsee what they could do,—to the evident amusementof the rest, who knew them to be indolent and disposedto shirk. A few showed some sulkiness, butit all passed away after the first day, when theyfound that they were to be used kindly. One well-dressedyoung man, a carpenter, feeling a little betterthan his associates, did not wear a pleasant faceat first. Finding out his trade, we set him to sawingthe posts for the entrenchments, and he was entirelyreconciled. Free colored men were not requiredto work; but one volunteered, wishing, ashe said, to do his part. The contrabands complainedthat the free colored men ought to be requiredto work on the entrenchments as well asthey. I thought so too, but followed my orders. Afew expressed some concern lest their masters shouldpunish them for serving us, if they ever returned.One inquired suspiciously why we took the name ofhis master. My reply was, that it was taken inorder to identify them,—an explanation with whichhe was more satisfied than I was myself. Severalwere without shoes, and amid that they could notdrive the shovel into the earth. They were told touse the picks. The rest of the forenoon being occupiedin registering their names and ages, and thenames of their masters, they were dismissed to cometogether on the ringing of the bell, at two, P.M. It had been expressly understood that I was tohave the exclusive control and supervision of thenegroes, directing their boars of labor and theirrests, without interference from any one. The workitself was to be planned and superintended by theofficers of the Third and Fourth Regiments. Thisexclusive control of the men was necessarily confidedto one, as different lieutenants detailed eachday could not feel a responsibility for their welfare.One or two of these, when rests were allowed thenegroes, were somewhat disgusted, saying that negroescould dig all the time as well as not. I hadhad, some years before, an experience with the use ofthe shovel under a warm sun, and knew better, andI wished I could superintend a corps of lieutenantsand apply their own theory to themselves. At two, P.M., the contrabands came together,answered to their names, and, each taking a shovel,a spade, or a pick, began to work upon the breast-worksfarthest from the village and close to the newcemetery. The afternoon was very warm, thewarmest we had in Hampton. Some, used only tohousehold or other light work, wilted under theheat, and they were told to go into the cemeteryand lie down. I remember distinctly a corpulentcolored man, down whose cheeks the perspirationrolled, and who said be felt badly. He also was toldcame back relieved, and where was no more laborer among them all during the rest of the time.Twice or three times in the afternoon an intermissionof fifteen minutes was allowed to all. Thusthey worked until six in the evening, when theywere dismissed for the day. They deposited theirtools in the court-house, where each one of his ownaccord carefully put his pick or shovel where hecould find it again,—sometimes behind a door, andsometimes in a sly corner or under a seat, preferringto keep his own tool. They were then informedthat they must come together on the ringingof the bell the next morning at four o'clock. Theythought that too early, but they were assured thatthe system best for Weir health would be adopted,and they would afterwards be consulted about changingit. The next morning we did not rise quite soearly as four, and the bell was not rang till someminutes later. The contrabands were prompt, theirnames had been called, and they had marched tothe trenches, a quarter of a mile distant, and werefairly at work by half-past four or a quarter beforefive. They did excellent service during the morninghours, and at seven were dismissed till eight.The roll was then called again, absences, if any,noted, and by half-past eight they were at theirpost. They continued at the trenches till eleven,being allowed rests, and were then dismissed untilthree, P.M. being relieved four hours in the middleof the day, when, the bell being rung, and theroll called, they resumed their work and continuedtill six, when they were dismissed for the day. Suchwere the hours and usual course of their labor.Their number was increased some half dozen byfugitives from the back-country, who came in andasked to be allowed to serve on the intrenchments.  The contrabands worked well, and in no instancewas it found necessary for the superintendents tourge them. There was a public opinion among themagainst idleness, which answered for discipline.Some days they worked with oar soldiers, and itwas found that they did more work, and did thenicer parts—the facings and dressings better. ColonelsPackard and Wardrop, under whom directionthe breast-works were constructed, and GeneralButler, who visited than, expressed satisfaction atthe work which the contrabands had dose. On the14th of July, Mr. Russell, of the London Times,and Dr. Ballows, of the Sanitary Commission, cameto Hampton, and manifested much interest at theof the experiment. The result was, indeed,A subaltern officer, to whom I had insistedthat the contrabands should be treated withkindness, had encored at the idea of applying philanthropicnotions in time of war. It was found then,as always, that decent persons will accomplish morewhen treated at least like human beings. Thesame principle, if we will but credit our own experience, and Mr. Rarey too, may with advantage beextended to our relations with the beasts thatserve us. London Times Three day after the contrabands commencedtheir work, five days' rations were served to them—a soldier's ration for each laborer, and half a rationfor each dependant. The allowance was liberal,—as a soldier's ration, if properly cooked, is morethan he generally needs, and the dependant forwhom a half ration was received might be a wife ora half grown child. It consisted of salt beef orpork, hard bread, beans, rice, coffee, sugar, soap,and candle, and where the family was large, itmade a considerable pile. The recipients wenthome, appearing perfectly satisfied, and feeling assuredthat our promises to them would be performed.On Sunday, fresh most was served to themin the same manner as to the troops. There was one striking feature in the contrabandswhich most not be omitted. I did not heara preface or vulgar word spoken by them duringmy superintendence, a remark which it will be difficultto make of any sixty-four white man taken togetheranywhere in our army. Indeed, the greatestdiscomfort of a soldier, who desire to remain agentleman in the camp, in the perpetual reiterationof language which no decent lips would utter in asister's presence. But the negroes, so dogmaticallyrecommended unit for freedom, were in this respect,models for those who make high boasts of civility ofmanners and Christian culture.  Out of the sixty-fourwho worked for us, all but half a dozen weremembers of the Church, generally the Baptist.  Althoughwithout a paster, they hold religion meetingson the Sunday which we passed in Hampton,which were attended by about sixty colored personsand three hundred soldiers.  The devotionswere decorously conducted, bating some loud shoutingby one or two excitable brothers, which the bettersense of the rest could not suppress. Theirprayers and exhortations were forvent and markedby a simplicity which is not infrequently the richesteloquence. The soldiers behaved with entire propriety,and two exhorted them with pious unction,as children of one Father, reasoned by the sameRedsemer. To this general propriety of conduct among thecontrabands intrusted to me there was only one exception,and that was in the case of Joe— hissurname I have forgotten. He was of a vagrantdisposition and an inveterate shirk. He had aplausible speech and a disterted imagination, andmight be called a demagogue among darkies. Hebore as ill physiognomy,—that of one "fit for treasonsstratagems and spoils. He was disliked bythe other contrabands and had been refused admissionto their Church, which he wished to join in orderto get up a character. Last, but not least,among his sins, he was accustomed to beat his wife,of which she accused him in my presence; whereuponhe justified himself on the brazen assumptionthat all husbands did the same. There was no goodreason to believe that he had already been temperedwith by rebels; but his price could not be morethan five dollars. He would be a disturbing elementamong the laborers on the breastworks and hewas a dangerous person to be so near the lines; wetherefore sent him to the fort. The last I heard ofhim, he was at the Rip Raps, bemoaning his isolation,and the butt of our soldiers there, who chargedhim with being a "search," and confounded himby gravely asserting that they were such themselves,and had seen him with the "secesh" at Yorktown.This was the single goat among the sheep. our On Monday evening, July 15th, when the contrabandsdeposited their tools in the court-house I requestedthem to stop a moment in the yard. I madeeach a present of some tobacco, which all the menand most of the women use. As they gathered in acircle around me, head peering over head, I spoketo them briefly, thanking them for their cordialwork, and complimenting their behavior, remarkingthat I had heard no profuse or vulgar word fromthem, in which they were an example to us,—addingthat it was the last time I should meet them, aswe were to march homeward in the morning andthat I should bear to my people a good report of theirindustry and morals. There was another word that Icould not leave without speaking. Never beforein our history had a Northern man, believing in thedivine right of all men to their liberty, had an I should have been false to all that is true and sacred,if I had let it pass. I said to them that therewas one more word for me to add, and that was,that every one of them was as much entitled to hisfreedom as I was to mine and I hoped they wouldnow all secure it. "Believe you, bess," was thegeneral response, and each one with his rough gravellyhand grasped mine, and with tearful eyes andbroken utterances said, "God bless you!" "Maywe meet in Heaven!" "My name is Jack Allen,don't forget me!" "Remember me, Kent Anderson!"and so on. No,—I may forget the play-fellowsof my childhood my college classmates, myprofessional associates my comrades in arms, butI will remember you and your benedictions until Icause to breathe! Farewell, honest hearts, longingto be free! and may the kind Providence whichforgets not the sparrow shelter and protect you!  During our encampment at Hampton, I occupiedmuch of my leisure time in conversation with thecontrabands, both at their work and in their shanties,endeavoring to collect their corrents of thoughtand feeling. It remains for me to give the result,so far as any could be arrived at. There were more negroes of unmixed Africansblood than we expected to find. But many wereentirely bleached. One man, working on thebreastworks, onward by his cousin, where name hebore, was no darker than white laborers exposed bytheir occupation to the sun, and could not be distinguishedas of negro descent. Opposite our quarterswas a young slave woman who has been threetimes a mother without ever having been a wife.You could not discorn in her three daughterseither in color, feature, or texture of hair, the slightesttrace of African lineage. They were as light-facedand fair-haired as the Saxon slaves whom theRoman Pentiff, Gregery the Great, met in the marketsof Rome. If they were to be brought here andtheir pedigree concealed. they could readily minglewith our population and marry white men, whowould never suspect that they were not pure Caucasians. From the best knowledge I could obtain, the negroesin Hampton had rarely been severely whipped.A locust-tree in front of the jail had beenused for a whipping post, and they were very desirousthat it should be out down. It was used, howeveronly for what are known there as figurant offenceslike running away. Their masters, when inill-temper had used rough language and inflictedchance blows, but no one ever told me that he hadsuffered from systematic cruelty, or been severelywhipped except Jan, whom character I have given.Many of them bore testimony to the great kindnessof their masters and mistresses. Separation of families had been frequent. Ofthis I obtained definite knowledge. When I wasregistering the number of dependants, preparatoryto the requisition for rations, the answer occasionallywas, "Yes, I have a wife, but she is not here.""Where is she?" "She was sold off two years ago,and I have not heard of her since." The husbandof the women who took care of the quarters of Gen.Pierce had been sold away from her some years before.Such separations are regarded as death, and theslaves re-marry. In some case the bereft one—soan intelligent negro assured me—pines under his bereavementand loss his value; but so clastic is humannature, that this did not appear to be generallythe case. The same answer was given about children—that they had been sold away. This, in aslave breeding country, is done when they are abouteight years old. Can that be a mild system of servitudewhich permits such enforced separations?Providence may, indeed, sunder forever those dearestto each other, and the stricken soul accepts theblow as the righteous discipline of a Higher Power;but when the bereavement is the arhitrary dictateof human will, there are no such consolations tosanctify grief and assuage agony. There is a universal desire among the slaves to befree.  Upon this point my inquiries were particular,and always with the same result.  When we said tothem, "You don't want to be free—your masterssay you don't".—they manifested much indignation,answer, "We do want to be free,—we want tobe for ourselves."  We inquired further, "Do thehouse slaves who wear their master's clothes want tobe free?"  "We never heard of one who did not,"was the instant reply. There might be, they said,some half-crazy one who did not care to be free, butthey had never seen one. Even old men and women,with crooked backs, who could hardly walk orsee, shared the same feeling. An intelligence secessionist,Lowery by name, who was examined at headquarters,admitted that a majority of the slaveswanted to be free. The more intelligent the slave,and the better he had been used, the stronger thisdesire seamed to be. I remember one such particularly,the most intelligent one hi Hampton, knownm an "influential darkey," ("darkey" being thefamiliar term applied by the contrabands to themselves.)He could read, was an exhorter in thechurch, and officiated in the absence of the minister.He would have made a competent juryman. Hismistress, he said, had been kind to him, and hadnever spoken as harshly to him as a captain's orderlyin the Naval Brigade had done, who assumedone day to give him orders. She had let him workwhere be pleased, and he was to brine her a fixedBum, and appropriate the surplus to his own use.She pleaded with, bin to go away with her fromHampton at the time of the exodus, but she wouldnot force him to leave hit family. Still be hated tobe a slave, and be talked like a philosopher abouthis rights. No captive in the galleys of Algiers,not Lafayette in an Austrian dungeon, ever pinedmore for free air. He had saved eighteen hundreddollars of his surplus earnings in attendingon visitors at Old Point, and had spent it all inlitigation to secure the freedom of his wife and children,belonging to another master, whose will hademancipated them, but was contested on the groundof the insanity of the testator. He had won a verdict,but his lawyers told him they could not obtainjudgment upon it, as the judge was unfavorable tofreedom.  The moat frequent question asked of one who hashad any means of communication with the contrabandsduring the war is in relation to their knowledgeof its cause and purposes, and their interestin it. One thing was evident,—indeed, you couldnot talk with a slave who did not, without prompting,give the same testimony,—that their mastershad been most industrious in their attempts topersuade them that the Yankees were comingdown there only to get the land, —that theywould kill the negroes and manure the groundwith them, or carry them off to Cuba or Haytiand sell them. An intelligent man who hadbelonged to Colonel Joseph Segar—almost the onlyUnion man at heart in that region, and who for thatreason, being in Washington at the time the war began,had not dared to return to Hampton—servedthe staff of General Pierce. He bore the highesttestimony to the kindness of his matter, who, bewild, told him to remain,—that the Yankees werethe friends of his people, and would use them well."But," said David,—for that was his name,—"Inever beard of any other master who talked thatway, but they all told the worst stories about theYankees, and the mistresses were more furious eventhan the masters." David, I may add, spite of hisgood master, longed to be free. The masters, in their desperation, had within afew months resorted to another device to secure theloyalty of their slaves. The colored Baptist ministerhad been something of a pet among the whites,and had obtained subscriptions from some benevolentcitizens to secure the freedom of a handsomedaughter of his who was exposed to sale on anauction-Mock, where her beauty inspired competition.Some leading Secessionists, Lawyer Hope forone, working somewhat upon his gratitude andsomewhat upon his vanity, persuaded him to offerthe services of himself and his sons, in a publishedcommunication, to the cause of Virginia and theConfederate States. The artifice did not succeed.He lost his hold on his congregation, and could nothave safely remained after the whites left. He feltuneasy about his betrayal, and tried to restorehimself to favor by saying that be meant no harmto his people; but his protestations were in vain.His was the deserved fate of those in all ages who,victims of felly or bribes, turn their backs on theirfollows. Notwithstanding all these attempts, the negroes,with rare exceptions, still Relieved that the Yankeeswere their friends. They had learned something inPresidential elections, and they thought their masterscould not hate us as they did, unless we weretheir friends. They believed that the troubleswould some bow or other help them, although theydid not understand all that was going on: Theymay be pardoned for their want of apprehension,when some of our public men, almost venerable,bewildered and grope blindly. They were somewhatperplexed by the contradictory statements ofour soldiers, some of whom, according to theirwishes, said that the contest was for them, and othersthat it did not concern them at all, and theywould remain as before. If it was explained tothem, that Lincoln was chosen by a party who wereopposed to extending slavery, but who were also.opposed to interfering with it in Virginia,—thatVirginia and the South had rebelled, and we hadcome to suppress the rebellion,—and although the objectof the war was not to emancipate them, yet thatnight be its result,—they answered that they understoodthe statement perfectly. They did not seeminclined to fight, although willing to work. Morecould not be expected of them, while nothing ispromised to them. What latent inspirations theymay have remains to be seen. They had at first amysterious dread of fire-arms, but familiarity is rapidlyremoving that. The religions element of their life has been noticed.They said they had prayed for this day, andGod had sent Lincoln in answer to their prayers.We used to overhear their family devotions, somewhatloud according to their manner, in which theyprayed earnestly for our troops. They built theirhopes of freedom on Scriptural examples, regardingthe deliverance of Daniel from the lions' den, andthe Three-Children from the furnace, as symbolic oftheir coming freedom. One said to me that masters,before they died, by their wills sometimes freedtheir slaves, and he thought that a type that theyshould become free. type One Saturday evening, one of them requestedme to call and see Mm at his home the next morning.I did so, and be handed me a Bible belongingto his mistress, who bad died a few days before, andwhose bier I bad helped to carry to the family vault.He wanted me to read to him the eleventh chapterof Daniel. It seemed that, as one of the means ofkeeping them quiet, the white clergymen, during thewinter and spring, had read them some verses fromit to show that the Sooth would prevail, enforcingpassages which ascribed great dominion to "theking of the South," and suppressing those which subsequentlygive the supremacy to "the king of theNorth." A colored man who could road had foundthe latter passages and made them known. Thechapter is dark with mystery, and my auditor, quiteperplexed at I read on', remarked, "The Bible is avery mysterious book." I read to him also the thirty-fourthchapter of Jeremiah, wherein the sadprophet of Israel records the denunciations by Jehovahof sword, pestilence and famine against theJews for not proclaiming liberty to their servantsand handmaids. He had not known before thatthere were such passages in the Bible. The conversations of the contrabands on theirtitle to be regarded as freemen showed reflection.When asked if they thought themselves fit forfreedom, and if the darkies were not buy, their answerwas," Who bat the darkies cleared all the landround here? Tea, there are lazy darkies, bat thereare more lazy whites." When told that the freeblacks had not succeeded, they answered that thefree blacks have not had a fair chance under thelaws,—that they don't dare to enforce their claimsagainst white men,—that a free colored blacksmithhad a thousand dollars due to bias from white men,but he was afraid to see for any portion of it. Oneman, when asked why he ought to be free, replied—" I feed and clothe myself, and pay my masterone hundred and twenty dollars a year; andthe one hundred and twenty dollars is just so muchtaken from me, which ought to be need to makeate and my children comfortable." Indeed, brokenas was their speech, and limited as was their knowledge,they reasoned abstractly on their rights as wellas white men, Locke or Channing might have fortifiedthe argument for universal liberty from theirsimple talk. So true is it that the best thoughtswhich the human intellect has produced hate come,not from affluent learning or ornate speech, butfrom the original element of our nature, commonto all races of men and all conditions in life; andgenius the highest and most cultured may bendwith profit to catch the lowliest of enema utterances. There was a vary general desire among the contrabandsto know how to read. A few had learned;and these, in every instance where we inquiredas to their teacher, had been taught on the sly intheir childhood by their white playmates. Othersknew their letters, but could not "put them together,"as they said. I remember of a summer afternoonseeing a young married women, perhaps twenty-fiveyears old, seated on a door stop withprimer before her, trying to make progress. In natural tact and the faculty of getting a livelihoodthe contrabands are inferior to the Yankees,but quite equal to the mass of the Southern population.It is not easy to see why they would be lessindustrious, if free, thee the whites, particularly asthey would have the encouragement of pages.There would be transient difficulties of the outset,but no more than a bad system lasting for agesmight be expected to leave behind. The first generationmight be unfitted for the action duties andresponsibilities of citizenship; but this difficulty, undergenerous provisions for education, would not passto the next. Even now they are not to much behindthe masses of the whites. Of the Virginianswho took the oath of allegiance at Hampton, notmore than one in fifteen could write his name, andthe rolls captured at Hatters disclose an equallydeplorable ignorance. The contrabands might beless addicted than the now dominant race to bowie-knivesand duels, think less of the value of bludgeonsas forensic arguments, be less inhospitable toinnocent sojourners from the Free States, and havefar inferior skill in robbing forts and arsenals, plunderingthe Treasury, and betraying the country atwhose crib they had fattened; but mankind wouldforgive them for not acquiring these accomplishmentsof modern treason. As a race, they may beless rigorous and thrifty than the Saxon, but theyare more social, docile and affectionate, fulfilling thetheory which Channing held in relation to them, ifadvanced to freedom and civilization. If, in the progress of the war, they should becalled to bear arms, there need be no apprehensionthat they would exhibit the ferocity of savage races.Unlike such, they have been subordinated to civilizedlife. They are by nature a religious people.They have received as education in the Christianfaith from devout teachers of their own and of thedominant race. Some have been taught (let us believeit) by the precepts of Christian masters, andsome by the children of those masters, repeating thelessons of the Sabbath School. The slaveholdersassure us that they have all been well treated.If that be so, they have no wrongs to avenge.Associated with our army, they would conform tothe stronger and more disciplined race. Nor isthis view disproved by servile insurrections. Inthose cases, the insurgents, without arms withoutallies, without discipline, but throwing themselvesagainst society, against government, against everything,saw no other escape than to devastate anddestroy without mercy in order to get a foothold.If they exterminated, it was because exterminationwas threatened against them. In the Revolution,in the army at Cambridge, from the beginning tothe close of the war, against the protests of SouthCarolina by the voice of Edward Rutledge, but withthe express sanction of Washington,—ever just,ever grateful for patriotism, whencesoever it came,—the negroes fought in the ranks with the white men,and they never dishonored the patriot cause. Soalso at the defence of New Orleans they receivedfrom General Jackson a noble tribute to their fidelityand soldier-like bearing. Weighing the questionhistorically and reflectively, and anticipating thecapture of Richmond and New Orleans, there needbe more serious apprehension of the conduct of someof our own troops recruited in large cities than ofa regiment of contrabands officered and disciplinedby white men. But, as events travel faster than laws or proclamations,already in this war with Rebellion the tworaces have served together. The same breastworkshave been built by their common toil. True andvaliant, they stood side by side in the din of cannonade,and they shared as comrades in the victoryof Hatteras. History will not fail to record, that onthe 28th day of August, 1861, when the Rebel fortswere bombarded by the Federal army and navy,under the command of Major-General Butler andCommodore Stringham, fourteen negroes, lately Virginiaslaves, now contraband of war, faithfully andwithout panic worked the after-gun of the upperdeck of the Minnesota, and hailed with a victor'spride the Stars and Stripes, as they again waved onthe soil of the Carolinas. 

 THE GREAT NAVAL EXPEDITION.—Three days agoinformation appeared in all the papers, of as immensenaval expedition, which had long been la secret preparation,and which was to sail from Annapolis, withsealed orders, for some part of the South. HE REAT AVAL XPEDITION. Its departure was first delayed by a storm, and thena day was given to rehearsal, at Fortress Monroe, ofthe complicated movements of landing with surfboats.Meantime, it was reported that the dark ofthe commanding officer had absconded, carrying withhim the maps, charts, plans and sealed orders of theexpedition. This rumor was afterwards contradicted.This fleet actually sailed from Fortress Monroe, onTuesday morning, Oct 29th. How unspeakablygreater, every way, would the enact of this expeditionhave been upon the enemy, had its departure beenpreceded by a proclamation of Freedom to the Slaves. 

 DEAR MR. EDITOR:—Your contributors areprobably just now scattered, or scattering, over thewhole of Europe, if not farther. Having myselfbeen away from town since the 3d, I don't knowmuch of what may have been the talk there aboutthe American war, and the defeat of the Northernarmy at Manasses Junction. You may have fixedon some one to write on the subject, and in that caseyou can consign this letter to the waste-paper basket;but, if there is no one told off for this duty, Ihope you will let me volunteer, for I do think thatthe tone of all our leading journals, (so far as I havebeen able to see them in this delightfully quiet littlefishing village) has, with the single exception of TheSpectator, been ungenerous and unfair, and has notrepresented the better mind of England. At thesame time, under present circumstances, it is better,perhaps, to nut what I have to say, in the form of aletter, for which I alone am responsible. EAR R. DITOR TheSpectator In the first place, then, this defeat, this panic atManasses Junction, had it been ten times as disastrousas it has been, has not altered in the least, andcannot alter, the rights and wrongs of the great questionat issue. A truism, this, no doubt; but, for allthat, when one sees the way in which mere successis worshipped here, and the sudden spring which theSouth has made into popularity in newspaper columnssince the last mails, a truism which needs repeating!If the North were right before, they areright now, though defeated. If the Confederateswere rebels before, they are rebels still, though triumphantfor the moment. If the United States were to remain a nation atall, they had not only the right, but were bound byevery fueling of national honor, to strain every nerveto bring the secessionists to reason. How did theyset about the work? They were utterly unprepared,without troops, without officers, without militarystores. Their troops had been carefully scattered insmall detachments, over the Western and SouthernStates; the officers were almost all Southerners, whoresigned their commissions and joined the rebels;the stores bad been accumulated in the Southernforts and arsenals. They waited as long as therewas hope of an amicable arrangement; when thathope came to nothing, at the word of the President,the whole North rose as one man. That rising wasas grand, as noble a national act, as any which wehave seen, or are likely to see, in our generation.It wrung an approval, even from that portion of thepress and people of this country who were most exasperatedat the unlucky Morrill tariff, and at themenacing attitude which the President's governmentchose to assume towards us. Have they flinched from their work? We bear,indeed, of a regiment or two of volunteers, enlistedfor three months, who are going borne; but the nationhas not shown the slightest symptom of turningback. On the contrary, the President, Congress,and the nation, though they may show their resolutionin ways which do not please us — which wouldnot be ours, perhaps, under like circumstances—doshow the most unflinching resolution to go throughwith what they hate begun. When this is so nolonger, it will be time enough to sneer at them. Then, as to the battle itself, and the panic; whatis the fair view of it? By the time this letter isprinted, we may, perhaps, have full details; at present,one has nothing beyond the barest possible dispatches,and a set of one-sided accounts, written understrong excitement, to go upon. From these,however, we find that there was a determined struggleof many hours, before the Northern troops werebeaten. Jefferson Davis's dispatch begins, "ManasassJunction, Sunday night.—Night has closed upon ita hard fought field; ear forces are victorious," etcThere is no evidence whatever, as yet, that thetroops which were in action did not behave gallantly,but much the other way. Some regiments arereported as "cut to pieces." I think that these aremost likely New England or New York regiments,composed chiefly of Americans, and well organized;men who knew what they were fighting for, andhow to fight All accounts agree in the statementthat the troops which took the lead in the panic,were a rabble of all nations, Americans, Irish, Germans,and ethers, who had been hastily thrown, together,and half drilled. They will fight wellenough yet, when they have been made into regulars;but volunteers to fight well, must be borne upby enthusiasm for a cause, which have was whollywanting. And, as to the panic, we may just as wellremember what has been so well put in The Spectator,that these troops, "in their maddest excitement,did nothing which was not done by the Farmingtonwho, within five days, drove the first infantry inEurope back from the bill of Valmy." The Spectator, The advance was premature, badly pleased, andnot well executed. This is surely natural enough,at the beginning of such a war. It seems that theNorthern press are largely responsible for the movement.And here, again there are good ground heanything but contempt and hard words. On thenews of the defeat, all the best of the Northern papershave acknowledged their error, and formallyundertaken to abstain from military criticism. Ourown papers are so little in the habit of acknowledgingthemselves in the wrong, or of abstaining fromcriticism, however ill-judged, on any matter underthe sun, that I confess to being rather struck by thisaction of the American journalists. While speaking of American journals, I may remarkthat the passages cited in The Times, and otherpapers, which have so disgusted and angeredmany of us, are from the New York Herald, a notoriouslySouthern paper, and one of the most scurrilousjournals in the whole States. At the breakingout of the war, the office of this paper was with difficultypreserved from destruction. Since that time,it has not dared to show its Southern sympathies,but has devoted itself, in the obvious interests of itsclients, to the work of embroiling the NorthernStates with us, by its unscrupulous and lying virulence.I quite admit that the tone of the governmentand people of the North has been such as deeply togrieve and disappoint every right-minded Englishmen;but don't let us saddle them with the franticslanders of the New York Herald . These mustbe put, in all fairness, to the credit of the South. The Times Herald Herald Hitherto I have been speaking without immediatereference to the great cause in issue. I believe that,apart from that cause, the North are entitled to oargood wishes. They are in the right, apart from allquestion of slavery. If they really mean to leave"State rights" untouched—if they are not evenfighting to keep "the territories" free—if, as weare often told in newspaper articles, slavery hasnothing to ear to the war at all—I must repeat thatthey are emphatically right. But does anybody seriously believe this? Willany serious person get up and say, in his own name,or write in his own name, that the meaning of thewhole war—the point really at issue, from first tolast—has not bean, and is not, (to pot it at the lowest)whether slavery shall be confined to its presentlimits in North America, or allowed to extend asand where it can? That was the issue; perhaps itis so still. But those who entered on the war withthis as the goal of their hopes and efforts, who wouldgladly have accented the limitation of slavery to itspresent limits a few months or weeks ago, will, unlessthey are very different men from what I believethem to be—unless the teaching of all history is vain—not be content now with, this compromise. Thegreat cause of freedom will draw them, and the nationafter them, along paths which they would neverhave sought for themselves. was It is the battle of human freedom which the Northare fighting, and which should draw to them thesympathy of every Englishman, and make him castto the winds all Morrill tariffs and angry talk aboutCanada, all bad manners, and hard words. If theNorth is beaten, it will be a misfortune such as hasnot come on the world since Christendom arose.An empire will be founded in these Southern Stateson the simple base of slavery, having no other startingpoint or principle, whatever, than their right toenslave men of their own flesh and blood. It is ofno use to speculate upon what the acts and policy ofsuch a State will be. The world will see that soonenough, should it arise. Meantime the NorthernStates stand alone between us and it, and the greatestmisfortune which can happen to us and to mankind,will be their defeat. God grant that they may hold on, and be strong!Gal grant that they may remember that the greatesttriumphs have always come, and must alwayscome to men, through the greatest humiliations.God himself could not set men free but through thisrule. I am yours very truly, THOMAS HUGHES. 

 ☞ Lt. Porter, of the Powhatan, reports, arrived atMaranham Sept 24th, only five days after the Sumterhad left. The latter had cruised for two or three daysat the mouth of that harbor to overhaul the brig Mark,expected from New York. The Governor of Maranhamtreated the officers of the Sumter with everycourtesy, promising them that they might sell theMaria there if she was captured, and supplied her withcoal, but was unwilling to do the same by the Powhatan.On entering Maranham, the Sumter got ashoreand lost her false keel, and when she left was leaking.She left under sail, having housed the smoke stack.She had taken no prizes since the Abbie Bradford,and it was understood that her motto was to burn, sinkand destroy, particularly Boston and Eastern vessels.Lieut Porter left Sept 28th, and put into St. ThomasOct 9, where his last despatches are dated. 

 LETTER FROM "TOM BROWN." SIR,—A winter in the Saturday Review or Pre-week,in an article on " Mrs. Beecher Stowe'sWounded Feelings," has done me the honor of couplingmy name with hers. It docs not appear exactlywhy he has done this. Probably it is due to aletter of mine in a late number of Macmillan's Magazine, in which I maintained what no person slightlyacquainted with the recent history of the UnitedStates could ever have doubted, what the reviewerhimself, after Fremont's proclamation, and the othernews brought by the last mail, cannot, I suppose,now doubt—that the slavery question is at issue, isin fact the material issue, in this war. IR Saturday Review Macmillan's Magazine What a Saturday Reviewer may say or think ofme is not of the least consequence; nor would it beworth while to notice the tone of that or of otherleading English papers on any borne question. Weare used to them, and their habits of speech andthought, and have become comfortably case-hardened.But this is not so with Americans, and inview of the bitter feeling which has been roused inthem by our press within the last six or eightmonths, and which will probably outlive our generation,I should be glad if you will allow me to say afew words. Let any Englishman try to put himself honestlyin the place of an American, and then read sucharticles as the one to which I have alluded, andwhich is by no means an unfavorable specimen ofthe class, and I venture to say he will no longerwonder at the effect they have had in the UnitedStates. They are remarkable for two characteristics:first, for the deliberate imputation of meanmotives, and, secondly, for the cruel spirit in whichthey are written. It may have been right to sayunpleasant things, but it cannot be right to saythem in the way of all others which will give mostpain. To a nation or a man engaged in a strugglefor life or death, the tone of flippant and contemptuousserenity is the worst we can adopt, if we mustspeak. Take this article as a specimen: If an Englishgentleman felt a call to write remarks on theletter of a very distinguished American lady—aletter which is, at any rate, full of deep sorrow forthe estrangement between our two countries—needbe have entitled his remarks "Mrs. Stowe's WoundedFeelings"? Ought he to have talked about "agood cry, and a flounce out of the room"?—oughthe to have sneered at her appeal to the "great fellowshipof Christian freedom"? or to have congratulatedher "that she has at least contributed aLucifer match to the conflagration"? This is nothingbut saying what he had to say in the most offensivemanner, and seeking to inflict, or being utterlycareless of inflicting, unnecessary pain. If that bethe object of Saturday reviewers, of course there isnothing more to be said. They do their work inmasterly style. But the nation is paying somewhatdearly for its penny whistle of smart writing, bymeans of which many of its leading journalists aredoing their best to rouse the hatred of all nationsagainst us. As to the imputation of the worst motives to theNortherners by the Times and the Saturday Review,from the first outbreak of hostilities till now, couldanything have been more unfair, or mom needless?Nations as well as men are two-sided. There is mthem both the mean self-seeking nature, and themanly, God—like nature, always struggling the oneagainst the other. To which will you appeal, if youwish to see nation or man go right andThe surest way to make men act from low motives,is not to give them credit for high ones. Nothingcan be easier, and to a certain extent it proves ourcleverness to do this. Every action probably hasits mean aide, and if it should turn out after all thatthe mean is the stronger in say particular ease, ourforesight would have been at fault had we not anticipatedthis. To take the particular instance inpoint. Times Saturday Review We all know that the North has not put the slaveryquestion forward officially. All of us who careto study the subject know why this has not beendone. Many of us think the policy unwise, andthe reason wholly insufficient. We may think andsay that, if permitted in, it will rain the cause of theNorth, that it has already given an enormous advantageto the seccessionists. But this is quite otherthing from crying out, ever and ever again,"It is naught, it is naught. These Yankees are,after all, only fighting for terrific and hurt reality."It was our duty, as the nation which has taken thelead in the abolition of slavery, to have borne allthings from, and hoped all things for, those whohad gone down into the lists with the great slavePower; to have gives them credit for what theycould not, or dared not, yet now; to have encouragedthem to go bravely on in the path they hadtaken, let it lead them where it might. We havenot done this. Our press has chosen to take theother courts, to impute the lowest motives, to pulloutand exult over all the meanness, and bragging,and disorder which the context has brought out,and while we sit on the bank to make no allowancesfor those who are struggling in the waves. Theconsequence is the state of feeling we see now in allloyal Americans towards England. I am, yours truly, THOMAS HUGHES. 

 THE FRIENDLY SLAVE. One of the officers of theMassachusetts 20th, who was In the battle at Ball'sBluff from early morning until late at eight, statesthat he did not leave the Virginia shore until 9 P.M.,when be found a friendly negro, who, m the hour ofdarkness, ferried him across in his skiff to a place ofsafety upon the Maryland shore. HE RIENDLY LAVE. 

 "I lay this down as the low of nations. I say that themilitary authority takes, for the time, the place of all municipalinstitutions, slavery among the rest. Under thatstate of things, so far from its being true that the Stateswhere slavery exists have the exclusive management of thesubject, not only the President of United States, but thecommander of the army, has power to order the universalemancipation of the slaves." I lay this down as the low of nations. I say that themilitary authority takes, for the time, the place of all municipalinstitutions, slavery among the rest. Under thatstate of things, so far from its being true that the Stateswhere slavery exists have the exclusive management of thesubject, not only the President of United States, but thecommander of the army, has power to order the universalemancipation of the slaves. "From the instant that your slaveholding States becomethe theatre of war, civil, servile or foreign, from that insolentthe war powers of Congress extend to interferencewith the institution of slavery in every way in which itcan be interfered with, from a claim of indemnity forslavery taken or destroyed, to the cession of the State burdenedwith slavery to a foreign power." From the instant that your slaveholding States becomethe theatre of war, civil, servile or foreign, from that insolentthe war powers of Congress extend to interferencewith the institution of slavery in every way in which itcan be interfered with, from a claim of indemnity forslavery taken or destroyed, to the cession of the State burdenedwith slavery to a foreign power. JOHN QUINCY ADAMS. OHN UINCY DAMS. 

 ☞ The General Sherman who has command ofthe coast expedition is the Sheraton of artillery renown,in connection with the battery of hisThe Sherman in command in Kentucky is the brotherof Senator Sherman, and when the rebellion brokeout was residing in Louisiana, from which he hastenedto offer his services to the Government. 

 ☞The following Memorial to the next Congresshas been prepared far universal circulation, with thebelief that it will readily be adopted by ah bat thosewho are in favor of eternizing die accursed system ofslavery—who, while pretending to be on the tide ofthe Government, are secretly in hearty sympathy withthe Southern traitors—and who would prefer to teethe Federal forces every where defeated, the blood andsubstance of the people expended to no purpose, andthe role of the Southern Confederacy victorious overthe whole country, rather than have the oppressed setfree wider law, even though a satisfactory adjustmentis proposed in the cue of the so-called loyal slaveholders.Let the moat active measures be at once takento procure the signatures of men and women, votersand non-voters, to this Memorial, in every city, townand village. A MILLION such can be easily obtainedby energetic and concerted action—but no time is tobe lost. In a note just received from Gerrit Smith,he says—"I am glad to receive this morning fromBoston, three copies of a Petition of excellent form.I immediately put my name to one, and will, withoutdelay, have them all in circulation. Let the encloseddraft be accepted as my share of the expense in scatteringcopies of the Petition over the country." ☞Printed copies of the Petition, for gratuitouscirculation, may be obtained at the Anti-Slavery Officesin Boston, New York and Philadelphia. 'PROCLAIM LIBERTY THROUGHOUT ALL THE LAND,TO ALL THE INHABITANTS THEREOF." To the Congress of the United States: To the Congress of the United States The undersigned, citizens of, State ofrespectfully submit— That as the present formidable rebellion against theGeneral Government manifestly finds its root andnourishment in the system of chattel slavery at theSouth; as the leading conspirators are slaveholders,who constitute an oligarchy avowedly hostile to allfree institutions; and as, in the nature of things, nosolid peace can be maintained while the cause of thistreasonable revolt k permitted to exist; your enacting, under the war power, the total abolition ofslavery throughout the country—liberating unconditionallythe slaves of all who are rebels, and, whilenot recognizing the right of property in man, allowingfor the emancipated slaves of such as are loyal to thegovernment a fair pecuniary award, in order to facilitatean amicable adjustment of difficulties; andthus to bring the war to a speedy and beneficent termination,and indissolubly to unite all sections andall interests of the country upon the enduring basisof universal freedom.  ☞Editors of newspapers are requested to give thisMemorial one or more insertions in their columns. Editors of newspapers are requested to give thisMemorial one or more insertions in their columns. 

 ST JOSEPH, Mo., Oct 26. The Pacific Telegraphwas completed to Sen. Francisco yesterday, and was infine warping order last evening. The first throughmessage transmitted over the line was from StephenJ. Field, Chief Justice of California, in the absence ofthe Governor, to Abraham Lincoln, President of theUnited States, In consequences of the line being closedEast of here before we received notice of the line workinglast night, we were obliged to hold the message,with others, over night. The enterprise is a completesuccess. Press dispatches and private businessforwarded from have up to 12 o'clock last night, werelaid before the penile in California this morning. T OSEPH CLEVELAND, Ohio, Oct 26. The following messagefrom H.W. Carpenter, President of the CaliforniaStates Telegraph Company was received to-day: LEVELAND SAN FRANCISCO, Oct, 26. To J.H. Wade, Presidentof the Pacific Telegraph Company: We great youacross the Continent You, beat as by a day at two,but we forgive you, and for it receive our congratulations. (Signed) H.W. CARPENTER. AN RANCISCO To J.H. Wade, Presidentof the Pacific Telegraph Company ARPENTER. NEW YORK, Oct 26. The overland telegraph toCalifornia is completed. The following dispatch wasreceived this afternoon:— EW ORK SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 26. To the Mayor of NewYork;San Francisco to New York sends greeting,and congratulates her on the completion of the enterprisewhich connects the Pacific with the Atlantic.May the prosperity of both cities be increased thereby,and the projectors of this important work meet withhonor and reward. H. F. TESCHEMAKER, AN RANCISCO. To the Mayor of NewYork Mayor of Sen. Francisco. Mayor of Sen. Francisco. SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 25. An announcement hasjust been made of the completion of the last link ofthe Overland Telegraph. The Pacific to the Atlanticsends greeting, and may both oceans be dry before afest of all the land that lies between them shall beingto any other than our united country. AN RANCISCO The completion of the last link of the AmericanTelegraph to this city connects Cape Race with theGolden Horn, traversing nearly 5000 miles with onecontinuous wire, and bringing those two points withintwo hours' telegraphic time of each other. The next westward extension of the line will be viaBehring's Straits to the north of the Amoor river, towhich point the Russian government is already constructinga line, commencing at Moscow. One very important feature in this project is thefact that when the line to the Amoor is finished fromboth sides, the whole world will be in telegraphic connectionwith but forty miles of submarine cable acrossBehring's Straits. Pending the completion of the extension to theAmoor, it is proposed to establish at this part a line ofmail steamers to China and Japan, bringing the Chinesemails and news to this city in twenty days. Fromhence the news will be telegraphed to New York orCape Race, so as to reach Europe in advance of thedispatched sent in the Red Sea route. T.STARR KINE'S GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA.—REV.T. Starr King sends the following nate of greetingfrom distant California:— TARR INE'S REETINGS FROM ALIFORNIA. SAN FRANCISCE, Oct. 24th—8 P.M. Editor Transcript:All hall! A new hand of Union betweenPacific and Atlantic! The lighting now greet out ofthe West and shineth even to the East! Heaven preservethe Republic; and bless old Boston from hub to rim! TA.  STARR KING. AN RANCISCE Editor Transcript A.  TARR ING. NEW YORK, Oct. 26. The following is the reply ofthe mayor of New York to the dispatch of the Mayorof San Francise:— EW ORK "New York return her greetings to San Francisco.Let the union thus so happily consummated betweenthem ever remain unimpaired. The Union forever,whether between the East and the West or the Northand South. Let it be continued and preserved." GREETINGS TO THE PRESIDENT FROM CALIFORNIA.—Washington, Oct. 27th. Since Friday, when the Pacificand Atlantic Telegraph was opened, the Presidenthas received a number of dispatches ever the line.These embrace the announcement from the Presidentof the Telegraph Company that the line it completed,and express a hope that it may be a bond of perpetuitybetween the States of the Atlantic and these ofthe Pacific. REETINGS RESIDENT ALIFORNIA. Washington, Oct. 27th. Gov. Downey of California expresses in the nameof the people of that State their congratulations at thecompletion of the noble enterprise that place them inimmediate communication with the Capital and withtheir fellow citizens in the East, and expressing thehope that the golden links of the Constitution mayever unite as a happy and free people. The President and Secretary of the Pioneers, theoldest organization on the Pacific coast, send greetingto the President of the United State as a society loyal,and as a State loyal. They pray God to save one andindivisible our glorious Union. Leland Stanford sends the following: "To-dayCalifornia is but a second's distance from the Nationalcapital. Her patriotism with the electric currentthrobs responsive with that of her sister States, andhold civil liberty and union above all price." The Grand Division of the Sons of Temperancesends the following:— "To the President of the United States greeting:Liberty, Union and Temperance, one and inseparableforever. By order. JOHN WADE, P.G.W.P." OHN ADE The Mayor of Stockton transmits the following"—"Stockton sends greeting to your Excellency, withthe assurance that she is true to the Constitution andthe laws, and for the thorough crushing out of rebellion." Gov. Nye, in behalf of the Territory of Nevada,says: "Mountain bound Nevada avails herself of theearliest opportunity to send upon the wings of lightningto her National home assurance of her filial attachmentto the Union as formed by our fathers, andher earnest sympathy with those who are striving tomaintain it." The following is dated Capitol, Carson City, NevadaTerritory, through her first Legislative Assembly:"To the President and people of the United States,greeting: Nevada for the Union, ever true and loyal.the last born of the nation will be the last to desertthe flag. Our aid to the extant of our ability can berelied upon to crush the rebellion. (Signed) J.L. VAN BAKELEN, President." AN AKELEN President. 

 The religion of a country should be its most activeand vigorous helper in the renunciation of evildoingand the commencement of practical reform.As far as the vice of slaveholding is concerned, ourreaders are aware that the churches of our popularreligion hare been its main bulwark; not only doingnothing to overthrow it, but holding active complicitywith it, and placing active obstruction in the way ofthose who would overthrow it. would The Presbyterian church stands third in relativenumbers and weight of membership among the sectsin this country. Its influence, therefore, has beenvery great, especially in the West In no churchhare the ministers and church-members been moredetermined in the maintenance of slavery; in nonehave greater hardness of heart and blindness of mindbeen manifested, both in the systematic allowance ofthe worst features of the system, and in the manufactureof arguments by which to maintain its necessityand propriety. As to the arguments, those which Mrs.8towe has pat into the mouths of the Presbyterianministers depicted in "DEED" are almost a literalcopying of the1 debates in their Presbyteries andSynods: and as to the facts, it was a Presbyterianchurch in Tennessee which not only refused to takemeasures against Deacon Netherlands for the killingof his aged slave, (on a charge afterwards provedgroundless,) bat which dismissed its minister forurging the enforcement of "discipline" upon themurderer; and It was the Presbyterian Board of Missionswhich took into its service Rev. Cyrus Buyington, (formerly missionary of the "American Board"at Stockbridge, in the Choctaw nation.) without regardto the fact that he was an accomplice after thefact in the burning alive of one of his church membersby another. After the perpetration of this crimein their Choctaw mission, the "American Board"had found " embarrassments and perplexities" pressingheavily upon them, and had made haste to shufflethe whole mission off their hands. But the PresbyterianBoard of Missions found neither embarrassmentnor perplexity In this state of things; theywere accustomed to slavery, and is its results; and theymade no difficulty about immediately taking undertheir care that group of slaveholding churches in theChoctaw Nation, and that wolf in sheep's clothingwho called himself "pastor" of the Stockbridgechurch, when the Boston managers of the "AmericanBeard "had dropped them as "too hot to hold." EED and is its results The Presbyterian Church, however, having always,like the other churches, been troubled by a smallminority of protestants against slavery, cast an anchorto windward to break the farce of remonstrance'son that subject as early as in 1818; for in that yearthey published that famous Declaration which theyhave ever since appealed to as showing them freefrom guilt in the matter of slavery. This double-facedand deceitful document used many and strongexpressions unfavorable to slavery, at the same time allowingits indefinite continuance among its ministers andchurch-members. Ever since, they have continued tobuy, hold, and sell slaves! Ever since, also, whenwith guilt in regard to slavery, they haveheld up the empty words of this Declaration in theirdefence! So Pilate, after delivering up Jesus to becrucified, washed his hands to show his innocence! at the same time allowingits indefinite continuance among its ministers andchurch-members. show his innocence Such has been the position of the PresbyterianChurch show 1018. But times have changed and menare changing.  "The world" has made many movementin the direction of anti-slavery. his thechange yet reached the Church! Let us look at thelatest evidence. We joyfully hasten to note a specimen, the only onewe have seen of satisfactory progress in one of thedepartments of that body, "The United Presbyterianchurch." Its "General Synod." comprising sixteenPresbyteries a body representing considerable wealthand influence, lately held a meeting in AlleghenyCity, Pennsylvania, and adopted the following, amongother resolutions— Resolved, That while as Christian men and patriots wezealously and heartily support our National Governmentin the present war for the maintenance of its integrity, weare not blind to the defects of our institutions, to the defectiveadministration of law, and our sins as a nation:that we trace our present national difficulties mainly toslavery; that by this and our other sins,... we have offendedGod, and there is no hope for us but in repentancecannot be acceptable to God unless we, as a action breakoff our sine, unless we acknowledge him and His low andprovidence and ceasing to countenance this wicked systemof slavery see all the means is our power to carry intoeffect the law of the Bible, "to loss the bands of wickednessundo the heavy burdens, to let the appended go free,and that ye break every yoke,'remembering thatrightbecomes exalted a nation," and that "sin is a repressto nay people," in accordance with the principleof the Declaration of our National Independence seek tomaintain every man in the enjoyment of his rights as aman. Resolved, That the Slave power, by inauguratingthis wicked rebellion against the government has forfeitedall claim to any protection or toleration of its peculiarinstitution; and as the most speedy way ofestablishing justice insuring domestic tranquility, andsuppressing the rebellion we approve of the manumission,by military proclamation of the slaves; and the confiscationof all the property of those found in arms against thegovernment to all the military districts in which ourcommanding offers now have or many hereafter have,military jurisdiction. This is very good talk. The general court amongthose few American ecclesiastical bodies which are aenough advanced to talk right, on the subject of slavery,has been to stop there, and let the talk be a substitutefor action. Bat the 8ywd at Allegheny showsthat they meant what they said, by choosing a committeeof six to proceed to the city of Washington"for the purpose of pressing upon the attention of thePresident and his Cabinet, as well as upon other officersof the Government, the duty and necessity of takingimmediate steps to pot away our national sine, thatwe may be restored to the favor of God." This is one happy exception, in the midst of a sectthat seems, in the main, devoted as earnestly as everto the continued toleration of slavery. Every otherexpression of Presbyterian sentiment that we haveseen either confines itself to empty talk, and mere talk,more or less unfavorable to slavery, or makes direct orindirect opposition to any interference with slavery bythe Government or the army. Take, for example, theresolutions of two Synod*, whose annual meetinghave just closed, and the editorial position of two Presbyteriannewspapers, of wide circulation and influent The Synod of New York and New Jersey, in themidst of a series of warmly patriotic resolutions, vigorouslysupporting the war, falls back upon the olddouble-faced testimony of the Presbyterian church(above described) as expressive of its sentiment, anrecommends prayer instead of work in regard to slaveryas if the duty of removing it belonged to Godand not to its own members.' Here is its testimony: "3. That while we do not feel called on to add anythingto the repeated testimony of oar Church on the subject ofslavery, nor to offer soy advice to the Government on thesubject, still, folly believing that it lies at the foundationof ail our present national troubles, we recommended to aour people to pray more earnestly than ever for its removaland that the time may speedily come when God byHis providence shall take it away, that nothing may Ileft of it bat the painful record of its past existence." The Synod of Illinois talks more strongly, but takesno action. It says— "We acknowledge the hand of God in the scourgecivil war. We confess that oar national forgetfulness ofGod, our pride and worldliness our lust of power andthose iniquities by which it has been upheld. have meritedthis our national chestiest and humiliation, and we aaffectionately enjoin upon all the members of our churchthat they give themselves to teen confession, repentanceand prayer, as shall contribute to arrest the judgments ofGod. And especially do we enjoin the meet thorough self-examinationin reference to the sin of complicity with thatgigantic wrong which is the chief occasion of this Divinebanishment; that if there be any among us who, in theirpersonal, social, or political rotations, have failed to clearthemselves of all responsibility for this iniquity, they mayhasten to repent and bring forth fruits meet for repentance."  The New York Observer has so openly and infirmlydiscouraged and opposed all movement towards theabolition of slavery, and has so steadily upheld theAmerican Tract Society, and the American and PresbyterianMissionary Boards, in their complicity withour national sin, that no particular quotation from it isnow needed. It moves sometimes directly, and sometimeswith serpent windings, but always to the sameend; and some of its later indirect manifestations havebeen, the praise of those American members who triedto prevent the " Evangelical Alliance," at its bite sessionin Switzerland, from acting against American slavery;and an elaborate eulogy on Thomas FowellBuxton, for qualities which it falsely represents asdiametrically opposed to those of American Abolitionists. Observer The New York Evangelist, after quoting half a columnin direct opposition to emancipation from the intenselypro-slavery Christian Intelligencer, adjusts itselfon the fence in this fashion— Evangelist Christian Intelligencer "An act of general emancipation is certainly one thatwould be attended with immense difficulties and whichought not to be attempted rashly. Yet that it may becomean issue of the present war none can deny. Intelligentmen are forced to look rush a continence is the fans. Wehave regarded it as a measure which might become a militarynecessity, to be adopted is the last resort is save ournational existence. Yet it is a stop which tan Governmentwould undertake with reluctances, eves though provoked toit by incorrigible Rebellion. Such a Proclamation as itwould chance she object of the war, might lead to furtherdivisions inimical to a speedy return of peace and good order,and perhaps to social disorganizations unfriendly to thewelfare of the slave. Bat even if emancipation is notproclaimed, let the present war be carried on successfullyand it mast lead to the destruction of the slave Power asa dominant influence in cur politics, and of all furthercompromise disastrous to Freedom; and this we believe,insure the total destruction of the system of slavery at nodistant day. But whatever the final result we trust itwill be so ordered as not to break the unity of the NorthLet us keep our ranks together, and they will marchto ultimate victory." In short, while the great majority of the Presbyterianchurches either practice slaveholding or maintainthe right of all who please to practice It, most of theremainder seek to occupy a neutral position. Theydo almost nothing against the great sin and shame ofour country; and the little that they say seems a feebleattempt to keep up with the irresistible progressof public opinion outside their boundary.—C.K.W. 

 FOURTH SERIES. The public of Boston and vicinity are respectfully informedthat the FOURTH SERIES of FRATERNITY LECTUREScontinue weekly at TREMONT TEMPLE. OURTH ERIES REMONT EMPLE. The lecture on Tuesday Evening, Nov. 5, will be by REV. T. WENTWORTH HIGGINSON, EV. To be followed on successive TUESDAY EVENINGS byLectures from the following gentlemen:— November 12—RALPH WALDO RMERSON. " 19—WILLIAM R. ALGER. " 26—HENRY WARD BENCHER. December 3—FREDRICK DOUGLASS. " 10—DANIAL S. DICKNSON. " 17—EDWIN H. CHAPIN. " 24—EZRA H. HEYWOOD. " 31—WILLIAM S. STUDLEY. January 7—WENDELL PHILLIPS. Organist HOWARD M. DOW, Esq. OWARD OW Doors to be opened at tickets (admitting the bearer anda lady,) are offered for sale at $2 each; to be obtained atOliver Dotson &Co.'s No. 277 Washington street, John C.Hayes &Co's. 33 Court street, D.G. Goodrich's, 302 Washingtonstreet, of the several members of the Fraternity hithertohaving the disposal of tickets, and at the TremontTemple. Oct. 11 

 If the voice of England, as expressed by its leadingpublic journals and by individuals of prominent station,has not been as we bad reason to expect it wouldbe, in emphatic condemnation of the slaveholders' Rebellionin this on country and of their purpose to establisha great slaveholding improve on this. It isstill true that England has furnished some mea, inpolitics and literature whose generous and comprehensiveviews liberal spirit, and courageous rebukes ofthe prevalent tone of English criticize on Americanaffairs, prove that we of the North may cannot some ofour truest friends among the legislature and educatedmen of England, even as our furthers in their day, hadno truer, wiser, or braver friends then Chatham,Burke and others who to in Parliment and elsewherecondemned the war,—infinitely less odious than thatnow forced upon us—which on everything governmentwas then forcing upon these colonies. Our readers will agree with us we use sure thatfew things have been written or published, on eitherside the water, which evince to more friendly spirit towardsour Northern States, or a clearer understandingof the question really at issue between the North andthe South, than the two letter, which he publish thisweek by Mr. Thomas Hughes, better known in thiscountry as the auther of "School Days at Rugby,"and "Tom Brown at Oxford." The former letterwas address some two months since to the editor ofMacmillen's Magazine, and was published in that journalthe letter appeared more recently in the LondonSpectater. It given us pleasure to publish them in connexion,and we thank the writer who has spoken theretimely, sensible, and judicious words. There is nomistaking their tone of generous sympathy with allthat is noblest and best in our Southern struggle withthe Slave Power of the South; while their call to ahigher duty, than we have yet suffered ourselves as apeople to admit, is as manifestly that of a wise andfaithful friend, earnestly desiring one complete andhighest success. Such counsel and criticism can dous only good. We need not ask a reading for "TomBrown's" letters. Macmillen's Magazine Spectater. In this connexion we also mention the recent lecture"On the Civil War in America," delivered at theBradford Mechanics Institute to a large audience byW.E. Forster, Esq., member of Parliament for thatlarge and flourishing town. The lecture was fully reportedin the London Times, and deserves the attentionof every American. At present, a brief notice ofit is all we can give in our columns. Mr. Forster hasevidently studied the American question thoroughly,—more so, we fear, and in a more comprehensivespirit, than have most of the statesmen of England.He too discerns with clearness, and sets forth withmarked ability and convincing power, the causes of theSouthern rebellion, the designs of the Southern conspirators,the immediate motive of the North in resistingthem, and the grand result which, in his judgment,must inevitably follow, vix., complete emancipation,—the only justification of the war, and the sure remedyfor the disease which has entailed the war upon us.The Boston Traveller says of Mr. Foster that "hehas given to his constituents, and through the press toall Britain, the best narrative of the causes of our contestthat has appeared in Europe and one that has notbeen surpassed by any American work on the subject."The Journal says that Mr. Forster, by this lecture, isplaced "second only to John Bright in a true comprehensionand able discussion of the subject." Times Traveller Journal Mr. Forster thus explains the apparent and the actualground occupied by both North and South.— "Thus it was that the North and South cause to bearrayed one against the other; but there was this difference,that whereas the South were fighting avowedlyfor the right to perpetuate and extend slavery. theavowed object of the North was simply the preservationof the Union. Therefore it was true that theSouth appeared in the contest to be more pro-slaverythan did the North to be anti-slavery. But in realitythe North were fighting against slavery as much as theSouth for it; for if the South succeeded they wouldestablish a slave power such as he had described ifthey failed, slavery would receive a blow from whichit could not recover." And thus he speaks of England's duty at this moment:— "After stating why he believed that, whether theUnion was or was not restored to life, slavery had receivedwhat would be found to be its death blow, Mr.Forster closed with a few remarks upon the duty ofEngland, in the course of which he stated that in actionthis duty was clear—adherence to our rule of absolutenon-intervention. We could not interfere forthe North, we should insult them if we tried to do so.It would be an eternal disgrace to us if we interfered forthe South and for slavery. And we must remember thatany breach of international law, by infraction of alegitimate blockade contrary to the internationalrules which we ourselves had laid down, would besuch intervention. It would be an eternal disgrace to us if we interfered forthe South and for slavery. Mr. Forster sat down amid loud cheers, and receivedthe cordial thanks of the assembly for his lecture. 

 ☞A.T. FOSS, an August of the America A.S. Society,will speak on "The War," at Kansas, Sunday, November3. 

 Among those who fell in the late disastrous battle atBall's Bluff was a young man of the very highestexcellence and promise, combining physical, beautyand vigor with high intelligence and nobleness ofspirit. Those who know Lieut. William L. Putnam,of Roxbury, speak of him with enthusiasm, as strikinglyeminent in all that gives attractiveness to youth,and promise of ripened excellence in coming years,He fell in the act of aiding a brother officer. At hisburial, his face preserved its usual aspect of serenecheerfulness. The last letter written home by young Putnam, beforethis premature close of his earthly career, containsthis remarkable expression, showing that he understoodthe meaning of our present trouble, and theuse, needful to be made, of the contest in whichthe nation is now engaged. He wrote—I trust thiswar will never cease, let fall who will fall, until libertyshall be secured for every human being in our country!—This striking fact corroborates the statementmade by the Transcript respecting him, that "He wasone, out of many, of those young soldiers of freedom.whose very education and refinement of intellectualand moral perception led them to engage in the presentwar." Transcript It is doubly and to see those die who seem best preparedto live with advantage to their nation and theirage. May the last message of this beautiful soul beseed, bringing forth abundant fruit, among his associatesin the camp, and his wide circle of mourningfriends at home.—C.K.W. 

 ☞THE TWENTY-KIGHTH NATIONAL ANTI-SLAVERYSUBSCIPTION ANNIVERSARY.—The exigenciesof the cause having this year occasioned an earliercall for founds than usual, friend at house and abroadare entreated to advance and increase their subscriptionsas far as practicable,—addressing than to WILLIAM I.BOWDITCH, Esq., Treas. Am. A.S. Society, Boston. ILLIAM OWDITCH Treas. Am. A.S. Society, Boston. MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN. 

 During Mr. Garrison's absence, those of his friendswho do not take the Standard will be glad to see thefollowing incident of his visit to New York, which weclip from that paper:— Standard Public mention of a private entertainment is sometimesnot improper and we drop a line here for theeyes of the personal friends of the pioneer of the anti-slaverycause, just to say that on his recent passagethrough New York he was honored at a friend's housewith a social reception of ladies and gentleman, whoconstituted on their coming together, one of the mostintellectual and brilliant evening parties held in thecity this fall. Among the guests were many personsof both sexes widely known in literature, many distinguishedmembers of the learned profession, andmany of the staunch early friends of the cause, whoare now in venerable years. Mr. Garrison appearedin greatly improved health, full of a fine animation,exhibiting (as everywhere) his characteristic mirthfulnessand seriousness. A pleasant incident gave quite a parliamentary turnto a portion of the entertainment. Mt. Oliver Johnsonshowed to the company the first hound volume ofThe Liberator for the year 1831—then a little paper notbigger than a pane of glass in a parlor window—alsoreading Harrison Gray Otia's contemptuous descriptionof the garret where it was edited and printed and thebeautiful poem which Lowell wrote upon that as a textOf course, Mr. Garrison was not permitted, thereupon.to go clear of a speech and a happy speech the made—full of good feeling full of high hopes, full of trust inGod. The Rev. Dr. Cheever followed in a somewhatsimilar strain, paying a heartfelt tribute of respectand gratitude to Mr. Garrison for his life—longdevotion to the cause. Horace Greekly, who was alsoasked for, put into ten or fifteen minutes so muchhumor, sense, satire, logic, and fact, all in his terse andunmistakable style, that everybody clapped hands in irresistibleapplause. The Rev. O.B. Frothingham,on being called out, succeeded by some admit wit inreconquering his seat, after a very few words, and beforethe company were honestly willing to yield itback to him. Then came Theodore Tilton, whospoke in a vain of humorous story-telling but less injest than in earnest. The Liberator Other speeches probably would have followed, butthe sudden opening of two great doors disclosed a suppertable, whereon was promise of more solid substanceto take the place of "The feast of reason and the flow of soul." It is safe to say that the appetites were like thespeeches, for both were good, but it would hardly bedignified to mention how late these good friends andinto the night, sipping at their cups of tea, and at thegeneral flow of talk. It should be said, however, thatall the conversation, like all the addresses, breatheda common spirit of love for freedom, whose good cause,though standing imperiled in these evil days, is nowdaily raffled afresh by many champions—grown latelynumerous since the early days when there was butone. That one is still in hole and vigorous life, andmay be not grow old until Freedom has won her finalvictory in the land! 

 ☞AID FOR FUGITIVE SLAVES.—The fond rainedto aid fugitive slaves is now, and has been for sometime, exhausted. These who are disposed to contribute tothis deserving charity are respectfully invited to leavetheir contributions with FRANCIS JACKSON, Hellis at.,or R.F. WALLCUT, at the Anti-Slavery office. 

 since the last anniversary of the Pennsylvania"Anti—Slavery Society, a violent disruption of theAmerican Republic having taken place, through thetreasonable withdrawal of nearly all the SlaveholdingState, which have organized themselves into an independentSouthern Confederacy, the objects of whichare the interminable prolongation of slavery, the subversionof the Government, and the overthrow of allfree institutions, by a wickedly aggressive and desperatelymalignant war on their part, it devolves uponthis Society clearly to define its position in relation tothe present anomalous state of things, so as to keepits testimonies unimpaired on the one hand, and toprevent needless misconception and injurious misrepresentationon the other. This Society hat nothing to retract or modify inregard to its object, its principles, or its measures.Always animated by a spirit inflexibly loyal to thecause of freedom, and having for its sole object thetriumph of that cause universally, without regard torace, color or condition, it finds no language adequateto express its abhorrence of a system which consignsfour of the inhabitants of the land, with all theirposterity, to the most degrading and intolerable bondage—ranking them in the category of personal andreal estate, property to be used and transferred likehousehold goods, brutes to be driven to unrequitedtoil, and recognizing their common humanity only forthe purpose of making them strictly responsible totheir tyrannical masters in ail things, under terriblepains and penalties. In any other land, however darkand benighted. the toleration of such a system wouldindicate complete deadness to shame and deep corruptionbut, in a country like oars, claiming to be themost enlightened on earth, boasting of its religiousand privileges, and glorying in an instrumentwhich declares it to be a serf—evident truth, that allmen art created equal, and endowed by their Creatorwith an inalienable right to liberty, it presents an exhibitionof shameless hypocrisy and blood—red criminality,wholly unparalleled—especially, attempting, asit does to rind its justification in the highest religioussanctions, alike under the Jewish and the Christiandispensation. To seek to perpetuate such a system isthe most comprehensive iniquity that can be perpetrated,to make any compromise with it is always fullof guilt and danger; to demand its immediate andtotal abolition is the dictate of justice and humanity. The principles of this Society remain unchanged,because they are unchangeable; being based upon humannature and the law of the living God. and in defenceof which, prophets have been put to death, andapostles crucified, and martyrs carried to the stake,and patriots executed upon the scaffold. Its measureshave ever been rational, and well—adapted to promotethe righteous object in view, and limited to the exerciseof a peaceful, lawful, constitutional right of protectand reformation, using only the weapons of reasonand argument, for the sole purpose of establishing thefreedom of all classes upon an enduring basis. To the malicious attempt, which has been so extensivelymade, to identify the secessionists of the Southwith the abolitionists of the North, this Society unequivocallyaffirms that no two classes can be more unlike,or more opposed to each other, in spirit, designand action. The former aim to give unlimited rangeand lasting perpetuity to slavery and the slave—trade:the latter are for the immediate liberation of allin bondage. The former are under the control ofin unappeasable selfishness, a satanic aspiration foruniversal dominion, an imperious spirit that would"rather reign in hell than serve in heaven," andstriving to break down, as intolerable nuisances, allthe free institutions of the North. The latter are animatedby an unselfish and all—embracing philanthropy,seeking the welfare of the oppressor as well as theoppressed, and desiring to put an end to all sectionalanimosities and divisions by the proclamation of universalfreedom. The former contemptuously tramplethe Declaration of Independence beneath their feet,and boldly give the lie to its self—evident truths; thelatter heartily subscribe to that Declaration, as definingthe origin, nature and scope of human rights.The former are armed with bowie—knives and revolvers,and ready to stab, shoot, or hang any abolitionistwho may venture upon Southern soil; the latterresort to no other weapons than those of entreaty,warning and rebuke, meeting all calumnies with patience,all insults with forbearance, all outrages in thespirit of martyrs. In short, the former are desperatelybent upon mischief, and "full of treason, stratagemsand spoils"; the latter are laboring disinterestedlyto save the country from ruin, and fill itwith the abundance of peace, by extracting the onlyroot of bitterness. As it respects the tremendous conflict now going onbetween the forces of the Federal Government andthose of the Southern Confederacy, this Society, andthe abolitionists in every section of the country, areunited in the sentiment, that the rebellious attitude ofthe former finds no justification whatever, but ismarked by every feature of malignity, treachery,murderous violence, and savage barbarity; that it hasfor its object, not only the perpetuation of the inhumansystem of slavery, but the subversion of free institutionsuniversally; that all the allegations broughtagainst the Government, by the conspirators, of designingto interfere with slavery in an unconstitutionalmanner, are without foundation; that, therefore, theGovernment is simply acting on the defensive, andendeavoring to execute its constitutional prerogatives,in accordance with the original bond of Union. But this Society, believing the cause of this bloodystrife to originate solely in slavery, and in the haughtyspirit of tyrannical mastery engendered by it, deemsit the height of infatuation, on the part of the Governmentand people, to think of bringing back the rebelliousportion to loyalty under the Constitution, andeffecting a peaceful settlement of difficulties, whileleaving untouched the source of all those desolatingjudgments which are now sweeping through the land,Nor is this a desirable result. Like causes producelike effects. Neither the old compromises, nor anynew ones, can produce harmony, or avert divine retribution.Our nation is reaping as it has sown. "Yehave not proclaimed liberty every man to his brother,and every man to his neighbor; therefore, I proclaima liberty for you, saith the Lord, to the sword, to thepestilence, and to the famine." To avert still heavierjudgments, therefore—to make a real anion of all theStates and the preservation of a free government possible—it becomes the solemn duty of the nation todecree the immediate and total abolition of slavery.The powers of the General Government are ample forthis purpose, on its own plane of action. In anticipationof the present state of things JOHN QUINCYADAMS said, years ago, in his place in the House ofRepresentatives of the United States,—laying it downu the law of nations,—" From the instant that theslaveholding States become the theatre of war, civil,servile or foreign, from that instant the war powers ofCongress extend to interference with the institutionsof slavery in every way in which it can be interferedwith. . . . . Not only the President of the UnitedStates, but the commander of the army, has powerto order the universal emancipation of the slaves."From this weighty authority, there is no intelligentdissent. The Government, therefore, is invested withthe power to "proclaim liberty throughout all theland to all the inhabitants thereof," la the midst ofthe exigencies of war, and to maintain ha supremacyover the whole country. Those exigencies bow fullyjustify the immediate exercise of that power. Therebellion is precisely where slavery exist as a cherishedinstitution; it is the product of slavery; thewhole slave population are made the efficient instrumentsof the rebels to overturn the Government, andto consummate their treasonable designs. Theis yet at the gates of the Capital, threatening its securityand keeping the Government in continual peril.All the property held in common by the nation, withinthe limits of the Southern Confederacy, has been perfidiouslyseized, and turned to the support of this vastslaveholding conspiracy. Hundreds of millions ofproperty, the amount of Southern indebtedness to theNorth, have been basely confiscated. The nation isbleeding at every pore. The wall of bereavement isheard to every quarter; for the claim are rapidly multiplying,and every day witness fresh victims fallingon the battle field, struck down by the weapon of theminions of an impious slaveholding oligarchy. Thedaily expenditures forced upon the Government bythis war are of a startling character, and must constitutea fearful aggregate in the end, if the rebellion benot speedily put down. To save this ruinous waste,to stop this shocking effusion of blood, to make a solidpeace possible, nothing is wanted but the total abolitionof slavery. If this be not done, then there is nohope of reconciliation or prosperity, and the deem ofthe nation is sealed. In the language of PresidentLincoln, uttered before his inauguration, "A house dividedagainst itself cannot stand. I before this Governmentcannot endure permanently half slave andhalf free. It will become all one thing, or all theother." Again:—"This is a world of compensations;and be who would be no slave must have noslave. Those who deny freedom to others, deserve itnot for themselves; and, under a just God, cannotlong retain it." The President has it now in hispower, as had Pharaoh of old, to let the oppressed gofree, no that the land may have rest, and the retributivejudgments of Heaven be removed far from itIf he refuses to improve this sublime opportunity todo the grandest and moat beneficent work of the ago,—whether through weakness or perversity, —thenmore than the guilt of Pharaoh will rest upon hishead; and, instead of preserving the Government hehas sworn to defend, he will but have hastened itsdownfall by refusing to strike the only blow necessaryfor its perpetuity. But if be will declare freedomfor all, wherever the nag of the nation advances,the flames of civil war will be speedily extinguished,the smiles of as approving Heaven secured, and hismemory will be crowned with lasting honor. OHN UINCY DAMS be have 

 ☞NOTICE—Mrs. H.F.M. BROWN, of Cleveland,Ohio, has been appointed an Agent for the Anti-SlaveryStandard; and is fully authorized to receive new subscriptionsto the same, as well as payment on old accounts.Mrs. Brown's address is 288 Superior street. ROWN Anti-SlaveryStandard 

 The eloquent discourse of George William Curtison "National Honor" held as immense audience inbreathless attention for as hour and a half on Tuesdayevening. The lecture had brilliancy, wit, pathos,exquisite beauty, but, to our surprise, as well as regret,it lacked "the one thing needful" in our presentcrisis. In the portion of this discourse touching upon slavery,the speaker deliberately argued that Governmentshould, at present, interfere with that institutionno further than the necessities of war actually demand.He advised the confiscation of the slaves ofrebels, whether or not they were engaged in warlikeoperations, and showed the absurdity of the distinctionswhich some have striven to draw upon thatpoint, indulging the rebels in proportion to the extentof their shareholding, and allowing the claim to propertyin human beings, when the claim to all otherproperty has been justly forfeited. But he wouldhave slavery touched no further than this during thepresent war, unless ill success on our part, or new andunforeseen emergencies, shall render further actionagainst it indispensable to our success in the war. Ifpeace can only come by the emancipation of all theslaves, he would say "Amen!" But if the necessityfor emancipation did not manifestly appear in thisform, he would postpone all thought and action uponthat subject until complete triumph over the rebellionshould have been secured. unless If The lecturer dwelt much, and strongly, on the importanceof saving the national honor. In our judgment,national honor is a thing yet to be attained bythis slaveholding nation. The war offers a most auspiciousopportunity to commence the work of attainingit To slight this opportunity, to postpone toa superlatively uncertain to-morrow this chance tothrow off the greatest of evils and secure the greatestof blessings, seems to us the madness that precedesdestruction. Procrastination here will be the thief ofmore than time. saving attained commence We had hoped from Mr. Curtis something hotterthan an endorsement of the great delusion under whichthe Republican party are now laboring. It was somesatisfaction to find that the ideas above objected towere heard in silence by the immense audience, whileenthusiastic applause followed those expressions whichbore strongest against slavery. We subjoin the Journalsreport:— Journals "Mr. Curtis stated his subject to be 'National Honor.'Honor he defined as manhood, and the obligationsof honor to do all that a man can and oughtAfter pointing out its origin, and the conditions ofmind and feeling which go to strengthen and maintainit, he considered it more particularly in connectionwith our present national crisis. We in this countryhave not only the conditions and necessities of nationality,but we have the political union, which is thesource of patriotism. It is this which makes us now,instead of being a scattered and drifting fleet like theSpanish Armada, as a single ship from whose deckthe tern pest-tossed mariners behold walking towardthem on the water, the spirit of Union, saying, 'It isI, be not afraid!' (Applause.) The sentiment of patriotism seems to have beenbut newly awakened, and a year ago we might wellhave doubted, its existence. But the defection oftraitors, the accumulated defalcations of Cabinet ministers,and at last the open attack on our flag, hadroused our people to action. The movement was ofthe people alone, for they had little to expect from anadministration which groaned out a cry for fasting andprayer, when it should have given a stentorian commandto aim and fire. (Applause.) We are compelled to believe that there can be butone nation, and the duty of every citizen is to aid inmaintaining the Government and put down the rebellion.To save the honor of the nation we must takeup arms, not to change the form of government, butto defend it as it is. This war is a struggle betweentwo spirits, which mutually strive for the ascendancyin this country. We must meet it as the marinermeets the whirlwind. The masts must go; the cargoand the treasure must be thrown over, if need be, tosave the ship. This is not a war of subjugation oremancipation; but if peace can only come by conqueringthe rebellious section—Amen! If peace canonly come by the confiscation of the property of allrebels—Amen! If peace can only come by the emancipationof the slaves—Amen! (Loud and continuedapplause.) The right to do this is undeniable. How and whenthis right should be used is a far different question. Itis easy to say that slavery is the cause of the war, andthat it must be destroyed; but the question of to-dayis bow to heal the wound it has made; and believingthat the war moat inevitably lead to emancipation, hewould rather sea it the result of the grave deliberationsof earnest men in time of peace, than have thedecree written with the point of the sword upon adrum head. But if they force us to answer which ismost precious, Government or slavery, they shall havethe answer. The mower sweeps across the field togather the harvest, and not to destroy snakes and vermin;but if the snakes and vermin come in his waythey will be destroyed. (Applause.) After peace shall be restored, our national honor willeach us to inquire bow can another rebellion be renderedimpossible. He believed the rebellion to be theresult of a settled purpose on the part of the slaveholders,and this was the policy necessary to preserve thesystem of slavery. When we fully understand thatslavery is identical with treason, we shall devote ourselvesreligiously to the great question of emancipation.It must be the result of conviction, and not ofany party emotion. Already the main support of theslave system—the cotton monopoly—is passing fromtheir bands. How and by what pun emancipation into be accomplished will be the next question for thenation to settle. Our national honor win teach us to guard with morejealous care the duties of our citizenship, to minglemore in politics, and carry out in our own lives theprinciples of a popular government, instead of leavingall the work of elections, except the mere depositingof a vote, in the hands of others who will do ourwork. He closed with as eloquent apostrophe to the spiritof peace which would yet cause to a restored nation.We may get blows under which our country willsicken and reel. We have not yet seen the depth towhich we must sink; but as we go down our eyes shallsee light on the mountain tops. Eyes must weep:them. But I see the genius of our country transfiguredin the mount of the future; in her right handin justice, and in her left hand peace." 

 ☞MERCY B. JACKSON, M.D., having had fifteenyears' experience in the Homeopathic treatmentof disease, offers her professional services to the Ladiesand Children of Boston and vicinity. Reference.—David Thayer, M.D.; Lather Clerk, M.D.;John M. Tarball, M.D., Boston. Eliphalet Clark, M.D.,Portland, Mc. Reference. Rooms No. 20 Bulfinch street. Office hours from 2 toP.M. 

 ☞ The call of the Quartermaster of the army forall blankets for the soldiers that can be spared fromfamilies, is but feebly responded in, thought the Governmentpays the full market value for them. 

 AT the Round Hill Water-Cure in Northampton, Mass.,to $7 and $10 per week. Open Sumner and Woman'sdiseases is well known.  The cure is speedy and reliable.Those brought on beds, even, are men enabled to walk.Over four hundred cases of spinal diseases, paralysis andlaw of the use of limbs have been restored; and numerouscures have been made of various stubborn difficultieswhich had lingered without help for years.  For the successin treating more ordinary complaints, and the greatfavor gives the Turkish Chemical and other Baths, see circularsent gratis. Needing a little change, and desirous to confer as wellas to receive benefit, Dr. H. will make a few professionalvisits, traveling expresses being paid, without charge. Northampton, Oct. 30. 

 THE ANTI-SLAVERY HISTORY OF THE JOHN BROWNYEAR; being the Twenty-seventh Annual Reportof the American Anti-Slavery Society. pp. 867. HE NTI LAVERY ISTORY OF THE OHN ROWN EAR Through long delayed by circumstances not withinthe control of its Society or its Committee, thisReport is altogether and timely. It was nota lighter brief work to prepare a fitting history of this—one of the most creatful years in our country's history.So far as the question of slavery is concerned,—and who does not know that has for years enteredinto nearly every government measure, into allthe political parties, all the religions seats and societies,and more or less into all business and social life,—that history is most thoroughly given in this Report.It is much the most elaborate and completereport the Anti-Slavery Society has ever published;and no justice is done to any one of the valuable seriesof Reports which have preceded it, when we saythat upon none of them have so much time, labor andcareful investigation been expended as upon this.With much pains to bring it within a moderate compass,its length has unavoidably been extended to morethan double the average of former reports; but we aresure that no one who has occasion to read or refer toit will regret its length; while the manifest care whichhas been bestowed upon it, under the influence of afeeling of more than usual responsibility for thelute accuracy of every point, will commenced to everyperson, of whatever shade of opinion, at one of themost valuable and reliable historical documents everpublished in our country. The report is now for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 221 Washington Street, sad will be found at severalof the book-stores in the city. "WOMAN'S RIGHTS under the Law: In Three Lectures, delivered in Boston, January, 1851, by CarolineH. Doll, author of 'Woman's Right to Labor,''Historical Pictures Retouched,' &C. — Boston,Walker, Wise, &Company. 245 Washington St.,1861."—pp. 164. OMAN'S IGHTS This excellent work is dedicated "To the Mends offorsaken women throughout the world;" and it is sodedicated "because the lives of such women are thelegitimate result of the spirit of the law." Its threelectures treat, 1, of the Oriental Estimate of Women,end the French Law in regard to them; 2, of the EnglishCommon Law; and 3, of the United States Law,with some thoughts on Human Rights. A respectable clergyman once told as—as his reasonfor refusing to sign a remonstrance against the FugitiveSlave Law—"I am a law-abiding man." We areoften tempted to maintain a lazy acquiescence in thetheory that the law is, on die whole, right and best,because this theory excuses us from the great (and thethankless) labor of reforming it. In this book Mrs.Dall has shown us the evidence that, in regard to women,as in some other points, "the law of God, positivelaw and positive morality, sometimes coincide,sometimes do not coincide, and sometimes conflict."A thorough assurance of this must needs precede anyhearty and persistent efforts at a reform in the law.American women greatly need information upon thepoints here treated of. Those who know the wideintelligence, diligence, and conscientious faithfulnessof Mrs. Dall, will peed no assurance of her ability totreat this subject in a satisfactory manner. To othersit may be said, first, that technical accuracy has beensecured in it by the revision of manuscript and proofsby the Hon. Samuel £. Sewall; and next, that thisbook, in beauty of form, clearness of statement, anddepth of interest, is a worthy companion to the workspreviously published on other branches of the subject,by the same author." not conflict. "THE HARBINGER OF HEALTH: containing MedicalPrescriptions for the Human Body and Mind. ByAndrew Jackson Davis. New York: A.J. Davis&Co., 274 Canal St., 1861.—pp. 428. HE ARBINGER EALTH This book, written in the peculiar dialect of spiritualism,treats of various matters in physiology, pathology,and the treatment of disease, recommendingthe judicious use of human magnetism in nearly allcases of disordered health, and especially the use ofone's own magnetic energy on different parts of hisown body. A large portion of it consists of diagnosesand prescriptions, and a copious alphabetical index assiststhe student to find both diseases and remedies.The writings and the life of Andrew Jackson Davisassure us that this work is an honest attempt to bene-fitthe sick and suffering. It is for sale by BetaMarsh, at 14 Bromfield street. 

 THREE Lectures delivered in Boston, January, 1861,by Mrs. C.H. Dall. I. The Oriental Estimate and the French Law. II. The English Common Law. III. The United States Law, and sons Thought on KansasRights. 16 mo., cloth, 63 cts. Published by WALKER, WISE &CO., 245 Washington street, Boston. Uniform with Woman's right to Labor, 63 cts. Practical Illustrations of the same, 63 cts. Historical Pictures Retouched, $1.00. All of which are sent free by mail on receipt of the price. Oct. 25—3tis. 

 ☞ "A Northern Printer" (whom we understandto be George K. Radcliffe of Haverhill) has printedCharles Sumner's admirable speech at the WorcesterConvention on a broad sheet, intending to circulate itamong those soldiers who have gone to the war fromHaverhill, and among the families in Essex Countyand beyond it, as far as the means are furnished him.Let those help him who would redeem the Republicanparty from the disgrace of disregarding the counselsof their best and ablest man. 

 THE most able and brilliant book, called forth by thepresent struggle, to On Insurrection vs. Resurrection in America. By a Native of Virginia. 12 mo., flexible covers—50 cts.Published, and sent free by mail, on receipt of the price,by WALKER, WISE &CO., 245 Washington street, Boston. Oct. 25—3tis. 

 ANOTHER ACT OF TREACHERY. The only arrestfor treason in Iowa has been that of George Frane ofRochester, Cedar county, who, it is alleged, wrote aletter to the rebel sheriff of Bates county, Mo., informinghim that Coppic, of John Brown notoriety,had If ft Northern Missouri for the purpose of recruitingmen in Iowa, and was to go back to the army on acertain day by the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad,and that be should be intercepted at all hazards. Theproof of such information being sent is satisfactory.Coppic and his company were intercepted, and he andone of his men killed, and several others were severelywounded. Frane has confessed privately that hegave the information above specified; but his ownadmission was not held legally sufficient to convicthim, and he was discharged. He is, however, a fugitivefrom the popular wrath.—Journal. NOTHER CT REACHERY. Journal. ☞ Perhaps the foregoing explains the origin ofthat diabolical outrage in Western Missouri, the partialburning of the Little Platte River bridge, so as tomake it give way under a train of can containingnearly one hundred passengers. Coppic perished atthat place. The incidents were given in the Liberator,Sept 18th, and on the 27th a sketch of Coppic'slife was given by his friend Mr. Hinton. Liberator 

 BY JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL. Along a river side, I know not where,I walked lest sight la mystery of dream;A chill croops curdling yet beneath my heir,To think what chanced me by the pallid gloussof a moon-wraith that waned through haunted off.     Pule fire-flies pulsed within the meadow mistTheir halos, wavering thistle-downs of light;The loon, that mad to mock some goblin tryst,Laughed; and the echoes, huddling in affright,Like Odin's hounds, fled buying down the night.     Then all was silent, till there smote my earA movement in the stream that cheeked ay breath:Was it the slow push of a wading deer?But something said, "This water is of Death!The Sisters wash a Shroud,—ill thug to hear!"     I, looking then, beheld the ancient Three,Known to the Greek's and to the Norseman's creed,That sit in shadow of the myrtle Tree,Still crooning, as they weave their endless bread,0ne song: "Time was, Time it, and time shall be."     No wrinkled crones were they, as I had deemed,But fair as yesterday, to-day, to-morrow,To-mourner, lover, poet, ever seemed;Something too deep for joy, too high for sorrow,Thrilled in their tones, and from their faces gleaned.     "Still men and nations reap as they have strawn,"—So sung they, working at their task the while,—"The fatal raiment must be cleansed are dawn:For Austria? Italy! the Sea-Queen's Isle?O'er what quenched grandeur must our shroud be drawn?     "Or is it for a younger, fairer cores,That gathered States for children round his knees,That tamed the ware to be his posting-horse,The forest-feller, linker of the seas,Bridge-builder, hammerer, youngest son of Thor's?     "What make we, murmur'st thou, and what are we?When empires mast be wound, we bring the abroad.The time-old web of the implacable three:Is it too course for him, the young and proud?Earth's mightiest deigned to wear it; why not he?"     "Is there no hope?" I moaned. "So strong, so fair!Our Fowler, whose proud bird would brook erewhileNo rivers swoop in all our western air!Gather the ravens, then, in funeral file,For him, life's morn-gold bright yet in his hair?     "Leave me not hopeless, ye unpitying dames!I see, half-seeing. Tell me, ye who scannedThe stars, Earth's elders, still must noblest aimsBe traced upon oblivious ocean sands?Must Hesper Join the wailing ghosts of names?"     "When grass-blades stiffen with red battle-dew,Ye deem we choose the victors and the slain:Say, choose we them that shall be leal and trueTo the heart's longing, the high faith of brain! Yet here the victory it, if ye but knew.     "Three roots bear up Dominion: Knowledge, Will,—These two are strong, but stronger yet the third,—Obedience, the great tap-root, that still,Knit round the rock of Duty, is not stirred,Though the storm's ploughshare spend its utmost skill.     "Is the doom sealed for Hesper? "T is not weDenounce it, but the Law before all time:The brave makes danger opportunity;The waverer, paltering with the chance sublime,Dwarfs it to peril: which shall Hasper be?     "Hath he let vultures climb his eagle's seatTo make Jove's bolts purveyors of their maw?Hath he the Many! plaudits found more sweetThan wisdom T held Opinion's wind for law?Then let him hearken for the headsman's feet!     "Rough are the steps, slow-hewn in flintiest rock,States climb to power by; slippery these with goldDown which they stumble to eternal meek:No chafferer's hand shall long the seeptre hold,Who, given a Fate to shape, would all the block.     "We sing old ages, songs of weal and wee,Mystic because too cheaply understood;Dark sayings are not ours; men hear and know,See Evil weak, see only strong the Good,Yet hope to balk Doom's fire with walls of tow.     "Time Was unlocks the riddle of Time Is,That offers choice of glory and of gloom;The solver makes Time Shall Be surely his.—But hasten, Sisters! for even now the tombGrates its slow hinge and calls from the abyss."     "But not for him," I cried, "act yet for him,Whese large horison, westering, star by starWins from the void to where on ocean's rimThe sunset abuts the world with golden bar,—Not yet his thows shall fail, his eye grew dim!     "His shall be larger manhood, saved for theseThat walk unblenching through the trial-free;Not suffering, but faint heart is worst of woes,And he no base-born sea of craven sires,Whose eye need droop, confronted with his foes.     "Tears may he own, hat proud, far these who winDeath's royal purple in the enemy's! lines:Pease, too. brings tears; and 'mid the battle-din,The wiser car some text of God divines;For the sheathed blade may rest with darker sin.     "God, give as peace!—not each as lulls to sleep,But sword on thigh, and brow with purpose knit!Aad let oar Ship of State to harbor sweep,Her ports all up, her battle-lanters lit,And her leashed thunders gathering for their leap!"     So said I, with elenched hands and passionate pain,Thinking of dear ones by Potomas's side:Again the lean laughed, meeking; and againThe ouches hayed for down the night, and died.While, waking, I recalled my wandering brain.     

 IMPORTANT ORDER IN REGARD TO SLAVES Thefollowing order was seat out with the commanders ofthe forces accompanying the Naval expedtion:— MPORTANT RDER EGARD LAVES WAR DEPARTMENT, Oct. 14, 1861. AR EPARTMENT SIR,—In conducting military operations withinStates declared by the proclamation of the Presidentto be in a state of insurrection, you will govern yourself,so for as parsons held to service under the laws ofsuch States ore concerned, by the principles of the lettersaddressed by me to Major-General Butler on the30th of May and 8th of August, copies of which areherewith furnished to you. As special directions,adapted to special circumstances, cannot be given,much mast be referred to your own discretion, asCommanding General of the expedition. IR You will, however, in general avail yourself of theservices of any persons, whether fugitives from laboror not, who may offer them to the National Government;you will employ such persons in such servicesas they may be fitted for, either as ordinary employed,or, if special circumstances seem to require it, in anyother capacity, with such organizations, in squads,companies, or otherwise, as you deem most beneficialto the service. This, however, not to mean a generalarming of them for military service. You will ensureall loyal masters that Congress will provide justcompensation to them for the loss of the services ofthe persons so employed. It is believed that the coursethus indicated will best secure the substantial rightsof loyal masters, and the benefits to the United Statesof the services of all disposed to support the Government,with it avoid all interference with the socialsystems of local institutions of every State, beyondthat which insurrection makes unavoidable, and whicha restoration of peaceful relations to the Union, underthe Constitution, will immediately remove.  Respectfully,SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War. Brig. Gen. T.W. SHERMAN, commanding expeditionto the Southern coast. 

 BY C.F.O. The vales of the Lord to the wilderness came,"Elijah! what does thou here?"And the prophet aross at the terrible sound,And came forth from the cavern of feer."What doest thou here? The Lord has his need,And to floe from his service is vain;Arise, and return, and the monarche ancientOver Syria and Israel to reign.The prophet amoint who shall stand in thy place,Thy mantle cast over his head,For the wrath of the Lord is abroad in the land,The wicked shall faint with their dread.Who escapes from the sword of Hansel, beforeThe sword of fierce John shall quail,And Elisha the remant shall utterly slay,Who have bowed to the worship of Beal."                The Angel of god stands and calls us to-day;Come forth, for the battle is here,And the sonfist at hand with oppression and wrong.And the foress of evil draw near.They would trample down justice and truth in the land,With fetters would chain up the right,Andmother the life-breath of Liberty outWith the ruffenly group of their night.Aries from the couch of your indolent case;Shake off the cold palry of fear?Arise from your drown and your ground and your gold?For the Angel of God standeth here.The prophet-age coming this age must anoint,—Gird your Ieins, make no laggard delay,And think not to life, for the lord calls the roll,He mustess his armies to-day.                

 The last Liberator contained the brief and incorrectnotice than that first arrived here respecting the disastrousbattle of Edwards Ferry, or, more properly, of Ball'sBluff.  Numerous contradictory reports about it havesince been in circulation.  We give, below, an abstractof the official report, lately received, from Edward W.Hinks, Colonel of the 19th Massachusetts Volunteers,commanding Baker's Brigade. Col. Hinks, proceeding to Harrison's Island to supportGen. Baker, found that he had been killed, andthat everything was in deplorable confusion, his columnhaving been entirely routed, and being then inprecipitate retreat, throwing away their arms, desertingtheir killed and wounded, and leaving many prisonersin the hands of the enemy.  Col. Hinks at oncetook the command, and endeavored to restore order,sending the 19th Massachusetts Regiment to the front,on the Virginia side of the Island, to oppose the anticipatedadvance of the enemy.  Col. Hinks at oncetook the command, and endeavored to restore order,sending the 19th Massachusetts Regiment to the front,on the Virginia side of the Island, to oppose the anticipatedadvance of the enemy.  He commenced thegathering of the wounded, and the rescue of small partiesof our defeated troops on the Virginia shore, butthe boats used for crossing thither had been swampedand lost inthe precipitate and disorderly retreat, andthe small boats and rafts proved miserably insufficient.No further Federal reinforcements came to the Island. The Confederate Commander, being asked by a flagof truce, refused permission to remove the wounded,except a few whose injuries seemed fatal. He also refusedto lot the Surgeon cases and treat the wounded,except on condition of his remaining a prisoner. Aparty of ten men. however, were graciously permittedto bury the dead on the Virginia shore at night. During the night, a retreat was effected, in good orderand without accident, to the Maryland shore, assistedby a portion of the Massachusetts 2d, on thisside the river. Col. Hinks's estimate of loss, among the 2,100 Federaltroope engaged, is—Dead, 150; Wounded, 250;Prisoners, 500. Large numbers of wounded and unwoundedwere drowned when the boats were swamped,as well as in attempts to swim the river during thenight. The bodies of the killed were rifled of all valuablesby the enemy. Large Lieut. Col. Palfrey, commanding the 20th RegimentMassachusetts Volunteers, reports to Gov. Andrewthat seven companies of the above Regiment, with aportion of the Massachusetts 15th, were also engagedon the Virginia shore, greatly outnumbered by theenemy, and suffered very serious losses, amountingnearly to fifty per cent of the 318 rank and file engaged,and more than that proportion of the officers. The following dispatch from Lt. Col. Palfrey, of theMass. 20th, has been received at the State House. Itgives an accurate account of the casualties to the officersof that regiment:— TAKEN PRISONERS.—Col. Wm. Raymond Lee, ofRoxbury; Major Paul J. Revere, of Boston; FirstLieut. George B. Perry, of Boston, Adjutant CharlesL. Plerson, Salem, and Assistant Surgeon Edward H.Revere, of Boston. AKEN RISONERS. DROWNED.—Lieutenants Alois Babo, of Boston,and Reinhold Wesselhoeft, of do., both of CompanyC., probably drowned. ROWNED. KILLED.—Lieut. W.L. Putnam, of Roxbury. ILLED. WOUNDED.—Captain Ferdinand Dreher, of Boston,of Company C., badly wounded. Captain George A.Schmitt, of Cambridge of Co. E., slightly. He isdoing well. Lieut. O.W. Holmes, Jr., of Boston, Co.A., slightly. Doing well. Capt. John C. Putnam, ofBoston, Co. A., right arm gone. Doing well. Allthe other officers are safe. OUNDED. 

 The melancholy days are come,The saddest of the year;Of wailing winds, and naked woods,And meadows brown and sere.    

 WASHINGTON, October 28. ASHINGTON ORDERS ISSUED, THANKING THE TROOPS ENGAGED IN THE BATTLE AT BALL'S BLUFF. The followingOrder has been issued:— RDERS SSUED HANKING ROOPS NGAGED ATTLE ALL'S LUFF. "Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Headquarters Army of the Potomac Washington, Oct. 26, 1861. General Order, No. 82. The Major General commandingthe Army of the Potomac desires to offerhis thanks and to express his admiration of their conduct,to the officers and men of the detachments ofthe 15th and 20th Massachusetts, 1st California andTammany regiments, and 1st U.S. Artillery andRhode Island Battery engaged in the affair of Mondaylast, near Harrison's Island. The gallantry and disciplinethere displayed deserved a more fortunate result,but situated as those troops were, cut off alikefrom retreat and reinforcements, and attacked by anoverwhelming force of from five to seven thousand, itwas not possible that the issue could be successful.Under happier auspices such devotion will insure victory.The General commanding feels increased confidencein the troops composing Gen. Stone's division,and is sure when next they meet the enemy, theywill fully retrieve this check, for which they are notaccountable. General Order, No. By order of Major General McCLELLAN. LELLAN. S. WILLIAMS, Ass't Adj't General." ILLIAMS 

 From the accession of South Carolina to the fallof Sumter the Herald outdid all the journals of theSouth in its advocacy of the Southern rebellion. Itjustified it as a wise and necessary defence againstthe anti-slavery sentiment of the Republican partyand certain Northern men precisely as it nowclamors for the arrest and incarceration of the samemen for presuming to from a judgment upon a systemwhich has well-nigh proved our national ruin.It endeavored to bring up public opinion to the pointof acknowledging the independence of the SouthernConfederacy. It labored to bring about a compromisewith the rebels by demanding that everythingthey asked for should be granted. It denounced anymeasure of coercion, any attempt to enforce thelaws, and insisted that our. troops should be withdrawnfrom Southern forte. It never erased in itsabuse of Mr. Lincoln and his Administration, declaringagain and again in these terms and in similarlanguage, that the people" would hold it to a bitterresponsibility for the shameful imbecility and fanaticismwith which it was betraying the interests of thecountry." It appealed to the people of the worth,and especially to the capitalists of this city, of Boston,and of Philadelphia, to stop the wheels of Governmentby refusing to lend it a dollar, that it mightbe thus coerced into yielding to the Sooth all that itdemanded at the point of the bayonet, and be compelledto compound a peace. It comforted the South, andthreatened the Worth with the dire calamity of adivided North, and a consequent bloody civil waramong ourselves. It predicted the ruin that was tovisit us by the overthrow of all our trade, whichwould be removed to Southern cities to flourish undera Southern tariff. It declared that the North-Westwould thus be seduced by their interest fromtheir allegiance, and would desert the Governmentand the Union for the sake of free goods smuggledin under the Confederate tariff. It denounced anyattempt at a blockade of our ports as illegal and impossible.It threatened the country with an acknowledgmentof the Southern Confederacy by thegreat Powers of Europe, declaring that it was certainto be made before the middle of the year—Julylast. And above all, it urged that the bastard Constitution,conceived and brought forth at Montgomery,was so much superior to the Federal Constitutionthat it should be substituted for it, declaring; thatit would be accepted by the Northern people by anoverwhelming majority. Nor did it do each one ofthese things once, but all of them many times.From the moment of the secession of South Carolinaup to the 16th of April, when there was a massmeeting at the corner of Nassau and Fulton streets,for the special enlightenment—either one way oranother—of the Herald establishment, that paperwas uniform and persistent in its devotion to thecause of the insurrectionists, using all its ingenuityand ability, all its industry and power, to the onesole end and aim of establishing the rebellion uponthe ruin of the Government and the degradation ofthe Northern people. Day after day, week afterweek, month after month, the Herald was consistentand earnest, and in its desire for the consummationof treason and the overthrow of the institutions of afree people, sometimes forgot its frivolity and flippancy,and in the devout sincerity of its purposewas even occasionally decent for a day or two together. Herald Herald Herald It would be easy to fill several columns with extractsto show that all we have here said is true to the letter;that it reiterated again and again its propheciesof the utter ruin, commercial and political, of theNorth, and the complete success of the rebellion;and that, to insure the fulfilment of these prophecies,it piled up, month after month, argument, persuasion,and menace, trusting to that great influence whichit assumes to hold over the public mind to justify itswisdom and its a rethought. Over a door to an inneroffice in that establishment was draped a Secessionflag, as a preliminary to a display of the wholeset from its windows, provided for that happy momentwhen New York, led by the Herald, shouldrise in revolt, and declare its adherence to the Southernrebellion. It would be easy, we say, to prove allthis by page upon page of evidence from its owncolumns, and to show bow it abounded with absurdforewarnings and dangerous appeals. But, as thegreater includes the less, we shall content ourselves ,with a few significant passages advocating the adoptionof the Montgomery Constitution as a substitutefor the Federal Constitution, and the entire submissionof the North to the usurpation of Jeff. Davis.On Sunday last the Herald said: "There arefew journals which have been so steady in their devotionto the great constitutional principles on whichour institutions are based;" and "as to changingour mind on MINOR QUESTIONS or policy whenthe circumstances of the times call for it, our readersneed not be told that it is our habit to do so." Wewill turn to the file for March to see the character ofthat "devotion," and to learn what the Herald esteems"minor questions of policy." devotionto the great constitutional principles Herald On Sunday, the 17th of March last, exactly sevenmonths ago, the Herald said— Herald "Now, by the unanimous adoption of the new Constitutionby the Southern Congress, the President, theSecretary of State and the Republican party, knowwhat the South wants: and as there Is nothing unreason-whatin their demands, and as nothing less will satisfythe Southern States, the best course for the BorderStates, and all other States, North and South, to pursueis to ADOPT THIS INSTRUMENT OF RECONSTRUCTION." * * * what the South wants unreason-what The leading article of the Herald of March 19this entitled "The Ultimatum of the South—WhatOught the Administration to Do?" And it proceedsto tell its readers what, in most emphatic terms,beginning thus— "Mr. Lincoln and his advisers have, at length, anopportunity of throwing off the selfishness, fanaticism,and suicidal imbecility which have, so far, characterizedthe course of the present Administration, and of takingmeasures which cannot mil to secure a reconstructionof the Union within a limited period. The adoptionby the Montgomery Congress of a Constitution isequivalent to a manifesto to the rest of the country, ofthe precise wants of the people of the seceding States.It may he regarded as the ultimatum of the South tothe North, and as the only basis upon which the formerwill consent to negotiate with those WHOSE YOKE THEYHAVE RECENTLY THROWN OFF." selfishness, fanaticism,and suicidal imbecility consent to negotiate And the Herald then proceeds to show that thisultimatum is one which should be accepted by theNorth, for, it says— Herald "There is as paint of difference between the Constitutionof the United State and that which has beenadopted by the Southern Confederacy, in which theprovisions of the latter are not an improvement upon theformer." provisions of the latter are not an improvement upon theformer." And again— "There is no part of it which cannot be consistentlyadapted by the North and which will not commanditself to sober-minded conservative citizens in the non-slaveholdingportion of the Union, * * * and if submittedto the people of all the States, there is no questionthatit would be acceded to by three-quarters of theirwhole number." it would be acceded to by three-quarters of theirwhole number. Such was the gauge the Herald took in March ofthe patriotism of the Northern people, and of their iloyalty to the Constitution and the Union bequeathedthem by their lathers. Another article in thesame paper was devoted to a careful analysis of thisMontgomery Constitution, which we were urged toadopt, with its "very important and most desirableimprovements " on the old one, but which the Northernpeople have since thought it worth while, inspite of the Herald, to do something to defend. Itsprovisions in regard to slavery it pat first "in theorder of their importance," as follows— Herald Herald 1. That African slavery m the Territories shall berecognized and protested by Congress and the TerritorialLegislatures recognized and protested 2.That the right to slaveholders of trasmit and SOJOURNin any State of the Confederacy with their slavesand other property shall be recognized and respected. trasmit recognized and respected. 3. That the privation in regard to fugitive slavesshall extend to any slave lawfully carried from oneState into another and there escaping or taken awayfrom his master. lawfully We hardly need point cut to the reader thatthese propositions would legalize slavery all over theUnion permitting the slaveholder to reside wherehe pleased with his slaves, and setting aside on hisbehalf, every law of the free States protecting therights of freeman. This the Herald labored toprove was the only basis on which the Union couldbe reconstructed, for it said— Herald "The constitution and law-makers of the ConfederateStates, and the people thereof, are really in earnestin this business, and have not the remotest idea ofcoming back under the existing Constitution and Governmentof the United States, upon any terms or any tinkering compromises whatever."  On the 20th of March the lending article of theHerald was entitled; "The Ultimatum of the South—Necessity of its Indorsement by the City of NewYork." The adoption of the Constitution of theSouthern Confederacy it pronounced a "cheeringevent," for the instrument was one admirably adapted"to the wants of the country in the presentcrisis," and "affording clear proof the skill, energy,and forethought, with which the Government of thenew Republic are moulding its destinies."  It againdeclared:— Herald the City of NewYork." "There is no point of difference between the Constitutionof 1789, and that framed by the Congress atMontgomery, in which the provisions of the latter arenot an improvement upon the former." provisions of the latter arenot an improvement upon the former. But it improved upon this text, and appealed tothe people of this city to begin the good work of inauguratingNorthern insurrection and accepting serviceunder Jeff. Davis and his fellow conspirators.It said:— "The new Constitution is, in fact, the olive-branchwhich the South holds out to the North; and whatevercourse may be pursued by the Lincoln Administration, it isthe duty of the people of this city to signify, withpromptness, their readiness to accept it. * * * * Beforesix weeks it might be submitted to the popularvote, and would undoubtedly be accepted by our three-fourthsof the States. * * * * It is especially necessarythat the conservative masses of this metropolis SHOULDTAKE THE LEAD in endorsing the Constitution whichthe Confederate States of the South have adopted, andof signifying their willingness to acquiesce in the same." whatevercourse may be pursued by the Lincoln Administration duty this city their undoubtedly be accepted by our three-fourthsof the States. masses of this metropolis of signifying their willingness to acquiesce in the same." In two other articles in the Herald of March 20ththe same policy—of its "minor questions of policy"—is advocated. The "masses" are appealed to;the "leading conservative men of the metropolis"are appealed to; the President is appealed to to conveneCongress, and Congress is appealed to; andthe West is appealed to; all to save the country bythe adoption of the Montgomery Constitution. Andfinally a last appeal is made to the whole countrythus:— Herald "The Southern Confederacy has a MIGHTY DESTINYbefore it, and the only way the Northern Statescan share it, and be saved from ruin, is by adopting thenew Constitution." share be saved from ruin by adopting thenew Constitution. Is this enough? We think so. The Herald gotits answer by-and-by; and from the time the "masses"paid it that memorable visit, to show how profoundlythey had been moved by its labors on behalfof the Jeff. Davis conspiracy, how completely theywere under the control and influence of that journal—form that time to now, the "masses," and "conservativeleaders," the great "metropolis," the West,the East, in short the whole country, from the Atlanticto the Pacific, from the Canada line to Masonand Dixon's, have given their estimate of the Herald'sadvice. And if there be anybody who believesthat it does anything more than attempt to throw aflimsy disguise over these opinions now in its persistentefforts to sow discord, to aroused disturbances, to goadthe Government to some rash act of foolish oppression,and to excite everywhere jealousies and prejudicesthat may lead to scenes of strife, then such personis possessed of a degree of credulity that is almostincredible.—New York Tribune. Herald Herald's New York Tribune. 

 On Sabbath morning the following remarks of theRev. Henry Ward Beecher were made, not in thesermon, but upon giving out a notice of meetings ofladies in then congregation, for the purpose of providinghospital stores for our armies, and particularlywith reference to furnishing stores for the hospitalsof St. Louis:— "The poor West seems destined to neglect. Weremember the fate of Kansas, when the cause of libertywas imperiled there. And now, in turn, thesame cause hangs in suspense in Missouri. Whenright and justice are to be established, it would almostseem as if that were a reason for our Governmentto disown them. And I cannot but expressmy solemn conviction that both our Government,and in a still greater degree the community, havedone a great injustice to the cause in Missouri, in thetreatment which has been bestowed on that nobleman, Gen. Fremont. I have narrowly watched thecourse of things, not unacquainted with the reality offacts in the case; and it is my settled judgment that,partly from private ambition, partly from politicalreasons, and partly from calculating aspirations ofrivals, the most unjust influences have been permittedto issue against this heroic man. My faith in hisadministrative ability is not a whit less than in 1856.For aught that we can see, he is second in militarycapacity to none of the able generals that are nowserving their country. It has wisely been thoughtnot fit for public journals to criticize the administrationof our generals, or the plans of the Administration,in advance, nor until the whole results havebeen disclosed. It is impossible for men remote fromthe field, ignorant of the mingled political and militaryreasons that shape conduct, ignorant of the trialsand difficulties, of the limitations and restraints ofarmies, to judge correctly, or criticise justly. Butwhy is this moderation observed toward Gen. McClellan,and toward Gen. Anderson, in Kentucky,and his successors, but vociferously violated in thesingle instance of Gen. Fremont? For the Armyof the Potomac no stint is given to means and implements.Missouri, if not neglected, is yet tardilysupplied with a penurious hand. Every step ismade matter of many-voiced criticism, in a spirit thatshows there is a foregone judgment, and thatmen are anxious to find reasons for purposes whichthey have already formed. Either let Gen. Fremontalone to work out the proper results of his campaign,or, if it is proper to subject him, at each step, to suchabusive investigation and report, let the same libertybe indulged in the case of our other Generals.Not one word of the Army of the Potomac, and itsnoble leader; not one word of the Army of WesternVirginia, and its indefatigable and cautious General;not one word of the management of affairs in Kentucky,under the administration of the noble Anderson,who has laid his health upon the altar of fidelityto his country; but against Fremont incessant, insidious,and unreasonable complaint. It is a shame;and there ought to be an indignation in the communitythat shall bring this trifling with the publicinterests committed to this man's hands to an end.His field is larger than that of any other army. Hismeans are less. He has had neither the sympathynor the help that he had a right to expect. And ifthis campaign shall fail in his hands, it is my solemnconviction that the public interests will have beensacrificed for the sake of putting out of the way adangerous rival." In the evening, prefacing a collection for theAmerican Missionary Association, which was to bespecifically employed for the religious and secular instructionof the 1,800 emancipated slaves in andaround Fortress Monroe, Mr. Beecher said:— "Gen. Butler called them 'contrabands,' and allpeople seemed relieved, and snapped at the expressionas if it was a very felicitous thing. My friends,it is one of the great disadvantages of the positionin which the North are placed that they dare notsay Freemen and Liberty in this conflict. The Southhave this particular advantage: that they know thatthey are fighting for slavery, and say so. They arenot complicated in that regard. Their issue is simple;and, though selfish and monstrous, they havethe advantage which comes from simplicity and frommanly frankness. The North are in a position inwhich they do not dare to say that they are fightingfor liberty. We are. We are not fighting directlyfor emancipation; but we are fighting for that Constitutionand for those institutions which we believewill inevitable bring liberty, in the process of time.I am well aware of the embarrassments in whichGovernment is placed. I would not say a word, norexert an influence, to complicate matters, or maketheir fearful responsibility more onerous.  I wouldlighten their hands by every just, generous sentiment,and every charitable construction; but I mustbe allowed, and I think it is proper and right, to say,that it is not inconsistent with the soundest policy,and with the truest construction of duty, for thePresident, for the members of his cabinet, and forthe generals of the army, to say that they shall giveevery constitutional advantage in this struggle to liberty,and that the animus with which they go forthis the maintenance of constitutional laws, becausethey embody essentially the spirit of liberty. Everyattempt to dodge, and equivocate, and get aroundthis question; every attempt to be sensitive in favorof slavery, and to make allowance in that direction,is very bad policy, to say nothing about justice andhigher considerations.  And we never shall carrythis conflict victoriously through until men cease tohave the sacred words of liberty stick intheir throat,and make long circuits and periphrases when theycome to that question; and I thank God that thereis one man who dares to speak out upon it. Thatman, with whose name the cause of liberty was sointimately associated in the campaign of 1856, seemsdestined still to be identified with the progress ofthat sacred cause. He alone, of all our generals,seems to have had that far-seeing wisdom whichsprings from the very spirit and love of liberty. Howsimple and clear are his utterances. He alone daresto call slaves by their own odious name—slaves—aword which the Constitution would not utter, andwhich men senstive of shame do not love to speak.He alone has declared that the slaves of man foundin arms against their country shall become freemen.Mark it; Not, with verbal dexterity; contrabands;not men without name, anomalous, nondescript; but,as if inspired from on high with the very spirit of religion,and acting according to its most undoubtedinspirations, Freemont has declared that slaves shallbecome free men. The heart and consciences of thewhole North responded to that touch. ThereforeFremont will never be forgiven."—Ibid. Freemen Liberty are. Ibid. 

 The great business of this country being to putdown the present slaveholding rebellion, the question,How to put it down? is always in order fordiscussion, and cannot be kept out sight and bearingby any agreement whatever. When we aretold that we must yield to the Administration, andto its method of carrying on the war, we readilyassent. We must yield to it; we do cheerfully, cordiallyand earnestly support all its measures for carryingon the war. It should have all the moneyand all the men it wants, and it should not be embarrassedby unfriendly and captious criticism. Butwhen we are told that the Administration has definitelypronounced, once for all, against the policyof making am of the negroes, free and slave, as aweapon of war, we answer, first, by denying thestatement, and, second, that even if its present policytoads that way, there is no certainly and an probabilitythat it is so wedded to its theories or so embarrassedby its acts that its policy cannot be changed.Almost every man says he is ready for emancipationin ease the war cannot be brought to asuccessful end without it. If the Republic or slaveryhas got to go to the wall, they my, let slaverygo. They refuse, however, to admit the emergency.Probably the Administration now does the same.Very well; the question is one of opinion and fact.We don't deny that possibly the rebellion may becrashed without freeing the negroes. But we areand always have been for a short war. The presentcondition of affairs doubtless has its charms for contractorsand adventurers; but the people, especiallythe business community, prefer a condition or peace,and will demand that the rebels shall be pot downas speedily and as effectually as possible. If emancipationis the speediest and most effectual way, thepeople will sooner or later find it out. There isnothing in the history or the present position of theAdministration which leads us to suppose that itsmodification of Gen. Fremont's proclamation is anything]ore than an indication of its policy towardKentucky; perhaps its temporary policy there. Itis obliged to deal with questions as they arise, andthe events of a week or a day may induce or compela sodden and absolute change of ground. Somenew aspect of the contest, some new disaster, perhaps,may precipitate upon us the question of emancipationfor immediate solution; and the New YorkHerald may be compelled to change front upon itagain as suddenly as it has done within the last twomonths. The history of this war, on the part of bothGovernment and people, is little more than a recordof the discovery of mistakes and the rectification ofblunders. Nobody is to blame. The press whichsupposed that the rebellion was a mere continuationof the system of bullying by which the South hadalways won its victories, and the statesmen whofancied it could be quelled by patiently waitingthirty, sixty, or ninety days, were equally honest, buthave been proved equally mistaken. must do Herald Among the most pernicious blunders which haveembarrassed our warlike operations, has been theblunder of underrating the strength of the rebels.As a matter of course, we have overrated thestrength of the loyal States. In estimating thestrength of the Confederate States, we have regardedslaves as an element of weakness, assuming thetruth of the old adage, "so many slaves, so manyenemies," and forgetting that they can never be theenemies of their masters until they are treated asfriends by us; that at best, in their present position,they are but neutrals, and as suck, an element ofneither weakness nor strength to the enemy; andthat, from the moment that our refusal to recognizethem as allies, or the desperate necessities of the rebellion,compels the Confederate Government to appealto them for help, slavery becomes an element ofpositive and terrible strength. By a table prepared for the American Almanacof 1861, by Mr. Kennedy, the Superintendent of theCensus, it appears that the free population of all theStates, not including the District of Columbia or theTerritories, was, in 1860, 27,280,070. Of this number,the free States had 18,831,329; the slaveStates 8,448,741. The entire slave population was3,999,765. Counting the slaves as neutral, the relativestrength of the two sections, without estimatingthe difference as to the means and appliances of war,is represented by their free populations respectively,viz.: as 18 8-10 to 8 4-10. Adding the slaves to thefree population of the South, either as laborers, supportingthe whites, or as combatants (and they arealready acting in the former capacity, and sooner orlater will be in both,) and the relative proportionsare as 18 8-10 to 12 4-10. Adding the slaves to thepopulation of the North, the proportions are 22 8-10to 8 4-10. Mr. Hickman's proposition seemed simple andfeasible. Eighteen millions can overpower eightmillions. It was based on the supposition of theneutrality of the slaves. This is a delusion now,and will prove a greater and more fearful delusionas the war proceeds. It is now practically eighteenmillions to twelve millions. But we may better Mr.Hickman's formula, and make it twenty-two millionsto eight millions, or thereabout, if we please. Toone complexion or the other it must come at last.However anxious our Government may be to protectthe Union men of the Border States, withoutrequiring anything of them in return, except thatthey shall allow our troops to guard their farms, hen-roosts,and slave-pens, Jeff. Davie will allow no neutralityin his dominions. This war will up-turn thefoundations of Southern Society, and every man,woman, and child must take part, on one aide or theother. The four millions of irrepressible Africansmust work and fight on one side or the other; and,if not allowed to work and fight for us, they willwork and fight against us. his must Now let us leak at some further deductions fromMr. Kennedy's tables. Slaves between the ages offifteen and sixty are regarded as able-bodied, forworking or fighting. There were, in 1850, betweenthese ages, 816,425 male slaves. In 1860, calculatingthe increase in the same proportion: as the increaseof the whole slave population, there were1,019,281. Every one of these men is now at work,supporting the families of the rebel soldiers, or performingthe exhausting labor of the trenches andthe drudgery of the camp, which Northern "mudsills,"in our armies, have to do for themselves. InMaryland, there are 22,000 of these able-bodied maleslaves. There were in Virginia, in 1850, 121,564able-bodied male slaves: to-day there are 126,000,and 14,000 able-bodied free colored men—14,000men helping support the Rebel armies, if not helping to constitute the Rebel armies.  Supposingwe permitted them to work for us? or supporting weshould welcome them within our lines, instead ofsending them back to report of our flag that it is theemblem of oppression, and of our Eagle; that for thepoor slaves his bones are brass and his feathers areiron? How long in such a case, would Beauregardflaunt the rattlesnake flag in sight of the WhiteHouse? There are 53,322 of the same class in Kentucky;69,358 in Tennessee; and in both States,4,100 able-bodied free colored men. Total, in bothStates, 126,000. What? Allies or enemies? Everyone of them is a Union men, and, if we choose tohave him so, a fighter for the Union. North Carolinahas 76, 000 of the same class, besides 5,000 freecolored men; South Carolina, 104,000 of both classes;Georgia, 115,000 Alabama, 111,900; Mississippi,124,000; Louisiana, 99,100; and Missouri, 27,750.These figures, compiled with cure, where the strengthof this alone in the Border, Atlantic, and Gulf States,On which side, as such point of landing, shall thisimmense forth fight ad work?—Ibid. free  Ibid. 

 ☞ The capture of the New York brig Granada,by the privateer Sallie, off Charleston, adds to theapprehension felt by ship owners in regard to thesefreebooters.  The war risk was not inserted in thepolicy of the Grenada, so she is a total loss. 

 To the Editor of the New York Tribune: To the Editor of the New York Tribune SIR,—In your article, "The Clergy on War,"many were pleased to see the testimony of St.Anselm of the eleventh century. Allow me topresent one 600 years before his, an authority whichour Hibernian friends will duly appreciate, and veryjustly so. The venerable apostle of Ireland leftbut two well authenticated compositions, and one ofthese was really a trust or a general epistle againstslavery. The occasion of it was this:— Coroticus, a British chieftain, though professingChristianity, made a descent upon the coast of Ireland,and curried off, and sold to the Picts, a numberof converts whom St. Patrick had recently baptized.He immediately dispatched a messenger to the slave-dealer,requiring that he should instantly release thecaptives and return them home. The requisition,however, was treated with neglect or contempt;Whereupon St. Patrick, styling himself a "Bishop,and established in Ireland," thus proclaimed:—"Toall that fear God—these marauders and robbers areexcommunicated and estranged from Christ; and itis not lawful to show them any civility, nor to eator drink with them, nor to receive their offerings,until they have sincerely repeated and made atonement,and liberated those servants and handmaids ofChrist." And he further required all the faithful,into whose hands this epistle might All, "to get itand read it before the people everywhere, and, ifpossible, to Coroticus himself, and communicate itto his soldiers, in the hope that they might return toGod." [Lanigan Eccles. Hist. I., p. 297; Moore'sHistory of Ireland, p. 118] D.D.V. liberated Morrisania, N.T. 

 "It being necessary to form a ticket of Electors,and the time being too short to call a Convention ofthe people, it was suggested that the Richmond editorsshould prepare a ticket, thus relieving the peopleof the trouble of making selections. The ticket thusformed has been presented. Among the names wefind those of Wm. L. Goggin of Bedford, and R.T.Daniel of Richmond; E.H. Fitzhugh of Ohio county;John R. Edmunds of Halifax, and C.W. Newton ofNorfolk City. Every district in the Stats is embracedin this editorial report." The above precious morsel is among our latestnews from the rebel capital. It will be rememberedthat Mr. Russell, in some of his earlier letters, toldus how the ruling classes of the South had resolvedto disfranchise the people, when their slave empirewas established. We did not expect to see this consummationreached so quickly. But events moverapidly, in these fast times. Already the people ofthe South begin to murmur portentously at the grossdeception that has been put upon them. Instead ofEuropean recognition, a prosperous independence,and plenty of free niggers—they begin to realizebow harshly war is using them, and bow dreary theprospect ahead. Under this state of things, with apowerful army ready to overwhelm in front, andvast fleets hovering upon their flank, it might bedangerous to intrust the sacred right of suffrage tothe deceived and discontented masses. The rulersmight, by such a course, suddenly find their kingdomfalling from under their feet, and their schemesof towering ambition terminated at the end of adangling cord. So the aristocratic editors of Richmond,by order of the leading conspirators, determinethat there is no time to call a convention,and therefore proceed to put an electoral ticket innomination themselves, which the people are graciouslypermitted to go through the form of ratifying.If this rebellion last much longer, the commonpeople may find that they are no longer freeAmerican citizens, but the serfs of a slaveholdingoligarchy—and the ravings of Southern rhetoricians,that capital should own its labor, may be by themsadly realized.—Tribune. Tribune. 

 SAY NOTHING ABOUT SLAVERY. Suppose theFugitive States had absconded upon the Tariff question?Or the public land question? Or a questionof Representative apportionment? Would politicaljustice, or even political expediency, which is somethingmeaner, have demanded of us anything so irrationalas debate without reference or allusion tothe subject-matter of debate? What moralist rebukesa sinner, and yet spares his easily besettingsin? Slavery has seceded; taken up arms; engagedin a wicked and unnatural rebellion; yet slavery isjust that which we are not to mention, and muchdiscuss. Thus a writer in a New-England newspaper,whose eyes are in the back part of his bead,complains that "the fertile fields of the South are tobe deluged in blood, and all this to carry out the oneidea of Abolitionism." Sagacious censor! Supposewe reverse his proposition and say that "the fertilefields of the South are to be deluged in blood, and allthis to carry out the one idea of slavery." Wouldnot this be as near the truth, and perhaps nearer?Why will not these "O-no-we'll-never-mention-it"gentlemen see that they are as garrulous about slaveryas the veriest Immediate Abolitionist?—Ibid. AY OTHING BOUT LAVERY. that Ibid. 

 The Quakers who live on the Maryland westernshore and in the neighboring parts of Pennsylvaniaand Virginia, have just had their yearly meeting, andhave adopted an address giving to the members of theSociety the following advice:— "In the present condition of civil society, governmentis indispensable for the security of life and thepreservation of property, and, therefore, all who enjoythe benefits of government should contribute todefray the expenses of its administration, conductedin such way as those selected for that responsible dutyshall think it right and proper to administer it. Ifevery one were to contribute to the expenses of thoseacts only which he approves, the government couldnot be maintained, and anarchy and confusion, with alltheir hurtful consequences, must necessarily ensue.There would be a great difficulty, too, if not an impossibility,in consistently making the refusal, inasmuchas duties on many articles in use are laid forprecisely the same object. The true position ofFriends in the civil community is, to be quiet, peaceablecitizens, under whatever government is establishedover them, cheerfully obeying all laws withwhich they can conscientiously comply; and as theyare found to do this, greater respect will be paid totheir samples for non-compliance with those lawswhich they cannot obey, and against which thegrounds of their testimony can be made more obviouslymanifest." 

 One after another the masters and mates who havebeen mast actively engaged in the slave trade fromthis port haws been captured and confined by MarshalMurray. Time was when it was the rarest thingin the work that a slaver was taken, but with Ryndersthat state of things passed away, and now hardlya week passes without the arrest of some of these piraticalgentry. On Sunday, William Garnett, mateof the slaver Rucheys, was arrested by Deputy MarshalAnderson, on warrants issued in the usual way.Mr. Murray has been in search of this culprit for morethan a month, but without success, until the officerchanced to meat him as he was at easing one of theferries to Brooklyn. On being taken to Polios Headquarters,he was confronted with the United StalesMarshal. Garnett asked, in the most innocent mannerpossible, on what charge be had been arrested. Andwhen asked if he was not the mate of the Buckeye,he blandly replied that he did not know there wasany such vessel. "Ah!" said the Marshal, "that isreally unfortunate; but perhaps our course of treatmentfor a few days wilt refresh your memory. It isa remarkable foot, I notice, that yea slaver snaps havevery short memories. Several, however, have wonderfullyImproved in that respect after two or threedays of Dr. Sutton's treatment," So Mr. Garnett,like many other precious gems, was looked up securelyfor safe-keeping. Yesterday morning he had aglimmering recollection that there was such a vessel asthe Buckets; but as to his having bean man? a-board,that was all misty and confused. Perhaps by this dayweek—or say, for instance, when he sees the half-dozenwitnesses the Marshal has to confront himwith—his former official connection with the vessel inquestion may be more clearly defined in his mind. The Buckeye cleared from this part for one of theWest India islands, but on rests slipped over to thecoast of Africa—which lay too handy to realist thechance—and got a full cargo of negroes, which wassafely disposed of to Cuban speculators. Her Captain—the man Booth, who was recently arrested, andis now being examined—came back to New York witha clear conscience and a pocket full of money, neitherof which, unfortunately, are likely to avail him in hispresent predicament. on rests The Marshal yesterday arrested fifteen of the crewof the slaver Nightingale, on board the storeship Relief,of the African squadron.  These men served onthe Nightingale, and, upon her seizure, they were puton the storeship, their places being supplied by a prizecrew.  On the arrival of the Relief, at this port, theywere taken into custody, and are now locked up fortrial.—N.Y. Tribune, Oct. 15. 

 THIS is new style first class, double thread FamilyMachine made and licensed under the patents ofHowe, Wheeler &Wilson and Grover & Baker, and itsconstruction is the best combination of the various patentsowned and used by these parties, and the permits ofModel at the last Fair of the Mechanics' Charitable Association,and are the best finished and most substantiallymade Family machines new in the market. ☞Sales Room,, 188 Washington street. Sales Room, GEO.E. LEONARD, Agent. Agents wanted everywhere. All kinds of Sewing Machines work done at short actionBoston, Jan 18, 1861. 3m. Report of the Judge of the last Four of the MassachusettsCharitable Mechanic Association. Report of the Judge of the last Four of the MassachusettsCharitable Mechanic Association. "FOUR PARKAR'S SEWING MACHINES. This Machine isso constructed that it embrace the combination of the variouspatents owned and used by Elias Howe, Jr., Wheeler&Wilson and Grover & Baker for which then patrons paytribute. These, together with Parker's improvementmake it a beautiful Machine. They are sold from &40 to&120 each. They are very perfect in their mechanism,being adjusted before leaving the manufactory in such amanner that they cannot et deranged. The food whichis very essential point in good Machine is, is simple positiveand complete. The apparatus for gauging the lengthof stitch is very simple and effective. The tension as wellas other parts is well arranged. There is another featurewhich strikes your committee favorably, viz: there is nowheel below the table between the standard to come incontact with the dress of the operator, and therefore sodanger from oil or dirt. This machine makes the doublelock-stitch, but is so arranged that it lays the ridge uponthe back quite flat and smooth, doing away is greatmeasures with the objection sometimes urged on that account. OUR ARKAR'S EWING ACHINES. 

 OPENED BYH.A. PETERMAN.M.D. THE Proprietors of this Institution take is announcingto the invalids of Michigan and its neighboringStates that they have opened their WATER-CURE atSt. MARY'S LAKE, and are now in readiness to receive patients. This Institution is situated in one of the most breathyand pleasant location in the State on the banks of abeautiful little lake, four miles North of the Coty of BattleCrack. The building are new commotions and furnished forthe comfort and convenience of invalids. The bath-roomsare large, and fitted up with hot cold vapor, chemical,and electrical baths. The lake whose waters are as clear and left as these ofa spring from the granite mountain's base To well suppliedwith boats and bath-house. No more beautiful fresh waterbathing can be found in any land. Several hundred across of the grand Old Oak Forest immediatelysurrounding the lake have been reserved forpleasure-grounds. The affected requiring surgical treatment will find thisa most desirable establishment where they can placedin the best possible condition to bear an operation and receivethe best of care afterwards. operation Particular attention given treatment of diseases ofthe Eye. All operation performed that warrant a prospectof restoring sight to the blind. Our treatment for Cataractis entirely new and in advance of anything hithertoknown. A supply of beautiful Artificial Eyes kept constantly onhand. Paralysis and every verity of Nervous and Chronicdiseases will he treated. The ladies Department is under the care Mrs. S. A/Peterman whose long experience in the treatment of thediseases whose long experience in the treatment of thediseases incident to the female constitution renders hertreatment unsurpassed by that of any physicians now pratingin that department of the medical profession. There will be a competent Music teacher in attentionsto give instruction in Piano, Guitar and Vocal Music tosuch as may wish to take medical treatment and purpose thestudy of Music at the same time. For such this will befound a most desirable location where the metal andphysical system may both be developed; the one in themusic room the other in rambling through the leafywoods in the Gymnasium and in boat-rowing than whichno better exercise can be found. We intend with the aid of competent help in every departmentto make this CURE the invalid HIME, as wellas a place for medical treatment. this URE IME Those coming as patients should furnish themselves withtwo comfortable two linen or cotton packing sheets onewoolen blanket by the CURE at fifty cents per week extra URE TERM—From $7 to $10 per week for treatment board&C., according to roomed care. H.F. PETERMAN, M.D., Mas. S.A. PERTERMAN, M.D., Physicians and Proprietors, To whom all letters of inquiry should be addressed Eachcommunication, to insure an answer, should contact apostage stamps for return letter. should St. Mary's Lake Michigan, May 20, 1861. J 21 

 MADAME CAREATUS BANNISTER WOULD inform the public that she has removed from223 Washington Street, to No. 31 WINTER STREETM Where she will attend to all diseases of the Hair. She is sure to care in nine cases of ten as she hasfor many yours made the hair study and us sure thereare none to excel her in producing a new growth of hair. Her Restorative differs from that of any one else beingmade from the roots and herbs of the forest She Champoos with bark which does not grow in thiscountry and which highly beneficial to the hair beforeusing the Restorative, and will prevents the hair fromturning grey. She also has another for restoring grey hair to its naturalcolor in nearly cases She is not afraid to speak ofher Restoring in say part of the world as they are usedin every city in the country. They are also packed for hercustomers to take to Europe with them enough to last twoor three years as they often say they can get nothingabroad like them. MADAME CARTEUX BANNISTER, No, 31 Winter Street, Boston. 

 COSMOPOLITAN in every department of knowledge;its crystallized thoughts are intended to furnish abecome light for the future. It columns are upon tocommunication upon every subject. Its work is to culvatethe mind, and to add to man's material comforts.  Particularattention is given to the department of Healthwith new and progressed methods of treating disease, bythe Editor. Devoted to no seat belonging to no party,not given to ONE IDEA, it present itself to a liberal-mindedcommunity, and asks their co-operation. The Herald of Progress is published every Saturday ona double folio of eight pages, for two dollars per annum,or one dollars for six months in advance. Specimen copiesforwarded gratis Address, A.J. DAVIS &CO. 27,Canal street New York. April 10. Herald of Progress 

 And for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 221 WashingtonStreet, And for sale at the Anti-Slavery Office, 221 WashingtonStreet AN celebrate Work entitled "Relation of the AmericanBoard of Communication for Foreign Missions toSlavery. By Charles K. Whipple,"—a volume of nearly250 pages. In cloth, 37 cents—in paper covers 25 centsAug. 30 

 WM. SYMINGTON BROWN, M.D. andMRS. MARGARET B. BROWN, Accouchese, Accouchese, HAVE opened an office at 274 Washington StreetBoston and will devote special attention to thetreatment of the above diseases. Office Hours from 10, A.M., to P.M. Boston, Oct 4, 1861. 3m 

 THE subscriber has opened house No. 7 Myrtle atfor the accommodation of transient Boarders There actionis a pleasant one within a few minutes' walk of themost control portions of the city. Every exertion will bemade for the comfort of those who may favor the housewith a call. Boston furnished with or without board.Terms moderate. Boston, June 7. S. NEWELL. 

 BOSTON. LAW OFFICES, 114 STATE STREET,Room 11. TATE TREET oom 

