 The resolutions recently adopted by the combinedcommittees of New York citizens, on the subject ofthe prosecution of the war, are of remarkable significanceat the present time. They are the deliberateutterance of men hitherto connected with all politicalparties, and now representing five different associations.We copy all but the first two resolutions, as follows:— "Resolved, That the time has fully come when wemust strike for our national life, using every weaponGod has given us, and calling to our aid every personwho can be drawn from the rebels or added to ourcause. That a proclamation of the Commander-in-Chief,declaring the provisions of the recent law ofCongress to be the sentiments of the Government, andthat they will be enforced, would secure to the Unioncause thousands of laborers, thousands of fighting men,and millions of coöperating well-wishers. That thewelfare of our country, the lives of loyal soldiers, andthe happiness of loyal families all over the free States,demand the proclamation. Resolved, That every day's delay complicates ourrelations, both foreign and domestic, gives the rebelsstrength, and is wasting hundreds of good and truemen; and it is Car better that every rebel should perishthan that one more loyal soldier should die. And therefore it is that we, with entire unanimity,most respectfully and most earnestly call upon thePresident to act in his capacity as Commander-in-Chiefof the army and navy of the United States, and immediatelyissue the order which will take from therebels their great source of strength, while it willdiminish their army by calling to the defence of theirhomes large numbers of rebel officers and men. Andwe assure the President that in this, as in every act ofhis administration, the people of the free States willsustain the policy, while the whole civilized worldwill applaud the proclamation of emancipation." The sentiments thus put forth come from such menas Mayor Opdyke, Hamilton Fish, A.T. Stewart.John A. Stevens, P.M. Wetmore, Robert B. Minturn,Jonathan Sturges, G.W. Blunt, Simeon Draper, MosesH. Grinnell, Robert H. McCurdy, William CurtisNoyes, William Orton, James W. White, FrancisLieber, David Dudley Field, William F. Havemeyer,R.M. Blatchford, and other representatives of thewealth, enterprise, intellect and vitue of the city ofNew York. It is certainly an important demonstration,and is entitled to the profoundest considerationof the Government and of the loyal community atlarge.—Boston Journal. Boston Journal. 

 To the Editor the Liberator: To the Editor the Liberator: I admire the resolutions adopted in New York cityby committees representing the Chamber of Commerce,Union Defense Committee, the CommonCouncil, and other bodies, and also the article fromthe New York Commercial Advertising headed "TheRebellion and Slavery," published in last Saturday'sTranscript. I like the resolutions, so far as they go,and hope those high minded, patriotic and influentialgentlemen will again exercise their combined influencesin calling upon the President to proclaim theemancipation not only of the slaves of rebels, but theimmediate, unconditional and universal emancipation(under the war power) of all who are held as slavesthroughout the length and breadth of this great Republic,which, had it not been for the blighting curseof slavery, might have flourished, and become thegreatest, the wisest, and the happiest nation on theglobe. This I would have them ask the presidentto do, as a matter of justice in the sight of God, bothtowards the slaves and their masters, even though itmight as a matter of expediency, not of justice, bethought best hereafter to compensate all loyal masters.The Advertiser says— Commercial Advertising Advertiser I have would have been, there could have been,no rebellion that there been no slavery. It is thebane of our existence as a nation It is the upastree which, at the South, has almost killed democracyand love of tree institution, and whose shadow hasfallen banefully upon the North also It is our enemiesstrength and our weakness; and self defense,the very ate four cherished government, demandsthat the blow be struck at the thing itself, as well asat those who have fostered it. The above quotation seems to imply the necessityof the total abolition of slavery in this country; andyet the writer seems to be strangely inconsistent, forhe says. We behave, in sadness, but in all earnestnessthat the success of our war for the Union dependsupon the president's issuing a proclamation ofemancipation to every slave who will leave the rebels,and some within our lines" If "the success of ourwar thus depends upon emancipation why not proclaimuniversal emancipation, and thus secure justiceto the slave obedience to God and salvation to ourcountry! W. rebels Boston, July 29, 1852. 

 ☞TERMS—Two dollars and fifty cents per annum,in advance. ☞Five copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS of payment is made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected (POST PAID) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements inserted at the rate of five centsper.  ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz:—WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, EDMUNDJACKSON, and WILLIAM L. GARRISON, JR. ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON ILLIAM ARRISON R. 

 HANGING UNION MEN IN GALVESTION. TheCharleston Courier states that an order has been promulgatedin Galveston, Texas, ordering every familyto leave the city, as it was to he defended to the lostSeveral families not having complied with the order,their homes were searched and the Stars and Stripes'discovered; it having been intended to hang themout in come of the capture of the city. The Couriersays:—"All those guilty of this treason were takesout, and immediately hung." ANGING NION EN IN ALVESTION. Courier 

 "I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that militaryauthority takes, for the time, the place of all institutions, and SLAVERY AMONG THE REST;'and that, under that state of things, as far from its beingfree that the States where slavery exists have the conclusivemanagement of the subject, not only the PRESIDENT OFTHE UNITED STATES, but the COMMANDOR OF THE ARMY,HAS POWER TO ORDER THE UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATIONOF THE SLAVES..... From the instantThat the slaveholding States become the theatre of a war,CIVIL, servile, or foreign, from that instant the war powersof CONFORMS extend to interference with the institution ofslavery, IN EVERY WAY IN WHICH IT CAN BE WITH, from a claim of indensity for slaves taken or destroyed,to the  of States, burdened with slavery, toa foreign power.... It is a war power. I say it is a warpower; and when your country is actually in war, whetherit be a war of invasion or a war of insurrection, Congresshas power to carry on the war, and MUST CARRY IT ON, ACCORDINGTO THE LAWS OF WAR; and by the laws of war,an invaded country has all its laws and municipal institutionsswept by the heard, and MARTIAL POWER TAKES THEPLACE OF THEM. When two hostile armies are not in martialarray, the commanders of both armies have power to emancipateall the slaves in the invaded territory."—J.G. ADAMS.  RESIDENT OF THE NITED TATES OMMANDOR OF THE RMY ONFORMS   DAMS. 

 The rebel Johnson has issued a proclamationfrom Henderson, on the Kentucky side of the river,where his headquarters were, and from homes hismen went round in small squads plundering and stealingall they could lay their lands upon. The followingin a copy of this characteristic document:— "Citizens of Kentucky: It the gone forth to thewould that you are a subjugated people—that the ironheal of despotism has destroyed all spirit of resistance,and crushed out the last spark of partition. Thisidea has gone through the North, and they look uponyou with contempt, and send their hirellags to ruleover you. It has crossed the Atlantic, and the eyesof Europe have been looking at the position of KentuckySouth, among those who ought to be yourbrothers you have become a byeword and a scoff.The Kentucky army hare turned their anxious eyesto their native State, and at each new outrage wouldlisten for the tocsin of war; hat they have listenedand hoped against hope until the last ray has expired.The Confederate Cabinet and Congress hare lookedfor some movement indicating a desire for freedom;but they have looked in vain, and think Kentucky lost. But there is one man who has never despaired.That man is John C. Breckinridge, the hero, thestatesman, and the patriot. With the same never-despairinglove that a mother bears to bar offspring,does he regard Kentucky—with the same anxious carehas he watched her. He has asked his governmentand the world to suspend public opinion until hisState should have one more opportunity to redeem hercharacter; and now, citizens of Kentucky, this opportunityhas presented itself, and for the sake of yourformer fame and glory—for your country—for yourliberties, which ought to he dearer to yon than life itself—cometo the field. Rally to your country's call.Rise in your majesty, and drive from your midst thismonster of oppression. Then prepare now to meet the enemy; send theyoung men to the field; let them retrieve the characterof this once proud and noble State. Circulatethrough the country that the Confederate governmentdoes not war against the citizens of the country. Canyou, with the example set by the people of the Sooth,tamely submit! They have, with heroic devotion,applied the torch to their property, and, with unparalleledunanimity, have they battled for their country.Will you not risk as much as they to achieveyour freedom and independence?" 

 We are told by a gentleman who heard him, thatParker Pillsbury the embittered Abolitionist, deliversSunday harangue to a crowded audience inMilford, Worcester, Co. Mass, last Sunday. Hepainted in vivid colors the horrors of the war, andtold them not to enlist urged them to discourage recruiting—until such time as the Administration declaredfor an abolition war This is the ground takenby Gov. Andrew, in his letter to the Secretary ofWar, in which he stated the terms on which Massachusettswould consent to furnish volunteers. Pillsburyabused the President and ridiculed the policy of thewar; depicted the agonies endured by the woundedsoldiers— the shrieking shot and shell, the mangledbodies, the returning soldier with stooping from sallowcheek, and bending crutch. He said it would befolly for our young men to go down there and be madetargets for the rules of Jefferson Davis, until there wasa proclamation of abolition and then he recommendedfight.—Hartford Times. until the terms Hartford Times. We have recently had occasion to lay before ourreaders the proceedings of the Essex Country AbolitionSociety, the resolutions of which were sothoroughly disloyal that they shocked all who readthem. They were offered by the same personnamed in the above paragraph. We recall, in thisconnection, the recent letter of Senator Summer inreply to an invitation which was sent to him to attend theNew York Union meeting. We extract asentence, which demands Mr. Pillsbury's profoundattention— "To this end the cries of faction must be silenced,and the wickedness of sedation, whether in print or publicspeech must be suppressed. These are the Northern alliesof the rebellion. An aroused and indignant people,with iron heel, ought to tread them out forever, asmen tread out the serpent so that it can neither hissnor sting. wickedness of sedation, whether in print or publicspeech must be suppressed. These are the Northern allies Does Mr. Sumner wish it to be behaved that heis really in favor of suppressing those seditionsmen, his friends and admirers, who are to-day preventingthe enlistment of the young men, sons ofAbolitionists, who make up Essex Country societies,and attend of a Sunday on the preaching of Mr.Wendell Phillips in Boston? If he does, we shallhear him open his lips in Boston to denounce thesemen. He will boldly risk his reelection to the Senateby using his influence to silence the sedition beprofesses to abhor. Perhaps we have mistaken him.and he did not have these men in mind when bewrote the sentence. But then are the only men whooppose enlistments, and distinctly avow enmity to theGovernment, excepting the Southern rebels. Wesuggest the subject in all seriousness to Mr. Summer,as one demanding his attention as a patriot. Hecan do instant and vast good. He has great influencewith all that class of men. He knows, as weall know, that they utterly refuse to enlist, or tosend their sons to the war, and that this is due, atleast in part to the teachings of their leaders; wecannot think it is entirely due to personal disinclinationto fight the battles of the Union. But ifMr. Summer desires to do a noble service to theGovernment, let him now persuade the Abolitionistleaders in Boston to enlist personally, and bring intheir men with them. If they are loyal, they willdo it; and as they boast of loyalty, and freely callall who who do not agree with them traitors, we submitthat the opportunity is good for testing their allegiance. But then are the only men whooppose enlistments, and distinctly avow enmity to the We say frankly, that w don't believe they areloyal. If this man Pillsbury is a fair specimen, andhe is certainly high in their church, they are as disloyalas the men that fought against us at Richmond.The present state of the enlistments makes thismatter a much more serious business than Mr. Pillsburyseems to imagine it. The danger is imminent;the necessity of the Government presses as neverbefore. In ordinary times, he and his like are of toosmall account to be noted, and arrest and imprisonmentwould only give them coveted martyrdom.But now, when discouragements of the smallest kinddrive us toward the necessity for drafting and asingle obstacle may make expensive and difficultmeasures necessary, it is wicked, even to criminality,for any man to pursue this course in a loyalState. And masmuch as imprisonment is consideredmartyrdom by such fanatics and their followers, itis worth consideration whether a law cannot bepassed condemning these men, who are preachingenmity to the Government in Worcester and inBoston, to be passed through our hues before Richmond,and into the lines of the rebels, where theybelong, as enemies to the Union. Governor Johnsonfound some such law for disposing of disunionmen in Nashville, and the Government did somethingof the sort at Washington. We don't knowwhat or where the law is but if it can be found, itwould fit the case of Mr. Pillsbury and some othersto a nicety. Journal of Commerce. Journal of Commerce. 

 John Morgan, the guerilla leader, who is nowmaking a foray in Kentucky, has issued the followingproclamation:— "GLASGOW, July 10, 1862. LASGOW "Kentuckian: I am once more among you. Confidingin your patriotism and strong attachment to ourSouthern cause, I have at the head of my gallant bandraised once more our Confederate flag, so long trampledupon by the Northern tyrants, but never yet disgraced.Let every true patriot respond to my appeal. Rise and arm! Fight against the despoiler! Fightfor your families! your homes! for those you lovebest! for your conscience! and for the free exercise ofyour political rights, never again to be placed in jeopardyby the Hessian invader. Let the stirring scene ofthe late Richmond fight be constantly before you.Our brave army there and everywhere is victorious.McClellan and his foreign hordes are grovelling in thedust. Our independence is an achieved fact. We havebought it with privation and suffering, and sealed thecompact with the seal of blood. Be not timorous, butrise, one and all, for the good cause, to clear our dearKentucky's soil of its detested invaders. Kentuckians! fellow-countrymen! you know youcan rely upon me. JOHN MORGAN, OHN ORGAN Acting Brigadier General C.S.A." Acting Brigadier General C.S.A." 

 Abolitionism and secessionism are one and thesame in purpose, if not in profession. Both areworking for the same end—the overthrow of theConstitution and the Union professions of the devoteesof Abolitionism are only to subserve theirown base and selfish purposes of personal aggrandizement.Our armies are dealing with Secessionists,and it is for the press to deal with Abolitionists.The Abolitionists forget everything elsein their hatred of their brethren of the South whohappen to own slaves and, by their fanaticism andbigotry, show themselves worthy descendants of thePuritans of earlier days, who burnt witches, whippedQuakers, sacked convents, murdered the pious missionariesto the Norridge walk Indians upon thealtar steps, and seemed to revel in acts of proscriptionand persecution "Blood will tell," especiallythe Puritan blood, and the blood never yet had thepower unless it abused it. From the days on whichthe fierce followers of Oliver Cromwell massacredthe garrison of Drogheda, and shed the blood of twothousand women and children who clung aroundthe cross—the symbol of Christianity—down to thepresent day, the spirit of intolerances and persecutionhas descended like an heirloom to and throughthe Puritan stock Vermont Argus. Vermont Argus. 

 The Chicago Tribune declares that secessionists areabundant in that city. It says:— Tribune "There are secessionists in our schools, in ourchurches, in almost every civic organization of Chicago.There is scarcely a hotel in the city which doesnot contain them. You will find them in every drinkingsaloon, and in some of these latter holes it is fairlyunsafe to proclaim yourself an unconditional Unionman. You can find them upon street corners. It wasnot an insignificant boast, nor an unconditional, madeyesterday at the corner of Clark and Randolphstreets, that 'By—, Jeff. Davis will be up herepretty soon, arid he will fix things all right.' "It is not unknown to everybody that a law office inthis city is in the confidence of the Confederate government,and that it received funds to pay out to Confederatesurgeons at camp Douglas. It may be a matterof news to many, but not to all, that regular meetingsof secessionists are held in this city, at whichmost treasonable sentiments are uttered, and at theirfestive orgies health to Jefferson Davis and his creware drunk, sometimes with so much enthusiasm as tobe audible to parties in the street." 

 Had the conduct of the war been left to the Presidentand the generals, it would have been endedlong since. But the objects of the radicals werespoils and the abolition of slavery, and their ideawas to protract the war and increase the expenditureof blood and treasure, in order the better to accomplishtheir objects, while the grand object of the war—the Union as it was and the Constitution as it is—was to be battled and defeated in order that the radicalsmight retain-their political ascendancy in theNorthern half of the dissevered republic. This thereforeis to be the issue at the next elections; and theWastes and Wilsons, Lovejoys and Summers, must berebuked by the public as unfaithful to their trust, andbetter men most be sent to the councils of the nation—N.Y. Herald. N.Y. Herald. 

 HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 25.} EADQUARTERS RMY OF IRGINIA  Order No. 13. Order No. Hereafter, no guards will be placed over privatehouses or private property of any description whatever.Commanding officers are responsible for theconduct of the troops under their command, and thearticles of war and the regulations of the army provideample means for restraining them to the full extentrequired for discipline and efficiency. Soldierswere called into the field to do battle against the enemy,and it is not expected that their force and energyshall be wasted in protecting the private property ofthose most hostile to the Government. No soldierserving in this army shall be hereafter employed insuch service. By command of Major General Pope, GEORGE D. RUSSELL, Chief of Staff. EORGE USSELL 

 Nothing has taken place, during the past week, tomend the sad condition or affairs in the Peninsula.Nay, matters are fast getting worse, and the proudarmy which was to abate too pride of Richmond, isin imminent danger of being intercepted of supplies,and its power of retreat cut off. The young Napoleon, who, with a quarter of amillion of men, permitted the National Capital to bemenaced and the Potomac to be blockaded formonths by an insurgent force of sixty thousand, isnow burrowing on the banks of the James river, aftera most disastrous retreat, and engaged in his,usual occupation of throwing up obstacles betweenhis forces and the enemy. He has been outrageouslyinterfered with by the Confederates while endeavoringto develop his favorite theory of avoiding battle,and he may safely charge against them (the rascals)the present dangers of his situation. For a while,however, it is not likely he will be interfered within the narrow lines of his new camp; the enemy.has retired from the open burning glebe and deadlymarshes, to a more convenient neighborhood withhis own base of operations, and our Young Napoleonwill, therefore, be left to the undisturbed enjoymentof the spade, while they adapt their effective Potomaccannon practice to the lower bank of the Jamesriver. By-and-bye be will discover that the smooth:six-pounders, which are now spoken of rather contemptuouslyin the despatches, will be replaced byheavy Parrot guns, and all of our transports will besubjected to a tremendous cannonade. It is true,the gunboats can shell these fellows out, when theycan find them, and can give partial safety by theirconvoy to our supplies; but the batteries thus drivenoff in the daytime may be run back at night, andthere cannot be much security or steady dependenceon a means of communication which is thus constantlyperplexed. when theycan find them Nevertheless, we are told that "the army is safe!"—humiliating term!—and McClellan, who is certainlythe most extraordinary general ever known tohistory in the way of dispatches, humors and petsour desire for good news by calling the enemy's lastmovement a retreat. We ought to be thankful forthe high military dictum which mercifully directsour unpractised judgments to view it in that light;and for ourselves, we should obtain much consolationfrom it, were it not for the other facts which protrudefrom all other portions of the record. Likeall hopeful men, we have endeavored to derivewhat relief we can from the declaration that thearmy is safe, and also to believe that McClellanachieved a great operation by planting his forces inthe swamp, and then running them out at the cost ofonly twenty thousand men! The loss of twentythousand men is a mere bagatelle to this great country,in fact really a bargain.—though rather a bloodyone,—in exchange for such a fine position as ourYoung Napoleon has found amid the flies and mudof Turkey Bend! But we reflect, unhappily, thatthe movement sets us back about six months, andthat, though we burned our tents and stores, andwith masterly decision did not even burthen our retreatingcolumns with the useless dead and sick, thischeck and its consequences may be counted at acost of at least four or five hundred millions of dollarsto the treasury. safe safe Even this vast sum, however, is not too much, if,as McClellan's friends assure us, it has served to demonstratea military genius which will make Europehenceforth awfully respectful to our country. Butwe fear this may be questioned, while the fact thatwith 230,000 men he refused for eight months togive battle to sixty thousand, within five miles ofhim, in order to postpone, till his enemy was strong,and he could seek him in his lair with the odds allthe other way, will be very apt to impair his chanceswith foreign observers for such transcendant reputation.Moreover, if it shall prove, that pending hisrecent intention to retreat, he neglected to instructthe War Department to occupy the attention ofStonewall Jackson, while he executed an importantmovement, he is chargeable with as serious an oversightas Patterson, who gave Johnson a vacation tounite with Beauregard, for our confusion at BullRun. The Government, though it has drainedWashington to give McClellan every soldier it couldspare (the clamors of secessionists and men of doubtfulloyalty to the contrary, notwithstanding), stillhad enough of men upon its northern line to effectthat object, if duly notified, and thus spare us fromone-half of our disasters. Nothing, however, could have entirely saved usfrom misfortune the moment McClellan decided togo out to sea after Richmond, to attack it by theround-about road of the Peninsula. And it is as absurdto suppose he did not choose and approve thismovement, as it is to charge the government, whichwas entrusting its safety to his hands, with a dispositionto defeat itself, by reducing his chances of success.Such a supposition is not even a good pieceof nonsense, and it could only spring in minds hopelesslyperverted from all powers of reasoning, or devoidof intelligent and honest purpose. No Government,in time of war, would dare take the responsibilityof thwarting the operations of the Commanderof its armies. The world has never yet seen a specimenof such bold insanity: though it has seen instanceswhere Governments, which have been deludedby the incapacity of military leaders, showedthe courage to depose them. Whether oar Governmentwill again be called upon to perform this unpleasantduty for the people we do not know, butthough we are opposed to it in politics, and areproud to be associated with the Democratic party,we do not hesitate to believe it has the courage todo its duty, and will perform it at the first due pressureof conviction. Were Mr. Lincoln of our mind at present, hewould order the ill-fated expedition of McClellanout of the Peninsula at once; and if it cannot be extricatedin that way, and we now fear, indeed, itcannot, then let it go on throwing up mud for itsprotection, while Pope is hurried down along thetrue road to Richmond, via Fredericksburg, withtwo or three hundred thousand men, to perform theservice that may save Napoleon from a siege, andperhaps from a capitulation. We have no doubt that thousands of well-meaningmen, who, like ourselves, have been persistent believersin McClellan, will wonder at these views,and ask, with bewildered minds, How could everybodybe so much mistaken in him? Ah! goodfriends, there is nothing about which there is so muchhumbug as about human greatness; and errors ofthis sort take the deeper root, because the very bestqualities of our natures combine to assist us in deludingourselves. McClellan burst upon us in a periodof great disaster. The heart of tan nation,disgusted at the blunders of Bull Run, was yearningfor a hero, and the Napoleonic style of the bulletinfrom Rich Mountain hit the imagination favorably.It is true, that the concluding line, after its showyrecital of exploits, to the effect, to the effect that he hoped this wouldprove satisfactory "to the Commendation Chief"seemed hardly consistent with high qualities; but noone felt disposed to criticise him closely, and be was acceptedwith a sort of superstitious hope. Scott wassuperannuated, McDowell had been beaten, Pattersonwas disgraced, and our other rising military men,having no prejudices against the coming chieftain,could afford to allude to him as the best militaryscholar of the Academy. With an enthusiastic people progress of all sorts israpid, and our young Commander-in-chief soon tookthe dimensions of a Caesar and a Napoleon rolledinto one. Among the rust, honestly actuated by adesire to add to a reputation on which the countrywould be required to lean, we yielded to the fashion,and wrote such prognostications in his favor, thatwe are almost ashamed to turn back and think themover. At length, the Young Napoleon began toshow himself. We heard him accept his station byreflecting upon the misfortune of a brother officer—ostentatiously declaring "we had met with our lastdefeat," and would have no "more Bull Run affairs."Then came the blunder of Ball's Bluff, resultinglargely from the deficient information sent to Stone.Then came the "short, sharp and bitter" prophecy—the "stick by me and I'll stick by you" orations,the acceptance of swords, and the sensation orders,calling in all furloughs, and perturbing the country byconstant expectations of "movements of importance." But there were no movements of importance, andno battles, and the Fall and Winter wore away, withgood roads from September until February, withoutany sign of action. Finally, the enemy, of his ownaccord, and out of very weakness, yielded first Munson'sHill, and then Manassas, leaving disdainfullybehind him his "Quaker guns," to provoke againstus the laughter of the world. Still, our mysteriousyoung chieftain appeared not in the least affected,but kept on with his reviews, leading our great docilecountry up and down by the bridle, as if heowned it, and was offering it for sale. Mean while,all the other generals of the republic prospered, and,except in the spell-bound Department of the Potomac,the whole country was enveloped in a blaze ofvictory. At length it became absolutely necessary forYoung Napoleon to move; so he turned his head tothe Peninsula, where we soon find him before Yorktownmanipulating mud, and sticking to it for severalweeks with the greatest devotion. Presently therebels walked away, taking plenty of time to do so,and losing not even a wagon in the operation; whereuponour Young Napoleon, finding them gone, whipsoff his hat, gives three cheers for himself, and actuallycalls his entrance into the worthless place abrilliant victory (?) Nay, he was than going to "drivethe enemy to the wall;" but instead of that, wefind him, after suffering heavily at Williamsburg andFair Oaks, flying from the swamps of the Chick-hominy,shattered and humiliated, to coop himself,up behind earthworks, in narrow stifling lines, onthe blistering banks of the James river. Thosewhose interest it is still to exalt him, demand hosannasin his praise for his "masterly retreat;" but willthey please to tell us why, without any pressureupon his rear or either wing, or hurry of any sortto disturb his choice of ground, he deliberatelyplaced himself in a position from which, the rebeljournals say, he could not have escaped with a man,had their generals been fully equal to their duty. victory (?) their With all these signs and results before us, we areof the opinion that our Young Napoleon is a failure,and that, if he be not extricated by Pope, in a directmarch on Richmond, the whole of his present force,which, instead of "pinning the enemy to the wall,"cannot get even so much as a loaf of bread withoutrunning the Confederate batteries, will be in imminentdanger of capitulation No sophistry nor blind,unreasoning applause can defend the incapacitywhich betrays itself in this; and we think that mindis to be pitied, which has not the courage to reasonupon and to condemn it. Every patriot has anequal interest in the welfare of the country, andwhile each day explodes its share of error, no manshould hesitate to exercise his rights of thought,Generals are not infallible. There is no witchcraftin the art of war, and the humblest observer candecide, that the general who promised us "no moreretreats, no more defeats," and that be would drivehis opponents "to the wall," cuts a poor figureprone upon his back in the mud of the James river,and poorer figure still in the fact that the people ofevery Northern State are forced, by the result ofhis first campaign, to hang their heads with shame.Down to the date of his expedition to toe Peninsula,the national arms were triumphant in every quarter,and fainting rebellion seemed to be giving upthe ghost; but the result of his generalship is, thatthe grand army of the Potomac is paralyzed anduseless, gold stands at seventeen per cent., a scrofulaof shinplasters has broken out upon the previouslyhealthy surface of the currency, and pale-faced traitorsare mocking us with bets that the Confederateswill capture Washington, before McClellan reachesRichmond. The rebels have thus won, by their successes overhim in the battles of the Chickahominy, that co-operationin the North, which was the first hope of therebellion, and postponed the conclusion of the war,even in the predictions of the most sanguine, for atleast six months. Are these things not so? And doour present misfortunes, dangers and humiliations notspring from our Young Napoleon's blundering effortto drive the enemy to the wall? Do we not alsoowe to these blunders the new raid of Morgan,which, at this moment, threatens Frankfort, and thecombinations against Nashville and Corinth, whichhave been suddenly started up to prevent our beingspared any reinforcements from the West? It is not pleasant for us to be the pioneer in thisreview, but individual reputations are of small importancewhen weighed against the interests of thecountry; and we see no reason why there should beany more sanctity in McClellan's blunders, than inthe mistakes of McDowell, Halleck or Fremont.The Republic must be saved, but the worst way tohelp toward it is by closing the eyes, and blindlyhurrahing for the errors of a popular leader. There are but two theories we can conceive offor McClellan's surprising coarse, since the hour ofhis chief command. One is, that while in the Crimea,his mind became so thoroughly saturated andimbued with earth by a daily study of the operationsof Sebastopol, that his academic brilliancywas smothered, and be came back to us with mudupon the brain; or that, unbalanced by Southerncompliments and Northern flatteries, he conceivedthe weak idea of performing the part of a diplomatistrather than a warrior, and ending the rebellion, onhis part, by bloodless strategy instead of battle. Beingof the Breckinridge democracy, he might hersfancied be would be listened to with favor, at a properopportunity, when he had outmanaged Davis inthe field, and that by thus manoeuvering Confederatesinto a bloodless Laying down of arms, bewould be bailed M the Great Pacificator, the modernWashington, and descend through the distantvista of posterity, profusely wreathed with laurel bythe craters, and labeled by patriotic painters, as"PATER PATRLE". ATER ATRLE The error of this plan was that the rebels took nostock in it, and perceiving his aversion to battle,without understanding its cause, they pressed uponhim a whole week of carnage in the marshes of theChickahominy, and laid out much more such redwork for him and other Federal generals in the sameunrespecting neighborhood. Here let us leave the mournful subject. Whatwe have written has been wrung from us by an urgentsense of duty, and if it prove we have unwiselyquestioned McClellan's mode of driving the defendersof Richmond "to the wall," we will seeksolace in the hope, that his late lessons mar changehis tactics, and make fighting general of him hereafter. fighting It is certain that Napoleons do not depend muchon mud.—Wilkes's Spirit of the Times. Wilkes's Spirit of the Times. 

 GENERAL PHELPS. There appears to be a prospectof our losing General Phelps from this Department.The General was ordered down here at the expressrequest of General Butler, and I learn from good authoritythat through the same influence be will probablybe ordered back. ENERAL HELPS. The General is the finest soldier in this Division,understands his duty and does it, and requires allunder him to do theirs, and he is beloved by all, officersand men. Unfortunately, the views he acquiredat home in Vermont of the "peculiar" are not suchat are adapted to this climate, for down here we allbelieve in the inalienable right of every white man todo as he pleases, and of every nigger to do as he istold. It is evident, therefore, that he has no businesshere; for a man like him, who has been known to furnishshelter and protection to a hunted and shiveringfugitive even, cannot be expected to exercise thatsoothing influence over our misguided Southernfriends as can one who comes here determined toplease at all hazards. Indeed, the effect is pernicious, for it goes far toneutralize the efforts of those differently and moreagreeably disposed, and to mar the beautiful harmonyof those relations which have been attained only atsuch an expense of comfort and backbone. Let hisfate be a warning' to all other brigadiers. Remember,if yon would win credit at home and glory abroad,the good old scriptural maxim, "Love your enemies,"and do as they would have you!—New Orleans correspondentBottom Traveller. New Orleans correspondentBottom Traveller. 

 In the Liberator of last week, we published a synopsisof the startling and most timely speech of SenatorChandler, of Michigan, delivered in the U.S. Senate,July 16, on the management of the army on the Potomacunder the command of Gen. McClellan—a speechwhich should have the widest circulation, and be readby THE PEOPLE on whom devolve the sufferings andburdens of this terrible slaveholding rebellion. Hereis the closing part of it:— Liberator On the 1st day of January, 1862, and for monthsprevious to that date, the armies of the Republicwere occupying a purely defensive position upon thewhole line tram Missouri to the Atlantic, until on orabout the 27th of January the President and Secretaryof War issued the order forward. Then thebrave Foote took the initiative, soliciting 2,000 menfrom Halleck to hold Fort Henry after he had capturedit with his gunboats. They were promptlyfurnished, and Henry fell; then Donelson, with its15,000 prisoners; then Newbern, and the countrywas electrified. Credit was given where credit wasdue. Do-nothing strategy gave way to an "immediateadvance upon the enemy's works," and thedays of spades and pickaxes seemed to be ended.On the 22d of February a forward movement uponour whole line was ordered, but did not take place.The army of the Potomac was not ready; but onthe 10th of March it moved, against the protest ofthe Commanding-General and eight out of twelve ofthe commanders of divisions, but the President wasinexorable, and the movement must be made. Itproceeded to Centreville, and there found desertedbuts, wooden artillery, and intrenchments whichcould and can be successfully charged 'by cavalry.It proceeded to Manassas, and found no fortificationsworthy of the name, a deserted, abandoned camp,and dead horses for trophies. The enemy, less than40,000 men, had leisurely escaped, carrying away allhis artillery, baggage, arms, and stores. Our armyof the Potomac, on that 10th of March, showed byits muster-roll a force of 230,000 men. Comment isneedless. The grand army of the Potomac proceededtoward Gordonsville, found no enemy, repairedthe railroad, and then marched back again. forward. Why this grand army of the Potomac did notmarch upon Richmond has never been satisfactorilyexplained, and probably never will be. One reasonassigned was lack of transportation; but there weretwo railroads, one by way of Acquia Creek andFredericksburg, the other via Manassas and Gordonsville,which could have been repaired at the rateof ten miles per day, and our army was ample toguard it. Had this overwhelming force proceededdirectly to Richmond by these lines, it would havespent the 1st of May in Richmond, and era this therebellion would have been ended. This grand army,ably commanded, was superior to any army the worldhas seen for five hundred rears. Napoleon I. neverfought one hundred and thirty thousand men uponone battle-field. Yet this noble army was dividedand virtually sacrificed by some one. Who is theculprit? ably Before the advance upon Manassas, Gen. McClellanchanged his plans, and demanded to be permittedto leave the enemy intrenched at Centrevilleand Manassas, to leave the Potomac blockaded, andto take his army to Annapolis by land, and thereembark them for the rear of the enemy to surprisehim. In the council of war called upon this proposition,the Commanding-General and eight out oftwelve of the commanders of divisions (and herepermit me to say that I am informed that seven ofthe eight Generals were appointed upon the recommendationof Gen. McClellan) voted that it was notsafe to advance upon the wooden guns of Centreville,and to adopt the new plan of campaign. ThePresident and the Secretary of War overruled thispusillanimous decision, and compelled McClellan to"move immediately upon the enemy's works." Hemarched, and the trophies of that memorable campaignare known to the Senate and the country. At Fairfax, Gen. McClellan changed his plan, anddecided not to advance upon the Rebels with hiswhole force, but to return to Alexandria, divide hisarmy, and embark for Fortress Monroe and Yorktown.It was decided that 45,000 men should beleft for the defence of the Capital, and he was permittedto embark. After much delay (unavoidablein the movement of so vast a force, with its enormousmaterial) the General-in-Chief himself embarked.Soon after he sailed, it came to the knowledge of theCommittee on the Conduct of the War that theCapital, with its vast accumulation of material ofwar, had been left by Gen. McClellan virtually withoutdefence, and the enemy's whole force, large orsmall, was untouched in front. The country has been deceived. It has been ledto believe that the Secretary of War or somebodyelse has interfered with Gen. McClellan's plans,when he had an army that could have crushed anyother army on the face of the earth. One hundredand fifty-eight thousand of the best troops that everstood on God's footstool were sent down to the peninsula,and placed wider command of Gen. McClellan;and yet the whom treasonable press of thecountry has been howling after the Secretary ofWar, because of his alleged refusal to send reënforcementsto Gen. McClellan. As I said the other day,he has sent every man, every sabre, every bayonet,every horse, chat could be spared from any sourcewhatever to increase that grand army under Gen.McClellan in front of Richmond. Why did he notenter Richmond? We shall see. Gen. McDowell'sforce was not sent down, because it was deemednecessary to protect the Capital and the vast accumulationof military stores. Although the Presidentand Secretary of War would have been justified inholding the whole of that farce. Gen. Franklin's divisionwas taken from it and shipped to the peninsula,at Gen. McClellan's most urgent solicitation,and it was his urgent cry for reënforcements thatbrought Shields down to unite with McDowell, andthus united, these two columns were to march uponRichmond, and still further reenforce and aid Gen.McClellan. It is not for me, sir, to state the strength of McClellan'sarmy at this time; but I know it is 158,000men, less the number lest by sickness and casualties. Does any man doubt that this army, ably handled,was sufficiently strong to have captured Richmondand crushed the Rebel army? I think not, ifpromptly led against the enemy; but instead of that,it sat down in malarious swamps, and awaited thedrafting, arming, drilling, and making soldiers of anarmy to fight it, and in the mean time our own armywas rapidly wasting away. Unwholesome water, inadequatefood, over-work, and sleeping in marshes,were rapidly filling the hospitals, and overloadingthe return boats with the sick. Sir, we have lostmore men by the spade than by the bullet—five toone since the army started from Yorktown underMcClellan. Had the soldiers been relieved from diggingand menial labor by the substitution of negrolaborers, the army of the Potomac would to-day, inmy estimation, contain 30,000 more brave and efficientsoldiers than it does. Had it been relievedfrom guarding the property of Rebels in arms, manyvaluable lives would have been saved. Yorktownwas evacuated after a sacrifice of more men by sicknessthan the enemy had in their works when ourarmy landed at Fortress Monroe. The battle ofWilliamsburg was fought by a small fraction of ourarmy, and the enemy routed. During the battle,(Gen. McClellan wrote the following dispatch, milesfrom the field of battle:— think [Received at War Department, at 12-22 P.M., May 6th.] Received at War Department BIVOUAC IN FRONT OF WILLIAMSBURG,May 5, 10 P.M.} IVOUAC IN RONT OF ILLIAMSBURG Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War: After arranging for the movements up the Yorkriver, I was urgently sent for here. I find Joe Johnsonin front of me in strong force, probably greater agood deal than my own. Hancock has taken two redoubtsand repulsed Early's Brigade by a real chargewith the bayonet, taking one Colonel and a hundredand fifty prisoners, killing at least two Colonels andmany privates. His conduct was brilliant in the extreme.I do not know our exact loss, but fear Hookerhas lost considerably on our left. I learn from prisonersthat they intend disputing every step to Richmond.I shall run the risk of at least holding them in checkhere, while I resume the original plan. My entire force is undoubtedly considerably inferiorto that of the Rebels, who will fight well; but I willdo all I can with the force at my disposal. G.B. MC CLELLAN, Major General Commanding. C LELLAN Major General Commanding. He would try to "hold them in check"! Hecould not bold them. He could not stop his eagertroops from chasing them. After a small fraction ofhis array had whipped their entire force, and hadbeen chasing them for hours, he penned that dispatchand sent it to the Secretary of War, and, if I rememberaright, it was read in one of the two Housesof Congress. As you may suppose from that dispatch,there was no great eagerness in following upthat victory. Three Michigan regiments were notonly decimated, they were divided in twain in thatbloody battle at Williamsburg. They fought thereall day without reenforcements. One Michiganregiment went into the trenches, and left 63 deadRebels, killed by the bayonet, weltering in theirblood. But who has ever heard, by any official communicationfrom the head of the army, that a Michiganregiment was in the fight at Williamsbug? Ido not blame him for not giving credit where creditis due, for I do not believe he know anything moreof that fight than you or I. When that battle was fought and won, all theenemy's works were cleared away, and we had anopen road to Richmond. There was not a singlefortification between Richmond and Williamsburg.All we had to do was to get through those infernalswamps, march up, and take possession of Richmond.What did we do? We found the worstswamp there was between Richmond and Williamsburg,and sat right down in the center of it, andwent to digging. We sacrificed thousands and tansof thousands of the bravest troops that ever stoodon the face of God's earth, digging in front of no intrenchments,and before a whipped army of theenemy. We waited for them to recruit; we waitedfor them to get another army. They had a levy enmasse. They were taking all the men and boys betweenthe ages of fifteen and fifty-five, and magnanimouslywe waited weeks and weeks for them tobring these forced levies into some sort of consistencyas an army. The battle of Fair Oaks was foughtThere the enemy found again a little fraction of ourarmy—very much less than half—and they broughtout their entire force. I have it from the best authoritythat they had not a solitary regiment in orabout Richmond that was fit to put in front of anenemy, that they did not bring to Fair Oaks and hurlupon our decimated army. Again the indomitablebravery of our troops (of the men, of the privatesoldiers, the indomitable energy of Michigan menand New Jersey men—but I will not particularize,for all the troops fought like lions), and the fightingcapacity of our army, not only saved it from beingutterly destroyed by an overwhelming force, butgave us a triumphant victory. The enemy wentback to Richmond pell-mell. I have been informedby a man who was there at the time, that two brigadesof fresh troops could hare chased the wholeConfederate army through the City of Richmondand into the James River, so utter was their routand confusion. enmasse. And what did we do then? We found anotherbig swamp, and we sat down in the centre of it, andwent to digging. We began to throw op intrenchmentsin our front, no enemy that was not utterlybroken. We never took advantage of the battle ofFair Oaks. Again Michigan soldiers were cut topieces by hundreds, Go into the Judiciary SquareHospital in this city, and you will find more thanhalf the occupants are Michigan men who were shotat Fair Oaks and Williamsburg, men who stood untila regiment of a thousand men were reduced toone hundred and five, and even then did not run.Sir, these men have been sacrificed, uselessly sacrificed.They have been pot to hard digging, andhard fare, and hard sleeping, and if there was anyhard fighting to do, they have been put to that; andbesides all this, at night they have had to guard theproperty of Rebels in arms. They have been sosacrificed that two or three of the Michigan regimentsto-day cannot bring into the field two hundredand fifty men each, out of a thousand with whichthey started. Fair Oaks was lost; that is to say, we won a brilliantvictory, but it did us no good; we did not takeadvantage of it. Of course, it would have beenvery unfair to take advantages of a routed army(laughter); it would but have been according to our"strategy." We magnanimously stopped, and commenceddigging. There was no army in our front;there were no intrenchments in our front; but wedid not know what else to do, and so we began todig and ditch, and we kept digging and dittoing untilthe Rebels had impressed and drilled and armedand made soldiers of their entire population. Butthat was not enough; they sent Jackson up on hisraid to Winchester, and we waited for him to comeback with his 20,000 or 30,000 man. We heard thatCorinth was being evacuated, and of course it wouldhave been very unfair to commence an attack untilthey brought their troops from Corinth, to and so wewaited for the army at Corinth to get to Richmond. After the Rebels had get all the troops they everhoped to raise from any source, we did not attackthem, but they attacked us, as we had reason to supposethey would. They attacked our right wing,and as I am informed upon what I must deem reliableauthority, they hurled the majority of their entireforce upon our right wing of 30,000 men, andduring the whole of that Thursday, our right wingof 30,000 men held their ground, and repulsed thatvast horde of the enemy over and over again, andheld their ground at night Of course, you say areënforcement of 20.000 or 30,000 men was sent tothese brave troops that they might not only holdtheir ground the next day, but send this dastardlyarmy into Richmond a second time, as at Fair Oaks.No, sir, nothing of the sort was done. At night, instead of sending them reënforcements,they were ordered to retreat That was "strategy."The moment they commenced their retreat, at is saidin the dispatches, the enemy fought like demons.Of course they would. Who ever heard of a retreatingarmy that was not pursued by the victorslike demons, except in the case of Rebel retreats?No other nation but ours was every guilty of stoppingimmediately after a victory. Other armiesfight like demons after a victory, and annihilate theenemy, but we do not. Our left wing and centerremained intact A feint was made upon the leftand center, and I have here, not the sworn testimony,but the statement of one of the bravest menin the whole army of the Potomac—I will not givehis name—but a more highly honorable man livesnot—that when his regiment was ordered underarms, he had no doubt that he was going to marchinto Richmond. He believed the whole force of theenemy had attacked our right wing; he believedthere was nothing but a screen of pickets in front;and he thought that now our great triumph was tocome off. His men sprang into line with avidity,prepared to rush into Richmond, and take it at thepoint of the bayonet He never discovered his erroruntil he saw a million and a half dollars' worth ofproperty burned in front of his regiment, and thenhe began to think that an advance upon Richmondwas not intended. And it was not. We had beenat work there, and had lost ten thousand men in diggingintrenchments; we had spent months in bringingup siege guns, and we abandoned those intrenchmentswithout firing one gun. Our army was orderedto advance on the gunboats instead of on Richmond.This colonel told me that his regiment foughtthree days, and whipped the enemy each day, andretreated each night The left wing and centerwere untouched until they were ordered to retreat.No portion of our vast force had been fought exceptthe right wing under Porter, and they whipped theenemy the first day. This is called strategy! Again, sir, I ask whywas this great army of the Potomac of two hundredand thirty thousand men divided? Human ingenuitycould not have devised any other way to defeat thatarmy; divine wisdom could scarcely have devisedany other way to defeat it than that which wasadopted. There is no army in Europe to-day thatcould meet the army of the Potomac when it wastwo hundred and thirty thousand strong, the bestfighting material ever put into an army on the faceof the earth. Why was that grand army divided?I simply charge that grave and serious errors havebeen committed, and, as I have said, no other waycould have been devised to defeat that army. If theone hundred and fifty-eight thousand men that weresent to Gen. McClellan had been marched upon theenemy, they could have whipped all the armies theConfederates have, and all they are likely to havefor six months. One hundred and fifty-eight thousandare about as many as can be fought on anyone battle-field. One hundred and fifty-eight thousandmen are a vast army, a great deal larger armythan that with which Napoleon destroyed six hundredthousand of the Austrians in a single year.One hundred and fifty-eight thousand men ablyhandled can defeat any force the Confederates canraise; and that is the force that went down to thePeninsula. But, sir, it lay in ditches, digging, drinkingrotten water, and eating bad food, and sleepingin the mud, until it became greatly reduced in numbers,and of those that were left, very many were"injured in health. Still they fought; still they conqueredin every fight; and still they retreated, becausethey were ordered to retreat. Sir, I have deemed it my duty to present thisStatement of facts to the Senate and the country. Iknow that I am to be denounced for so doing, andI tell you who will denounce me. There are twoclasses of men who are sure to denounce me, and noone else, and they are traitors and fools. The traitorshave been denouncing every man who did notsing paeans to "strategy, when it led to defeatevery time. The traitors North are worse than thetraitors South, and sometimes I think we have asmany of them in the aggregate. They are meanermen; they are men who will come behind you, andcut your throat in the dark. I have great respect.for Southern traitors who shoulder their muskets,and come out and take the chances of the bullet andthe halter; but I have the most superlative contemptfor the Northern traitors, who, under the pretendedguise of patriotism, are stabbing their countryin the dark. This instructive extract should find a place in everyloyal journal at the North. 

 RECRUITING IN KANSAS. The Washington correspondentof the New York World says a most importantcommission baa been entrusted to Senator Lane: ECRUITING IN ANSAS. "Senator Lane, of Kansas, has received a most importantcommission, viz.: to go to Kansas and recruittroops under laws just passed. He will leave on Saturdayfor that purpose. His instructions from the Presidentand Secretary of War enable him to receive allmen into the service who are loyal, without referenceto color, and be will widely proclaim that feet in hisorder. He anticipates raising one or two regiments ofblacks, and one of white men in two weeks after reachinghome. Special authority has been given him todraw on the quartermasters and commissaries forarms, clothing and subsistence, and while he will notaccept a generalship from the President because of itsinterference with his senatorial seat, be may accept acommission from the Governor of Kansas, and promptlyenter the field at the head of his brigade. The ordersof the President and Secretary of War are explicitas to the facts I hare stated, and for the latterthere is no question of authority." 

 WIMCHESTER, Va., July 14, 1862. IMCHESTER It is an unaccountable fact that our Union officersare very much inclined to favor the Secesh. Manyof them board in rebel families, and some of thesenot of the most respectable. I state the followingon authority ready to be produced, if officially required.An officer of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvaniaregiment, lately in command, gave a pass totwo well-known rebel ladies, who loudly declaredthey would stay in Winchester ten years before theywould go under the description of "true and loyalcitizens of the United States." The officer promptlyerased these words, substantially constitutingthese women spies in the rebel service, with authorityto cross our lines. He got small thanks form them,for they laughed at him, and called him a feel assoon as they were cut of his presence. I don't knowthat it can be of any service for a Union man towrite you these facts. There is a special courtesy extended to the rebelwounded and their nurses. Fremont's men, whowere much exhausted by their severe mountainmarch and brave fighting on half rations, have comehere to recruit in considerable numbers. They occupyunfurnished rooms and a church, lying on thehere floor, while sound rebel men nurses are sleepingon the beds gratuitously furnished by benevolentpeople from the North. Why the rebel woundedand sick are not quartered on rebel citizens may bea mystery to you, but it is not to us, seeing that officerswearing the United States uniform are comfortablydomiciled, bedded and befooled by thesesame citizens.—Correspondence of the New YorkEvening Post. Correspondence of the New YorkEvening Post. 

 BLOODHOUNDS IN THE RENEL SERVICE. The"Chivalry " hare discovered a new method of warfare,which we commend to the "tree-them-tenderly"patriots, who are afraid that our armies will aggravatethe people of the South to the extent, possibly, ofmaking them mad. We refer to the use of bloodhounds for chasing down loyal solders. As instanceof the employment of these animals, for the purposenamed, is related in an extract of a letter in theBloomington, (Ill.) Puntagraph. We can imagine thesavage glee with whish the rebel cavalry—brave andchivalries sons of the South—looked on and saw ourboys (who were attached while in a railroad our, andgetting out, fled before superior numbers) turn by thefour logged brutes which went buying on their truck.—Chicago Troilus. LOODHOUNDS IN THE ENEL ERVICE. tree-them-tenderly Puntagraph. 

 1. The character of the war: It is a desperate rebellion. 2.Rebellion forfeits all constitutional obligationson the part of the Government. 3. Necessity hath no law—or, rather, is the supremelaw; and none but weak consciences andcraw—sick politicians will now think otherwise. 4. The rebellion must be dealt with at States aswell as individuals. 5. The most beneficial results possible should followour immense sacrifices. To have, after all, theold chimes about free-soil and rendition questionswould make the very heavens sick, and cover thecountry with worse than mourning, because deprivingreason of self-esteem and the sustaining dignityof a becoming pride. 6.DECLARE THAT SLAVERY IS FOREVER AT ANAND IN THE UNITED STATES. ECLARE THAT SLAVERY IS FOREVER AT ANAND IN THE UNITED STATES. 7. Compensation, moderate, for slaves belongingto undoubted Union men when the war is over, tobe settled by a stern commission. And the borderStates are here invoked to draw still further upontheir patriotism and true self-interest. As to offendingthem, for which we should be exceedingly sorry,for their sakes as well as our own, I have to say, letit come if it must; we are equal to our whole work,if we work on a right principle and right system. 8. The slaves to be fully cared for, and employedin labor—men, women and children—all of the mostappropriate kinds: one hundred thousand of themen, in the battle-field, commanded by volunteercitizens, under the most rigid military subordination:such command to be considered wholly respectable,and specially patriotic. 9. This abolishing of slavery forever in this countrywould straighten out and simplify the state ofthings among us; cut off rebellion from all futureeffort; give us an immense moral position, influenceand support throughout the whole civilized world;advance the cause of universal liberty by a leap ofa dozen centuries; and create forus an epoch of renownin history, without a parallel. 10. Immediately on the close of the war, pourinto Eastern Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,three millions of Northern and Western men—particularlylaboring men—agriculturists, (a greatchance for a new foreign emigration,) to be protectedby an ample military force; in order that thisnew clement of population may keep down and neutralizeindividual Southern hostility, and to bringforward the immense agricultural resources of everykind of those regions, particularly cotton, sugar, rice,that can, at any moment, in countless quantities, beconverted into gold—making a very hey-dey oftrade and comfort for all Europe. Such a course would prove that all labor at theSouth, by white men, is practicable and honorable,as well as profitable; and it would be a wealthto the country, in commerce, covering, a hundredfold, all the cost of the war. As to whitemen, Northern men, not being able to stand sunshine, and a black, teeming soil and miasma, it is anold bugbear, and as baseless as witchcraft. Whitemen can stand all these things, if they will crowd offtheir stagnant blood by labor, live carefully, keepby them a little blue mass and quinine, lay by alittle in the very heat of the day, avoid the nightdews, and generally take care of themselves—especiallyto fear nothing, except what is dishonest anddishonorable, and unkind towards others. The foregoing ideas are presented, not, by anymeans, in what has been called an abolition sense, orin a sense in any way radical, having nothing of thekind about me; but as a NECESSITY, and a clearutility—even rescuing the whole South itself fromruin, and giving to them security and unthought-ofprosperity. These ideas, too, are due also to ourglorious UNION, which must be PERPETUAL. Itis also a NECESSARY course as it regards the Statesmentioned; for no man can believe that any lessthorough track will ever put an entire end to the rebellion,and render those regions safe for anythingin the shape of honest and harmless life. We owe the grand result I have suggested to thegigantic efforts of our country and Government,and to the sufferings and griefs of our friends, andto the GRAVES of our dear and lamented soldiery: "Oh! this is venerable earth,Valor's consecrated bed;Hail! the memory of the brave!Hail! the spirits of the dead!    Time their triumphs shall proclaim,And their rich reward be this;Immortality of fame—Immortality of blise!"   Immortality  BELARIUS. Washington City, July 15, 1862. 

 NASHVILLE, July 17. Lebanese, Tenn. it in processionof the robin. A forum of rebels 800 strong are atHartville. Dr. Rice, Benj. Daniels and John Barnes,responsible citizens, were hung but night an TennesseeRidge, 23 miles from Nashville, for entertainingmen employed in reconstructing the telegraph lines. ASHVILLE The Golden House. By Moncure D. Conway, authorof "The Rejected Stone." "Impera parendo."Boston Tickner &Fields. No American writer has discussed the personscannot of the great political questions upon whichhinge the present rebellion with so much eloquents,vigor and brilliancy to the author of this volumes.He is thoroughly radical in his ideas. Slavery tohim is solely responsible for the war, and our onlyway out of it consists in striking slavery dead. TheGolden Hour is the present one, and if we decline toAvail ourselves at it now, by freeing every bondman,we bring upon ourselves the wrath of God, and hazardthe ruin of the nation. So much for the idea of the book. Its execution issurprisingly It is eloquent so few bondsever are. There is wonderful vigor and beauty inits style. In felicity of illustration and suggestion.in power to send home the idea to be enforced, it isunrivalled. The author goes to the heart of his subjectwith on energy which is electric, and a vigorwhich amounts almost to an inspiration. We do notmean by this that he always commands assent to hispositions. Many loyal men will be slow to acquiescein these. They are radical and bold beyond whatthe public are now prepared to accept. But the germof truth is in these all, and we are day by day becomingeducated up to their acceptance. As statedby Mr. Conway, no one will deny that they are mucheasier dissented from than answered.—Renbury Journal. Renbury Journal. ☞A correspondent of the Cincinnati Commercial,writing from Washington, under date of July 17,says:—" Rev. M.D. Conway, of Cincinnati, is here,providing for the welfare of his father's salves, 29 innumber, who, by the fortunes of war, have escapedfrom Fredericksburg, and are among the contrabandsin change of the Government. He designs removingthem to a country town in Ohio, where they may havea chance to improve their condition and take care ofthemselves. Mr. Conway, senior, is a leading rebelof Fredericksburg. This to one of the multitude ofcurious incidents which the war constantly brings tolight." Commercial 

 We make the following extract from Judge HORTON'Sspeech at Troy, on the Fourth. He portrays,in vivid colors, the evils of slavery, and his viewsmust meet with the entire approbation of all loyalcitizens:— ORTON'S "It was slavery that placed James Buchanan inthe Presidential Chair. It was to the influence ofslavery that the traitors Floyd, Cobb and Thompsonheld seats in the Cabinet of the nation. It isslavery that marshals the rebel hosts, and breathesinto their embattled ranks its own barbarous fire.It is slavery that stamps its character alike upon officersand men. It is slavery that inspires all, fromthe General to the teamster. It is slavery whichgives the word of command, and which sounds inthe morning drum-beat. It is slavery which digsand builds hostile forts. It is slavery which pitchesits white tents and stations its sentinels against thenational capital. It is slavery which sharpens thebayonet and casts the bullet, which points the cannonand scatters the shell, blazing and burstingwith death. It is slavery which raises the pirate'sflag upon the ocean, and murders our prisonersof war. It is slavery which wantonly burns thecotton, destroys the sugar, and violates all the ordinaryusages of war. It is slavery which desolatedand devastated Missouri and other SouthernStates of this Union. It is slavery that has hungUnion men in East Tennessee, and assassinatedthem in New Orleans, and offered rewards forthe heads of Butler and Johnson. Wherever thisrebellion shows itself, whatever form it takes, whateverever thing it does, whatever it meditates, it ismoved by slavery; nay, it is slavery itself, incarnate,living, acting, raging, robbing, murdering, accordingto the essential law of its being. More:—as slavery is the cause, the origin of this war, withoutslavery it would have ceased long ago, withoutslavery it would cease to-day. The slaves toil athome while the masters work at the rebellion. Theenslaved race is actually engaged in feeding, supporting,succoring and assisting those who are fightingfor their enslavement and the perpetuation ofslavery. "Slavery has been our curse in the past. Slaveryis our curse to-day, and will be our curse inthe future, unless a patriotic President shall, withthe mark of his pen, sweep it from the continent. Ifslavery is the cause, why not extinguish it? WhileI believe this war may be and perhaps will be closedwithout the abolishment of the "sum of all villanies,"still I believe sure, certain and lasting peace canonly be had, when throughout our Republic not achain shall clank upon or bind the limbs of man.As the distinguished Senator of Kansas, Gen. James H. Lane,said in my bearing in New York lastmouth, so I say now, where our army marches,there freedom should abide; where our flag wavesin victory, there should the fetter fall from the slave;and where the Union is restored, consecrated by thevows of undaunted freemen, sacred with the gravesof immortal spirits, let it be re-united in the faiththat all men are created equal, and then, indeed,will our land appear to humanity bright, beautifuland effulgent, as was our planet when, in the morningof creation, it was swung by the hand of Omnipotenceinto ethereal space." 

 ☞Mr. Van Buren, eighth President of theUnited States, died on the 24th ult. Had he lived toDec. 5, he would have completed his 80th year. Hehad held the offices of New York State Senator, Attorney-General,U.S. Senator, Governor of New York,U.S. Secretary of State, Minister to England, VicePresident, and President He had much to do withbringing the civil war upon the country which nowafflicts it; for he was one of the most subservient ofmen to the slaveholders, and when they would nothelp him further, he turned Free-Soiler, and made asmuch mischief as he could in the other direction.To prevent any one from supposing that he was honestin joining the Free-Soilers, be returned to his pro-slaveryplace as soon as he had succeeded in bringingabout the defeat of General Cass, in 1848. His positionas a national statesman was made for him by thefolly of the opposition Senators in 1882, who procuredhis rejection when he was nominated Minister to EnglandHad he been allowed to fill that office, he wouldhave faded away, as have a dozen other men who havefilled it, and who were at able as he was; but persecutionmade him, first Vice President, and then Presidentof the United States.—Boston Traveller. Boston Traveller. ☞According to the rebel paper published at Wilmington,N.C., the rebels bad 152 regiments engagedin the late series of battles near Richmond. Estimatingeach regiment at 500,—some probably had morethan that number, and others less,—the total of theirforce was 76,000 men, or say 80,000. Supposing themto have had 40,000 men in reserve, they had an army120,000 in hand. If we suppose their numbers engagedto have been 90,000, still they were not superiorto the federal army, which ought to have been98,000 strong, after allowing 60,000 men lost by death,desertion, wounds, sickness, and furloughs—say20,000 for the last named cause of decline. The morewe hear of the details of the Richmond battles, theless satisfactory does the generalship of the federalcommander appear.—Ibid. Ibid. ☞The President says that he can't tell what hasbecome of many of the men who composed the armyof the Potomac. Only half of them are now in conditionto be accounted for, while in the armies of Buell,Burnside, Mitchell, and other Generals, everyman is accounted for. They appear to be gone, butwhither, "no one knows, nor can tell." Has the armyof the Potomac really become an army of ghosts,of shadows, of shades?—Ibid. Ibid. ☞The black regiment at Port Royal is veryhighly spoken of by those who have witnessed itsdrill. If we had a hundred such regiments, the enemywould be in a worse way than they are, or arelikely soon to be.—Ibid. Ibid. 

 Col. John W. Forney, Secretary of the UnitedStates Senate, in addressing the People's State Conventionat Harrisburg, recently, is thus reported:— "He announced that President Lincoln had toldhim, before leaving Washington, that henceforth hispolicy should be as stringent as the most enthusiasticcould desire. (Loud applause.) That hereafter therewill be no restriction in the employment of all men to putdown the rebellion. (Long and loud applause.) Nomore doubting about the confiscation of rebel property(Applause.) No longer need the Northern peoplebe frightened with the cry of negro equality and emancipation.(Applause.) henceforth hispolicy should be as stringent as the most enthusiasticcould desire. hereafter therewill be no restriction in the employment of all men to putdown the rebellion. "He thought it proper to put arms into their handsto save the lives of the whites.(Applause.)Hethought we might as well terminate he war to-dayif it was not to be fought with the aid of the coloredmen of the South. (Applause.) Gen. Washingtonin the Revolutionary war, need them, and at the battleof Red Bank, 1777, near Philadelphia, a RhadeIsland regiment of blacks turned the fortunes of the day." We trust this is all true, and we especially praythat whatever the President may think best to do,shall be not to be saved by ambiguities, by equivocations,but by striking out straight from the shoulder.No sheepish, shame—faced, double—tongued policy willpossibly answer. To say that we will was slave laborin our camps, yet give the slaves no valid reasonfor coming to and working for us, is to trifle withNational ruin. If we are to have them help us, wemust openly invite them to do so, and give them thebest possible reason for coming. Let every one whohas the National safety in charge hood the monitionof our great poet to "go not like the galley-slave at night,Scourged to his dungeon, but sustained and seethedBy an unfaltering trust." —New York Tribune. New York Tribune. 

 ASSASSINATION OF UNION MEN IN VIRGINIA. SSASSINATION OF NION EN IN IRGINIA. A correspondent mentions in a letter to a New Yorkpaper, seven cases of the murder of Union men in thevicinity of Front Royal, Virginia. John F. Haynes,aged 62, and a Mr. Bealer, Union residents of Pagecounty, were assassinated the present month by rebelguerillas, for no crime save their loyalty. Theirbodies were left unburied for a week. Absalom Clem,a Union farmer near the Luray Valley, was killed onhis own property by a company of rebel troops. Hisremains, pierced with six bullets, were found soon after.An individual named Ridenour was murderedfor going to Woodstock to buy salt, the rebels accusinghim of communicating with the Yankees, anddragging him to the place of execution from the bosomof his family. In one county seven such casesof the murder of non-combatants have been notedduring the month of July. 

 The Anniversary of British West India Emancipationwill be celebrated in the usual manner at ISLANDGROVE, ABINGTON, on FRIDAY, August 1st, inMASS MEETING, under the direction of the Managersof the Massachusetts Anti-slavery Society. SLAND ROVE RIDAY ASS EETING Among the speakers looked for and confidently expectedon the occasion are the following:— WM. LLOYD GARRISON, WENDELL PHILLIPS, H.C. WRIGHT,WM. WELLS BROWN, JOHN S. ROCK,ANDREW T. FOSS, Rev. DANIEL FOSTER, Rev. J. SELLA MARTIN, Rev. MONCURE D. CONWAY, andothers. M. LOYD ARRISON ENDELL HILLIPS RIGHT M. ELLS ROWN OHN OCK NDREW OSS ANIEL OSTER ELLA ARTIN ONCURE ONWAY ☞An Excursion Train on the Old Colony Railroadwill leave Boston at 9 o'clock, A.M. LeavePlymouth 9.20, A.M., stopping at usual way stations. RETURNING, leave the Grove at 5 1-4 P.M. ETURNING The Old Colony Railroad Company will convey passengers,on that day, to and from the Abington Grove,at the following rates, being the same as upon formeryears:— Old Colony Railroad Company Boston, Savin Hill, Dorchester, Neponset, Quincy,and Braintree—to the Grove and back,—for adults, 50cents; children, 25 cents. for adults cents; children cents. Plymouth, and all way stations not already mentioned,to the Grove and back, half the usual rates. half the usual rates. Excursion tickets good on other trains. Should the day prove stormy, the meeting will beheld in the Town Hall, adjacent to the Grove, so thatthere will be no interruption of the proceedings. WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Committee of Arrangement. Committee of Arrangement. SAMUEL MAY, JR., Committee of Arrangement. Committee of Arrangement. ELBRIDGE SPRAGUE, Committee of Arrangement. Committee of Arrangement. BRIGGS ARNOLD, Committee of Arrangement. Committee of Arrangement. SAMUEL DYER, } Committee of Arrangement. Committee of Arrangement. 

 THE CONFISCATION BILL IMPERFECT. It isstated here, on good authority, that an important mistakehas been committed by the persons who drew upthe Confiscation and Emancipation bill, inasmuch asit contains no section providing for the due enforcementof the provisions relating to emancipation. Ingeneral terms, the slaves of rebel masters are declaredfree, but it does not authorize any one to decideupon the question, except in cases where an attemptis made to recover the slave in the courts. Butthe black man in the neighborhood of slaveholdersand plantations needs something to show that he is entitledto his freedom.—Washington cor. N.Y. Post. HE ONFISCATION ILL MPERFECT. Washington cor. N.Y. Post. 

 There are still many base-minded, unprincipled,pro-slavery journals at the North, notwithstanding thehideous revelations of its true character which slaveryhas made for many years past, and especially withinthe last eighteen months. A few of these are conductedwith an ability which indicates no lack of intelligence,—only extreme depravity. Foremost amongthis small number is the New York Journal of Commerce.Its former editor, GERARD HALLOCK, for aquarter of a century, availed himself of all possibleopportunities (and where none existed, he createdthem) to ridicule the efforts and blacken the characterof Abolitionists, to shield the slave system from danger,to heap contempt and obloquy upon the unfortunatecolored race, to strengthen the hands of the brokersin human blood, to stimulate mobocratic violenceagainst free speech, and to corrupt and deceive thepeople. Hundreds of his articles are on record in thecolumns of the Liberator—all proving the malignityof his spirit and the baseness of his efforts. In theservice of the devil, the prince of slaveholders, neverwas greater zeal or more assiduity shown by any onethan by himself. The mischief he set on foot, theevil he consummated, the brutality he roused to action,the minds he led astray, the misrepresentationsand falsehoods he put in circulation, to put down theabolition movement, admit of no measurement Hadhe been the owner of every slave in the land, and educatedunder the most depraving Southern influencesfrom childhood, he could not have labored more untiringlyin behalf of "the sum of all villanies," and totransform the glorious "self-evident truths" of theDeclaration of Independence into "glittering generalities"and empty "rhetorical flourishes." And allthis, too, in an evangelical garb, and in reputable connectionwith an evangelical church—making loud outcries,all the while, about "Abolition infidelity," andaffecting superior sanctity, in the most approved pharisaicalmanner! At times, he attempted to plate hisiniquity with gold, by ostentatiously cribing forthe ransom of a slave man or slave woman endeavoringto procure the needed amount; taking good careto chronicle his "charitable" (!) donation in his owncolumns, and sometimes improving the occasion tomake a malicious fling at the Abolitionists, as muchmore ready to talk against slavery than to redeem anyone out of it by furnishing the means. Journal of Commerce. ERARD ALLOCK Liberator Of course, his journal was applauded throughoutthe man imbruting South, and liberally patronized inthat direction. Constantly stimulating the satanicpride and ambition of the slave oligarchy, defendingthem against every assault, and upholding everyscheme of theirs, however villanous, he left nothingundone to bring about the present awful state of thingsin the country. Such was his open complicity withthe Southern traitors, at the time of the capture ofFort Sumter, that he was compelled by an indignantand formidable public manifestation to retire from theeditorial charge of the Journal of Commerce, in orderto save the necessity of its suppression. We knew ofno one whose memory will deserve to be execratedmore intensely by the colored population of this country,bond and free, than his own. Journal of Commerce For a very short time, the tone of the paper wasslightly modified, though still perverse and malignant.Gradually, it ventured to speak out in a bolder strain,till now its articles are as venomous and as treasonablein spirit as ever—all designed to paralyze efficientmeasures for the suppression of the rebellion, to give"aid and comfort" to the rebels, to prolong the warindefinitely, in order to bring the Administration intopopular disfavor, and thereby ensure its ultimate overthrow,or else compel the Federal Government to recognizethe independence of the Rebel Confederacy.If any paper ever deserved to be summarily suppressedby martial law, It is the Journal of Commerce. Journal of Commerce. Hallock having been compelled to retire, of courseIt became necessary to employ "a new hand at thebellows." The present editor is said to be one PRIME,a brother of one of the editors of the New York Observer,and of the same stripe. His articles are allsurcharged with misrepresentation, calumny, abuse,bluster, and pro slavery scoundrelion, is reference tothe friends of impartial freedom, and fiercely deprecatoryof any proposition or effort to deprive the rebelsof the right arm of their murderous strength by confiscatingtheir slave property. Be knows that theentire slave population is actively wielded, in everypossible manner, to crown the rebellion with success,and, up so this hour, with tremendous and irresistibleeffect; that the slaves are kept diligently at work,digging trenches and rifle-pits, building fortifications,carrying supplies, raising food to keep the rebel forcesfrom starvation, doing every sort of laborious and menialwork, to ensure final victory to the ConfederateStates. This is precisely as be would have it. Whatdoes he care for the same of freedom, or the safetyof free institutions? Rather than see the Union Preservedthrough the abolition of slavery, he wouldgladly have it hasten in places "like a potter's vessel."What does he care for the health, safety, livesof Northern soldiers? The "masterly strategy"which buried them by thousands in the Chickahominyswamps,(1) and caused the army of the Potomac to bereduced, by capture, sickness and death, at least sixtythousand men in a few mounts, is what he speciallyadmires. He would prefer to see the entire manycrushed out of existence, rather than to haye slaveryin any way interfered with by it. RIME Observer (1) Yet this editorial dissembler pretends to superlativeloyalty! With consummate audacity, he raises thesectary that "the Abolitionists are discouraging enlistments,and throwing-every obstacle in the way offilling up the army." He complains that "they refuseto enlist themselves," and asserts that "there isnot a prominent Abolitionist in the army to-day."Model patriot! Foaming at the mouth if it is evensuggested that the army might be immediately andmost powerfully strengthened, by inviting to its standardand the hundreds of thousands of expectant loyalblacks at the South; and yet pretended shocked atthe lack of patriotism evinced by those who he habituallyholds up to public scorn as "disorganizers,""madman," and "fanatics"! As a matter of consistency,why should be expect any thing more of them! Now, to this impeachment of the Abolitionists, wereply—that the difference between them and their calumniatoris, that, while he is for having the governmentpursue a do-nothing policy, like that of McClellan,(who ought to hare been stripped of his commandlong ago for utter incompetency, or else unwillingnessto advance,) and wants the war so conducted as tomake it utterly impossible to subdue the rebels, theAbolitionists are for a decisive, energetic, uncompromisingcourse of policy to be adopted, whereby speedyvictory will surely be attained. Even this libellerwill not have the effrontery to accuse them of havingthe remotest sympathy with the South in this struggle.Whoever else may be disposed to deal gingerlywith her, or to so speak and act as to play into herhands, they are not. For thirty years there has beenan impassable gulph between her and them. Theyhave branded her secession as clearly treasonable andfor the most revolting purposes; and they have defendedthe government as wholly in the right asagainst her accusations and assaults. But, in commonwith hundreds of thousands of loyal men at theNorth, who have never had any connection with orsympathy for the Anti-Slavery movement, they perceiveno possible chance for the rebellion to be putdown, and the unity of the republic preserved, but bya proclamation of universal emancipation; hence theirdisgust, indignation and astonishment to see suchblindness and weakness on the part of the government,and such incompetency or treachery on thepart of the leading generals in the army, in dealingwith her. Their sharpest criticisms, their severestcensures, their strongest admonitions, are not for thepurpose of weakening but strengthening the arm ofgovernment, and leading it to see that the sober, intelligent,thinking men of the North are not to be expectedany longer to fill the decimated ranks of thearmy "with alacrity," until they see good reason tobelieve that their lives will not be jeoparded or sacrificedas abortively as the hecatombs which have alreadybeen slain on Southern soil. (1) Read what the Richmond Examiner says of thespot selected by "masterly strategy" for our army:"Ten days ago, when McClellan beleaguered Richmond,with the exception of about five miles of theChickahommy low ground, he occupied the most barren,and at the same time the worst watered and mostunhealthy region of Eastern Virginia. Agues, hoop-polesand whortleberries have been always the onlysure crops of the country. With a radius of ten milesabout the Seven Pines, taking that point as a centre,and but two living streams cross the Nine Mile orWilliamsburg road. Between Richmond and BottomBridge, on these two roads, with the Seven Pines astheir headquarters, the very pink and flower of theNorthern army was concentrated, and here for weekstheir vigor and numbers melted away under the influenceof the miasma, bad water and a Southern sun." (1) Read what the Richmond Examiner says of thespot selected by "masterly strategy" for our army: Examiner "Ten days ago, when McClellan beleaguered Richmond,with the exception of about five miles of theChickahommy low ground, he occupied the most barren,and at the same time the worst watered and mostunhealthy region of Eastern Virginia. Agues, hoop-polesand whortleberries have been always the onlysure crops of the country. With a radius of ten milesabout the Seven Pines, taking that point as a centre,and but two living streams cross the Nine Mile orWilliamsburg road. Between Richmond and BottomBridge, on these two roads, with the Seven Pines astheir headquarters, the very pink and flower of theNorthern army was concentrated, and here for weekstheir vigor and numbers melted away under the influenceof the miasma, bad water and a Southern sun." 

 THE LATE ANTI-NEGRO RIOTS IN THE WEST. HE ATE NTI EGRO IOTS IN THE EST. The Cincinnati Times says the late negro riots in thatcity are supposed to have been part of a concertedplan to bring about excitement for political effect,and that there are men who allege that they were apart of the secret programme of the great "conservative"movement inaugurated recently in New York.The outbreak had all the appearance of havingbeen produced by outside influences. The ToledoCommercial also says the same, declaring that thereare positive evidences that the riots there were theresult of concerted movements, originating in NewYork, and incited by emissaries dispatched simultaneouslyto the different cities. It is understood thatof a party of four which left New York for this purpose,one remained in Toledo, another went to Cincinnatiby the Dayton and Michigan road, and anotherproceeded to Chicago. This will account for theorder and time in which the riots in the several citiesoccurred. Times Commercial 

 "America before Europe. Principles and Interests.By Count Agénor de Gasparin. Translated fromadvance sheets, by Mary L. Booth. New York:Charles Scribner, 124 Grand St., 1862"—pp. 419.For sale in Boston by Crosby and Nichols, 117Washington St. This interesting and valuable book is a sequel to"The Uprising of a Great People," published byCount Gasparin rather more than a year ago.Proposing to examine the crisis through which this countryis passing from the European point of view, itsauthor takes the part of a true friend to our nation,not only by clearing up various errors in regard to uswhich still prevail in Europe, but by offering suchcounsel as his wisdom dictates for our present and futureguidance. Seeing that it is while the issue of theconflict is still uncertain that it is important to setforth the principles which it involves, he has spokenpromptly, once and again, endeavoring to commendthose principles to the attention of both his and ourcountrymen. Every page shows the diligence of theauthor in penetrating the complications of our condition,and preparing himself, by a careful study offacts and documents, to understand it; and it cannotbe but that his intelligence, his earnestness and hisprudence will give help, on both sides of the water,towards the successful solution of our great problem. The six parts into which this book is divided examinesuccessively—the general aspect, to Europe, ofthe American Crisis—the attitude of England, orrather of two diverse classes which constitute that nation,towards this country—the Errors credited in Europe—the Interests of Europe in America—the claimwhich Freedom makes upon Americans—and theclaim which Religion makes upon American and EnglishChristians. An appendix quotes certain Statepapers of our Government, by way of documentaryevidence. With comparatively few errors, either of fact or ofspeculation, in regard to us, this work has many andgreat merits. Instead of merely calculating probabilitiesin regard to our destiny, it seeks to fix attentionon the question—Which course is right? It recognizesobedience to duty as the highway of ultimate success,and points out that sound principle is the belt guardianof our interests. Recognizing the fact that suchgreat, and wide—spreading, and deep-rooted causes ofdisturbance as here prevail, are not to be speedilycalmed into quietness, it counsels patience and prudence.Recognizing also that the faults of the pastand present are the dangers of the future, it urges immediateand progressive reform. It is true that the reform inculcated by Count Gasparinis not precisely of our sort. He prefers gradualto immediate abolition. But every page of his bookshows that this is through no lack of zeal for the ultimateresult, but only from full recognition of the existingobstacles. The Abolitionists have so often heardgradualism deceitfully urged, on this side the water,for the purpose of postponing prompter and strongeraction, that they have leaned to look with suspiciousupon the motives of him who advises it. But no suchsuspicion can touch the author of this book. Eventhe mistakes concerning radical men and measuresinto which calumnious rumor has led him do not for amoment disguise the fact that he is at heart with us.And he gives the strongest proof or this substantialunity with the Abolitionists by retaking, precisely asGarrison, and Phillips, and Parker have rebuked, theNorthern sin of prejudice against color, and warningthe Northern people that this vice must be discardedbefore either Christianity or Democracy can have freeensure among them. It is of course, advantages for Americans to readboth the consuls and the rebukes of a friend so intelligentand so earnest. And this view of America in thepresence of Europe can hardly full to exercise a favorableinfluence in regard to us both in France andEngland. A book treating of affairs on various and complicated,occuring in a country which the author hasnever visited, will inevitably contain errors. Someof the greatest of these are found in Count Gasparin'schapter entitled "Attitude of Christiane in American,"By "Christians" be means members of stretchedcalled "Evangelical." Here, evidently, the intensityof his wish that the American churches might dotheir duty upon the great subject of country has bada very powerful influence upon his estimate of thescanty facts bearing in that direction. In his statementrespecting the present attitude of the Northernchurches towards slavery, the wish (unconsciously tohimself, of courts,) has been father to the thought;for not only does his specification of evidence full isestablish his point, but as one item of that evidenceeven tends to establish it. Here is a specimen of twoenormous errors condensed into our sentence:— tends "The remarkable revival which agitated the wholeNorth, and which, save at a point in Baltimore,stopped effort at the frontiers of the South, has beenthe great providential means against slavery."—p. 391. If the reports of the religious papers, North andSouth, made at the times of the last great revival, areto the believed, that influences prevailed throughout theSouth, equally as throughout the North, and with thesame utter absence of result, in both regions, uponthe institution of slavery. I carefully examined thesereports while the events were passing. No mentionof slavery was permitted in the revival meetings ofeither section. I saw as evidence that, in the South,any slave was manumitted in consequence of the"conversion" of his master, or that, in the North, asingle person became, through "conversion," an opposerof slavery. permitted The American translation of Count Gasparia'sbook is carelessly printed, and contains many errors.For instance:—On p. 150, we have "England" printed,instead of America. At the top of p. 189, we have"the first corner," instead of the first comer. At thetop of p. 386, the language represents as male insteadof female that slave who was burned alive by membersof one of the American Board's mission churchesamong the Cherokees, in 1859.—C.E.W. America. the first comer. "God Timing all National Changes in the Interests ofhis Christ. A Discourse before the American BaptistHome Mission Society, at its Annual Meetingin the City of Providence, R.I., on Thursday evening,May 29th, 1862. By William R. Williams.New York: Sheldon and Company, 335 Broadway.Boston: Gould and Lincoln. 1862."—pp. 56. It was not at all strange that, when the wholeNorthern people arose in their might to declare thatthe nation should remain one, and that the Governmentshould be sustained in its struggle with Rebellion,the clergy should have joined their voices to thegeneral cry. They had always preached, and practiced,allegiance to the Government. The coming outof a crop of patriotic sermons, in this exigency, wasa matter of course. There has been no change in thesentiment of patriotism, on the part of either people orpastors; only an occasion for the active manifestationof it. In another particular, however, a great change hasbeen going on. As the progress of the rebellion,and of the war, exposed to the people, and particularlyto the army, more and more of the atrociouscharacter of slavery, and of the depravation wroughtby it in the manners and morals of slaveholders,more and more of the Northern people havebeen awakened to the necessity of exterminatingslavery. And, closely following these, a similarproportion of the clergy have vigorously inculcatedthe duty of using the existing struggle forthis purpose. Whether Mr. Williams be one of thathonored minority of the clergy who spoke plainlyagainst slavery before this necessity was laid uponthem, I know not. But in this discourse, treating ofthe "opportunities and hopes of the times, in theirbearing on the Home Mission work of the Churchesof Christ," he pleads energetically for an applicationof the rule of righteousness to our great national sin. He tells us that the late action of the slaveholdershas, happily, swung the whole question out of its oldmoorings, making it possible for the nation, and theGovernment, to act against slavery in a way, and withan effectiveness, formerly prohibited. He welcomesthe opening for mortal combat against this giant iniquity.Rather than give it by new compromises, a freshlease of life, he would accept perpetual war, and leaveit in charge to his children after him to reconquer thewhole land for freedom. He declares that the negro, being Christ's kinsman,is our kinsman also; and that, as we now injure orbenefit him, it will speedily be said to us—Inasmuchas ye have done it unto one of the least of these mybrethren, ye have done it unto Me. Showing that the operation of our present struggle,whether longer or shorter, must be to release the blackman from bondage, he declares that when this struggleshall cease, it will be infamous to reënslave him,and alike foolish and wicked to banish him. And heforcibly asks whether it he either policy or piety, inan age when British and American Christians havejust been fighting the good fight of the abolition ofcaste in the East-Indian mission churches, to exasperatethe law of caste on these shores, and convert ourdusky tillers and toilers into the coolies of a cruel, enforcedexpatriation. must A large responsibility for the continuance andgrowth of slavery rests on the Baptist denominationin this country, both South and North. The SouthernBaptists cannot at present be reached by Christianmissionaries. But if so sound and able a laborer asMr. Williams can be obtained for the purpose, I suggestto the American Baptist Home Mission Societythe advantage of immediately sending him to evangelizethe Reverend Dr. Baron Stow, and the Rowsstreet church and congregation, in this city. NoSouthern heathen are more in need of such labor. —C.K.W. 

 ☞The New York Times thinks the campaignis going ahead; that McClellan it in all respects themaster of the situation. He will move shortly, andmove surely; so shortly and surely that it need beno matter of surprise if the anniversary of Bull Runfind our army in the rebel capital. Times Will there never be an end of this preliminary puffingand bragging? Certainly, if ever a people hadlessons of caution and self-restraint in this respect, itit the American people with reference to this verymatter of the capture of Richmond. If Richmondcould have been destroyed by a constant stream ofbrags and threats, as Jericho was by the blowing ofram's horns, we should have had possession on of it longago. Let us try the novelty next time of taking itfirst, and bragging afterwards.—Salem Mercury. first Salem Mercury. 

 The Boston Post states that Gen. Butler has orderedthat every negro found after dark about the streets ofNew Orleans, without a pass from his master, shouldbe treated according to the laws of Louisiana, namely,with whipping, and imprisonment on bread and water.Of course, every free negro found in the streets afterdark is liable to be thus treated. Post free It should not be forgotten that Abraham Lincoln ismorally responsible for this, and for every other outrageagainst the colored people which Gen. Butler mayperpetrate in New Orleans. Gen. Butler, perceiving the injury to the public serviceresulting from the diversity of action between twohigh officers in the same department, namely, himself,a pro-slavery Democrat, and Gen. Phelps, an Abolitionist,very properly asked of the President a shorttime ago, instructions specifying which policy shouldbe pursued by both, and declaring his own willingnessto obey orders in either direction. Mr. Lincoln evadedthe point in question, and returned an namely andnon-committal answer. If ha had cared for a policyfavoring freedom in general for the colored people, orfor justice and fair play towards those in Louisiana,either or both these objects might have been accomplishedby a single word from him. He has shrunkfrom this duty, as from so many others. And he, inmy judgment, should be held responsible for the meanness,cruelty, and wickedness of the order above referredto.—C.K.W. 

 THE CAPTURE OF CYNTHIANA. Kr. The CincinnatiTimes has a detailed account of the capture ofCynthiana, Ky., by Morgan and his hand of guerillas.The place was held by 300 soldiers, composed of homeguards belonging in Cynthiana and neighboring towns,under command of Lieut. Col. Landman. Morganattacked the place with 1200 men, and after a deeper,ate fight of two hours, the Union troops were obligedto run, having sustained a less of 60 to 70 killed andwounded. The rebel loss is estimated at 90. HE APTURE OF YNTHIANA. Times After gaining possession of the place, the rebels behavedin the usual manner, seizing every article theyneeded belonging to Union men. Houses were, entered,stables were robbed, burean drawers were opened,and for two hours the city was filled with robbers.The next day the railroad depot was burned, and alsoseveral bridges. 

 THE CONTINENTAL MONTHLY—Devoted to Literatureand National Policy—for August,1862. HE ONTINENTAL ONTHLY Contents.—Among the Pines,(concluded;) SouthernRights; Macaroni and Canvas; Glances fromthe Senate—Gallery; The Last Ditch; Rewarding theArmy; John McDenough, the Millionaire; HelterSkelter Papers; Sketch of the Orient; Witches,Elves, and Goblins; A True Romance; Iluguenctsof New York City; The Bane of our Country; TheMolly O'Molly Papers; Wounded; After and theCapitalists of New York; Thunder all Bound; Washe Successful! A Merchant's Story; Corn is King;Library Notices; Editor's Table. Contents. 

 EVACUATION OF EDISTO ISLAND. A letter from amissionary at Part Royal, S.C., says:— VACUATION OF DISTO SLAND. "It has been decided to abandon Edisto Island.Consequently, the negroes have been humanely removedto St. Helens Island, where they will be protectedfrom the incursions of the rebels. They wereremoved en masse. Nearly one thousand come here atone time on one of our smaller steamboats. Thescene was heart-rending. They were liberally stowedon the deck and between decks. It was a shadow of themiddle passage. And yet how far short of the reality!Several births occurred during the trip. We trust thelittle strangers were 'free born.'" 

 Mr. Editor,—It was sold by one of the speakersat the great meeting on the Common, Saturday afternoon,"We are not here to consider the cause ofour country's present condition, but to device somemeans for suppressing this terrible rebellion." Now,it is not difficult for us to see why such men as theauthor of this utterance are as unwilling to say anything about the "cause" of our present troubles.We suppose if a company of incendiaries had fired alarge building, for purpose of plunder, and, havingbeen badly burred in the scrape, should call the peopletogether to consider the best mouse for extinguishingthe fire, or staying the progress of the flames,they would be quite likely to say, as did the speakerreflected to, "We are not have to consider the cause ofthis conflagration, but to consider how we shall bestput this terrible fire out." cause cause It requires more grace than out modern conservativepoliticians happen to be possessed of to makethem magnanimous enough to confess, frankly, thatthey have caused the terrible conflagration which isnow devastating our country, and threatening toleave it an uninhabitable and desolate waste. Havingbeen in complicity with the rebels ever since thegovernment was formed, and aided them in robbingGod's poor, now that the traitors are seeking to roband enslave them, they find it very convenient to raisethe cry, "Thief!" that they may secure a reputationfor honesty to which they have never been entitled.We thank God that there are some men in the community—and women, too—who can see into the heartsof these men, and who know that they have no lovefor liberty per as, but daises freedom for the white manonly. them per as white Talk about the impropriety of considering the"cause" of this rebellion! Man do not thus reasonor act in relation to other and even minor evils whichexist in the community. If a ship springs a leak atsea, one of the first things to be done is to search forthe "cause." How aboard it would be, under suchcircumstances, for the captain to call the ship's companyupon deck, and say to them, in the language ofone of the Boston Common orators, "We are nothere to consider the cause of this sad disaster, but tosee how we shall save the ship from sinking, and ourselvesfrom a watery grave. "Our impression is thatsuch a commander would be speedily introduced byhis auditors to old Neptune, to die "Unwept, unhonored and unsung." When business is depressed, and financial ruinstares us in the face, men seek for the cause, and laborhard to remove it. When the potato becomes infectedwith disease, so that we are in danger of losing thatvaluable esculent, the whole community is astir toascertain the cause, elaborate essays are written byour most learned men, and spread before the people,suggesting a remedy. When pleura-pneumonia breaksout among our cattle, threatening to decimate anddestroy the herds of our farmers, the whole State isaroused, the Legislature is convened, the people areaddressed upon the subject by His Excellency, alarge committee of our greatest wiseacres in suchmatters is elected, and thousands of dollars are expandedto ascertain the cause and suggest a remedy.But when a disease is raging far more fatal to ourpeace and prosperity as a nation than any of these, orall of them combined, filling the land with mourningand unutterable woe, and the people with terror andalarm, having its origin in the moral delinquencies ofthose who have assumed to command our "ship ofState," we are to be told, are we, that it is not properto consider the cause of this terrible state of things,but we must seek to prevent the consequences! Letthose who will follow such teachers remember thedeclaration of the Savior—"If the blind lead theblind, both shall fall into the ditch." cause When God put down the great rebellion institutedin Eden, and expelled the traitors therefrom, he clearlyshowed them the cause of it, and why he so summarilydealt with them as its authors. Had He beenpermitted to take some lessons in the school of modernconservative politicians, He would, probably, haveput down the terrible rebellion, as they propose tosuppress the more terrible one now existing in theUnited States, (!) without saying any thing about the"cause." He has, since that period, made a goodmany similar blunders. For instance, when He visitedPharaoh and his people with such terribleplagues, He told him the cause why He thus dealtwith him, viz., he "would not let His people go, thatthey might serve Him." He speaks to us, providentially,in similar language to-day, and will continue to"plague" us, as a nation, as He did Egypt, unless wewill "let His people go" out from their bondage,that they may serve Him. Again, when Joshua was repulsed by the people ofAi, (see Joshua 7:5,) God showed him the cause,and instructed him bow to prevent a repetition of thedisaster. (Let those who would overlook the causeof our national troubles read carefully the first twelvechapters of Joshua, and, if they are sensible men andwomen, they will no more ignore the cause of theuncivil and terrible war which is convulsing our government,and filling its supporters with the mostfearful apprehensions.) When God was about to suppress the great rebellionin the time of Noah, He made known to him thecause. He said, "The end of all flesh is come beforeme; for the earth is filled with violence throughthem: and behold, I will destroy them with theearth." See Genesis 6:13. (Is not the same trueof "our own dear native land?" and have we not reasonto fear that a similar doom awaits it?) When, at a later period, God was about to destroythe Jewish polity and nation, He told them—by hisSon—the cause. The Savior "beheld the city, andwept over it, saying, If thou beheld known, even thou,at least in this thy day, the things which belong to thypeace I but now they are hid from thine eyes. Forthe days shall come upon thee, that thine enemiesshall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round,and keep thee in on every side, and shall lay theeeven with the ground, and thy children within thee;and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another:BECAUSE thou knewest not the time of thy visitation."See Lake 19:41-44. Again, in Luke 13:34, 35, bear him saying, "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem,which killest the prophets, and stonest them that weresent unto thee; bow often would I hare gatheredthy children together as a hen doth gather her broodunder her wings, and ye would not! Behold, yourhouse is left unto you desolate." Is not the "cause"of Jerusalem's overthrow here clearly stated? Andis not a similar cause working our ruin to-day?Have we not killed the prophets who have predictedour overthrow, if we would not let God's peoplego out from under the yoke of bondage? Does notthe blood of a Lovejoy, of a Torrey, of a John Brown,and others, cry to God from our soil, andhas not the cry entered into the ear of Him "to whomvengeance belongeth, and who will repay"? Havewe not stoned these whom God has seat unto us, toadmonish as that, "though hand join in hand, thewicked shall not go unpunished"? See Proverbs11:21. Have we not "sown the wind, and are wenot reaping the whirlwind"? See House 8:7. Thedays when mobs ruled the people, and broke up themeetings of their truest friends, who sought to warnthem against the approach of the terrible foe who isnow devastating the land, and when the rulers joinedin the mad cry, "Crucify them!" "Crucify them!"have come up in remembrance before God, who isnobly vindicating them against the aspersions of theirenemies, who are "like the troubled sea, whose waterscannot rest,"—"whose hearts are failing them forfear, and for looking after the things that are comingupon the land." See Luke 21:26. Those ropes which have been put about the necksof those who have plended for the poor and the oppressed;those prison walls within which they have beenincarcerated for uttering the truth; those stones andeggs which have been defiantly hurled at those menand women, whose only offence was that they followedand taught what the Bible asserts, that "God madeof one blood ALL NATIONS of men for to dwell on allthe face of the earth," (see Acts 17:25,) and insistedthat "whatsoever we would that men abound do manus, we should do even so unto them," are now recedingin terrible retributive, upon the necks, heads andbodies of those who thus used them. So true is itthat "what a man (or a nation) soweth, that shall bereap" "If he soweth to the flesh, he shall of theflesh reap corruption" and DEATH. If we do not misinterpret God's dealings with us.He is saying to us, as a nation, as He did to the Jewsby the prophet, "Bring no more vain oblations, incense is an abomination unto me: the new moonsand sabbaths I cannot away with, it is iniquity eventhe coleman meeting. Your new moons and yourappointed fasts my soul hateth, they are a troubleunto me; I am weary to bear them. And when yespread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes fromyou; yes, when ye make many prayers, I will nothear you: your hands are full of blood" See Issiah1:13-15. Again—"Your iniquities have separatedbetween you and your God, and your sins have hidhis face from you, that he will not hear. For yourhands are defiled with blood, and your fingers withiniquity; your lips have spoken lies, your tonguehath muttered perverseness. None calleth for justice,nor any pleadeth for truth; they trust in vanity, andspeak lies; they conceive mischief, and bring forthiniquity." See Isaiah 59 2-4. your hands are full of blood yourhands are defiled with blood None calleth for justice,nor any pleadeth for truth With such examples before us, while we deplorethe condition of our country, let us not ignore thecause of these terrible calamities, but search for it diligently,and put it away, lest God, "in his displeasureshall take us away with his stroke, then a great ransomcannot deliver us." See Job 36 18. cause Boston, July 28, 1862. JUSTITIA. 

 *** Our fee is more than ever embrowned bythe magnitude of the attempt to crush the rebellion.He is in a cul de sac—a blind alley, and cannot one hisway out. Our recognition by Europe will no doubtcome to increase his confusion and his difficulties.Coerced recruits may fill skeleton regiments—LincolnMay burnt and blower, and Seward lie and spin hisartful were—the satraps who emulate Butler and Stockmay essay to crush the spirit of a few communities bycruelty and brutality, but it will be all in vain. Thesethings cannot mend the disclocated vertebrae of themost bidsons monster that ever shocked mankind. Itis for us, by our energy and the very, by our constuncyand vigilance, to complete his declaration now soplainly foreshadowed in the signs of the times. Acommunication so glorious, so beneficial to humanity,is worth our most powerful exertions. Governmentnor people should pause, rest or sleep, until this greatwork is done. 

 DEAR GARRISON,—We anticipated a most excellentand impressive meeting last Sunday, and truly wewere not disappointed. Seldom, if ever have thepeople been more deeply impressed with the peril ofthe hour, than by the weighty words of Mr. Pillsbury.A large and attentive audience, filling Lyceum Hall,gave evidence that all is not stony ground. Theechoing words of Jeremiah and Isaish were soundedin solemn tones, and God's eternal law in the materialand moral world was made the basis of a searchinganalysis of the present trial-hour to our guiltynation. Oh, if the Government and Church wouldlisten, and put away their infidelity; if, neglecting thetempest and whirlwind, they would hear the "still,small voice," peradventure we might hope! But,alas! is not the hour at hand when we must receive"double for our sins"! What shall save us fromflery judgment and God's scathing justice! Is therehope in such an hour, when "None calleth for justice—no, not one"? EAR ARRISON Any attempt to put on record the rebuke and warningof our veteran brother, who, "careworn andweary," cries for the dumb in this hour of madness,would be fruitless. His words are still ringing in theear. God grant they may lodge in the heart! Whatis to be done! Ah, this is the question; and whatshall be our answer! May we have grace to say,even in the face of martyrdom, with Napoleon's OldGuard, "We will die, but never surrender." And,blessed be God. "Tis not all of life to live.Nor all of death to die."  What is to be done! Thus, at the close of the eveninglecture, answered Mr. Pillsbury—"Hastenback to a recognition of your own manhood—of yourdivine origin and destiny. Believe yourself toosacred to be shot down like dogs by Jeff Davis andhis myrmidons, and all in the cause of slavery ! Die,rather, at home, in the arms of loving mothers andaffectionate sisters. Nay, be shot down, if you must,at home, and die like a Christian, and have a decentburial, rather than go and die in the cause of a Unionand Government baaed on slavery, which shouldnever have been formed, and which are blistered allover with the curses of God for the wrongs, outragesand cruelties it has inflicted on millions of his poorchildren. Speak in tones of thunder to the Government,until it hear, and declares a policy and purpose.of such a character as that, if you must die in battle,it shall at least be in the cause of justice and liberty. How heaven-wide the difference here, contrastedwith the following call—the latest type of Republicanjustice, even in theory, for a meeting to arouse thepeople to fill the decimated ranks! The Union-loving men of Milford, who love theold Constitution bequeathed to us by the patriots ofthe Revolution, who love the old flag which was consecrated by the blood of our fathers, and who wish tohand down to posterity that Constitution inviolate,and that flag unstained, are requested to meet at theTown Hall. Monday evening, July 14, at 8 o'clock, totake such measures as are necessary to encourage theenlistment of men in defence of that Constitution andthat flag." What infatuation! How false even to our deadfathers, who in their day saw the evil, and desired tobe delivered from it! Recreant sons' the bones ofJefferson and Washington, if they were not alreadydecomposed, would rattle against their coffins in rebuke of such misguided and perfidious twaddleconsecrated Constitution, which hurls into a hell ofbondage the panting fugitive, and eternizes the same!An unstained flag, that still waves in mockery overmillions of bondmen! No; let us, if it be possibleredeem the Constitution and flag, and then we willmake the welkin ring with our glad hosannahs.Till then, no compromise, come life or death. G.W.S. Milford, (Mass.) July 14, 1862. 

 REBEL RAID AT FLORENCE, ALA.—Cairo, Ill., July20th. The steamer Evansville, from the Tennesseeriver, brings the news of a rebel raid at Florence, Alabama,on Tuesday last. They entered the city, andburned all the warehouses used fro commissary andquartermasters' stores, and all the cotton in the vicinity.They also calmed the U.S. steamer Coloma, usedfor carrying army supplies ever the shoals. Theytook all the money belonging to the beat and passengers,and then burnt her. The property destroyed inreported to be of great value. A small detachment ofGen. Mitchell's army was captured. The rebels thenproceeded down the Tennessee river to Chickasaw,Waterloo, and the vicinity of Eastport, and burned allthe warehouses which contained cotton. EBEL AID AT LORENCE LA. Cairo, Ill., July20th. Another hand of forty rebels attacked a wagon trainnear Pittsburg Landing, and captured sixty wagonsconveying commissary and quartermasters' stores. NASHVILLE, Tenn., July 27. The 10th Ohio regiment,guarding the Memphis and Charleston railroadbetween Decatur and Cortland, were attached yesterdayby a large force of guerillas under Stearns andHoward. Thirty or forty of the regiment are said tohave been killed. The road was considerably damaged,but not so much so as to cut off communication. ☞Advices from Tuscumbia state that 6000 balesof cotton have been burnt by guerillas in that neighborhoodwithin ten days. It is farther stated that the rebels in the cotton-burningdistricts first sell, and get gold from Unionmen and their agnate, and then destroy the propertythus paid for. ☞Last Friday night, a party of rebels made adash across the Jeanne, just above Harrison's Landing,burnt a schooner, captured the captain, and drove off500 beef cattle belonging to the army of the Potomac.Somebody on our side must have been very sleepythat night. ☞A special despatch to the Chicago Times fromCairo, dated July 28, says that the rebels have takenpossession of Humboldt, and now bold the Mobile andOhio Railroad there. They have torn up the trackfor five miles. Times ☞How the Government protects loyal men isaptly illustrated by advices from Fortress Monroe,which say that on Thursday night a company of Rebelcavalry came down on Gloucester Point, oppositeYorktown, carried off a lot of contrabands, and forcedinto the Rebel army all the inhabitants found therecapable of bearing arms. They then set fire to a lotof ship-timber, and, with their trophies, took their departure. ☞We hear from various sections that men wouldwillingly enlist to fight, if they could be assuredagainst "ditching" in the service. They shouldhave that assurance, with ample security, for Gen.McClellan told the army of the Potomac, after a curiosityhunter from Massachusetts had taken Manassas,that he would lead them to " the decisive battlefield,"which he didn't—Boston Herald. Boston Herald. NEWS WANTED FOR EUROPE. A reader of theIndependent, who has just set sail for Europe, sendsus a note concerning his paper, and adds:— EWS ANTED FOR UROPE. Independent "Forward me speedy news, as follows: Richmond—ours. The Rebellion—the Devil's. The Country—the Lord's. Slavery—nowhere!" We lay upon Gen. McClellan the first; the second,upon President Lincoln; the third, upon the Christianchurch and aft holy ministers; and the last uponPresident, generals, ministers, and all citizens together.—N.Y. Independent. N.Y. Independent. ☞The rebel officers talk as if an aggressive policyis meant by their " Government." One of themhinted at the destruction of Washington as one of theirchief purposes, remarking, " The Northerners do notknow what war is. You have not had any cities destroyed,but in a little while there will be one of yourcities burned up." ☞A letter from an officer of the army in Tennesseerelates an anecdote of a woman who is carryingon a plantation, in the absence of her husbandsand brothers in the Confederate army. She droveour men out of her yard with a broomstick, becausethey wanted to purchase milk; said she wished shewas a man, she would be in the army, too; she wouldsell or give any thing for the South, but would notsell a thing to the Yankees, who had no businessthere. ☞We have heard much of the "loyalty " ofNorth Carolinians, yet there were thirty-eight regimentsof these same loyalists in the Confederate armythat fought the late battles near Richmond,—say19,000 men. How many North Carolinians are therein the Federal service? We only know of Gov.Stanley, and much good he has done us!—Traveller. Traveller. ☞Gen. Pope seems to give the rebels great distressof mind, which finds relief in blackguarding andridiculing the General and his orders. They denouncehim as worse than a savage because he will not allow ahorde of treacherous neutrals, who are in almost everyinstance spies for Jeff. Davis, to remain within hislines. A correspondent of the New York Express, at Norfolk,thus describes the "situation" with regard toslavery in that vicinity:— Express "Slavery is abolishing itself. The negroes arecoming in—sometimes fifty a day—leaving the cropsungathered. General Viele is run down with womenpleading for their runaway negroes. One delicatelady showed him her hands, burnt with work, towhich they were unaccustomed, as all the negroes hadleft her, with no other resource. He kindly andcourteously tells them that the South has abrogatedthe civil laws, and military laws know no differenceof color. This settles the question. It is the simplestsolution I have yet seen. Jeff. Davis is responsiblefor the consequences to them, as individuals." ☞Steps are being taken to bring loyal blacks bythe hundred from the Valley of the Shenandoah withinthe lines of Gen. Sigel. To what military purposesthey are to be devoted is not known. ☞The Nashville Union thus speaks of the VallandighamDemocratic Address:— Union "The Union men of the South regard it as the productionof a pack of traitors. They detest bath theAndreas and its anther." Yet there are Locofocoe at the North, stoutly professingto be Union men, who endorse that Address. ☞A number of the Oberlin students who weremembers of the 7th Ohio regiment, and ware takenprisoners at Cross Lanes last summer, have been released,and have arrived home. They were taken toRichmond, and were treated in the most brutal andinhuman manner. ☞A New Orleans correspondent of the NewYork Times states that the engineer of the "cut off,"by which Vicksburg was to have been made an inlandcity, told him that the negroes employed in the workmostly belonged to Jeff. Davis, his brother and a Dr.Metcalf. Times CAFTURE OF ANOTHER SLAVES. A letter formthe coast of Africa, states that as English cruiserlately captured there a slaver, with five hundredstaves on board. Her nationality is unknown. AFTURE OF NOTHER LAVES. ARRIVAL OF A COLONY OF CONTRABANDS INHATTI. Inters from Cayes, HaytI, received in thiscity, announce the arrival there of a colony of contrabandsfrom Washington. The Acting American Consulwrites that the contrabands were in good healthand excellent spirits; that they had been already located,and as for as he could learn, the emigrants andthe parties with whom they are located, are perfectlysatisfied with such other.—Boston Traveller. RRIVAL OF A OLONY OF ONTRABANDS IN ATTI. Boston Traveller. CALAIS, (Ms.) July 29.—The office of the St. CreixHareld, in St Stephens, N.B., was again visited by amob last night. The work of destruction this time isnearrly complete. Most of the type is pied the pressinjured, and much of the materiel scattered outside ofthe building and thrown into the river. The causesare doubtless the same so induced the Senator outrage.The publication of the paper is unavoidaby delayedfor several weeks. The Harold is a strong Unionpaper, perhaps the only one in New Brunswick. Itsopposition to secessionism has brought the wroth ofthe Provincials down upon it. ALAIS Hareld Harold Horrible. An insane mother in the upper part ofCanada lately murdered her seven children in theirbeds. 

 MR. GARRISON,—Our local papers informed us, theother day, that among the speakers at a recent warmeeting in Leicester was Rev. Mr. May, but as theydid not inform us what he said, it was an open, andI think a fair supposition, that he, as an old and triedAbolitionist, who had long labored under the standard of "No Union with Slaveholders." "No support ofor complicity with a pro-slavery Government," spoke against any support of this Government, and todiscourage enlistments. But I am grieved to learn froman authentic source, that he is actually using his influenceto secure enlistments under the recent call ofthe President, affirming it to be the duty of everyman who can to enlist, and that he would go himself,were he physically able. I am so astounded that Ialmost doubt whether this can be the same SamuelMay, Jr., who has for so many years been the activeand devoted General Agent of the American andMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Societies. The namesand residences of the two are identical, but can it bepossible that they are one and the same person? Canyou, Mr. Garrison, tell me if it is so! I think thatthe members and friends of these Societies have a right and ought to be informed as to this position oftheir General Agent, if it is him. R. ARRISON I know that we must take into consideration thefact, that the official representatives of the Americanand Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Societies did, for a year or more after the breaking out of the war, appearto give an unconditional support to the Government;and I recollect that Mr. Edmund Quincy announced,at our meeting at Framingham a year ago last Fourthof July, that the Commander-in-Chief of the UnitedStates army had become the General Agent of theAmerican Anti slavery Society; but as this announcementof Mr. Quincy was supposed to be a factiousone and as we were semi-officially informed by Mr.C.K. Whipple in an important article in the Liberatorof July 11 that our proved leaders had found theirexpetimental support of the Government a failure,and abortive of any good results to the slave or theanti-slavery cause, and that therefore they must stop,I had supposed that they and their agents would nowleave the active service of the Government, and returnto the cause of the slave, which I think they sounwisely though unintentionally deserted. I amsorry that Mr. May has not returned  Mr. May is said to wish the rebellion crushed, andthat it can only be done by force. Alas! how deludedand mistaken! The North may take Richmondand Charleston, as it has New Orleans and leant and Norfolk;it may process the whole South land with its armies,and still leave the life of the rebellion untouched.Brute force may crush the rebels without establishingrighteousness. In crushing wicked men, it may notharm wicked-ness. The North may, by brute force,utterly crush the south and yet be nearer its own destructionthan ever before. Taking Richmond it notthe needful thing. Brute force does not do the work.Righteousness alone can save us, if indeed it is nottoo late for anything to do it. Let JUSTICE be doneby the Government, and it does not need to takeRichmond, it does not need its million of armed men;it can be saved by it, without them, if it can be savedat all. And it Mr. May could induce the Governmentto do the great justice that God and sufferingman demand of it, he might thenceforth forego hislabors at recruiting men to die like dogs in the swampsand trenches, or by the shot of the South, in the unhallowedservice of a President who but recently,with indecent haste, reenslaved a million of GeneralHunter's freed men. men USTICE The Lord God of Hosts has a controversy with thisnation. He is now punishing it for its sins; andshall we attempt to avert His just judgments, or raisemen to defend it against the wrath of His avenginghand? Shall Mr. May or you or I or any of us,who have for years pronounced the woes of Godagainst this nation for its wickedness, now that theyare being poured out on its unrepentant head, seek toraise our hands in a vain struggle against the marchof God's eternal justice? Let us repenting of oursins, lest we also perish in the great destruction, callon the nation to arise to Righteousness and Justice,lest haply it may not be too late for God to stay hisstretched-out arm. JOSEPH A HOWLAND. Worcester July, 27 1862. 

 "Men! men! men! then say;"Men! men! men! thy for the Kind!"Come, nor linger to ask us why!Come, for we falter; come, for we die;Come with your life in you hand?"     Ah, how blind! they starve at the hast,They farces to the sunsine, they thirst by the break;They turn to the North, they turn to the East,They turn again to distant West;They know not where to lock!     I know a man, and his arm to strong,His blood is red, though his face is black;His flesh has quivered beneath the thong,His soul has sunk 'neath a crushing wrong;He waits to give it back!     I know a man, and his heart in true,His sinews are steel, though dark in his skin;His wife was killed by a dastard crow,His brother lies dead with his heart shot through;He says, "Shall I begin?"     "Men! men! men!" do you cry?"Men! men! men!" Look down from your end?See million of loyal hearts ready to flyTo the front of your army to conquer or die!Scorn them, and merit defeat?     

 Mr. George T. Downing being in Boston on Sundayday, July 20th, and having in possession some factsimportant to be communities and at once to the coloredcitizens, Rev. L.A. Grimes, on being apprised of thesame, waived his usual evening service, and tenderedthe use of his pulpit, which arrangement was opportune,and seemed very to the audience. Dr. Rock being called upon by Mr. Downing, Statedthat during his recent visit to Washington, he had aninterview with Hon George W. Julian, who impartedto him the fact that certain influential colored men,connected with the Liberia Commission, had been oflate quite active in endeavoring to impress, membersof Congress and others with the idea that the coloredcitizens of the United States have become favorablydisposed towards Liberia colonization He (Dr. Rock) offset the assertion by numerousfacts from his range of experience and observation,but wishing to have the statement in a form to beused, he subsequently obtained from Mr. Julian thefollowing letter:— House OF REPRESENTATIVES F EPRESENTATIVES WASHINGTON CITY July 1, 1862. ASHINGTON ITY Dear SIR—I have yours of 28th of June. In conversationwith me, Mr. Johnson spoke first of theContrabands turned adrift by the way and sand theyshould be sent out of the country, whether they arewilling to go or not. He said they were mere childrenin capacity and needed the control at the superior raceand ought to have it, whether they desired it or not IR needed I asked him it he would apply this policy to all thecolored race of the country, North and South, bondand true. He said he would, that the race was inferior,incapable of taking care of itself and that ifthey could not be persuaded to accept colonization hewould compel them to accept it. He said much morebut this is the substance of what he said Very truly, yours, GEORGE W JULIAN. EORGE ULIAN. Dr. Rock. The reading it this letter created quite a sensation.and the interest was increased by the address of Mr.Downing, which was a review of cerium documentsrecently emanating from members of the Liberia Commission. It abended with facts and arguments, ablyand earnestly presented, and so impressed the meeting,that unanimous vote of thanks was tenderedthe speaker and a copy of his address solicited forpublication, that the public might know the real stateof feeling among the colored people in view of thisnew phase of Liberia Colonization. The following were appointed a committee on publicationGeorge T Downing. Wm Wells Brown,John S. Rock Wm C. Nell, Rev Leonard L. Grimes As it was deemed necessary that this much of theproceedings should be immediately published, it isherewith respectfully submitted to the Liberator Liberator Boston, July 21, 1862. W.C.N. 

 Our citizens were somewhat startled, on Wednesdayafternoon, by three distinct discharges, as if causedby the firing of a heavy piece of ordnance, the causebeing, he blowing up of five buildings,—partly composingHazard's powder works, at Hazardville, Ct.There were eight lives lost, and their remains wereas mutilated that their families could not recognizesthem, except one, who was bathing in the basement.He was found dead, though apparently uninjured.The first explosion occurred in a press building; andthe cause of it will never be known, as all the men toit were instantly killed. The second explosion wasof another press building; the third, fourth andfifth explosions, were in character the or corning mills,and came to near together as to sound like one report.The loss in property is not very serious, the cartridgeworks being left uninjured. The company has someseventy-five buildings left, including duplicated of allthose destroyed. One hundred foot, blown a quarter of a mile, was allthat could be found of the six men in the press buildingwhere the first explosion occurred. All the deadmen save one leave dependent families. It is saidthat ten tons of powder, worth $3000, exploded in allthe mills. The cartridge factory was about a milefrom the exploding buildings, but the side was blownoff, the roof lifted and displaced, and the inmates badlyfrightened. The windows in the Hazardvillechurch are ruined. Nearly every house in the villagehas some taken of the dreadful disaster; some havethe sides torn down, others have lost portions of theroof, scarcely a whole window pane is to be seen, anda majority of the chimneys are prostrate. Trees weretorn off near the ground, or stripped of their limbs,fences swept away, and acre of "moving" landlooked as if heavy rollers had passed over the grass. —Northampton Free Press. Northampton Free Press. 

 In the book of the pro-slavery " Unionist," parsonBrownlow we find that, after all, the Unionist of thatperson "hung by a slender thread" On the 69thpage of "Brownlow's Experiences among the Rebels,"he states his position as follows:— "Should Lincoln be elected, and should he, for instance,recommend the abolition of the slave tradebetween the States, and Congress and the SupremeCourt sustain him therein, I would take the ground,The time of resolution had come, AND I WOULD GOWITH THEM" The time of resolution had come What confidence or reliance can be placed on suchUnionism as that? Boston, July 25, 1962. G.W.S. 

 ARE YOU INSURED? Scarcely a day passes inwhich the pertinence of this question is not impressedupon us, and it is source of gratification that we canpoint to so many excellent and time-honored companieseither established in this city or representedhere. We desire to cell particular attention to theexcellent agency of Mowers. Dobson &Jordan, 46State street. To all about effecting either life, fireor marine insurance, this firm others peculiar facilitiesfrom the fact that they represent only companies acceptedas first class in every respect, and whose reputationsfor prompt payments and fair dealing are proverbial.Of the Life Companies, the Mutual Benefitof Newark, N.J., claims a high stand, and shows arecord of marked prosperity. The advice whichMessrs D. &J. are enabled in give to all concerned bymeans of their experience and extended business connectionsis inestimable, while their perfect system enablesthem to assume the insurance of millions of propertyin different offices with comparatively little troubleto the party interested. To all about effecting insuranceon buildings, ships,—and in effecting, marineinsurance this firm has special advantages,—or life,a consultation at their office must result in a better understandingof their plan of business, which is all theinducement that need be offered to those desiring insuranceof any kind—Boston Daily Advertiser. RE OU NSURED Boston Daily Advertiser. 

 WASHINGTON, July 26 The president has issuedthe following Proclamation: ASHINGTON In pursuance of the 6th section of the act of Congress,entitled an act to suppress insurrection, to punishtreason and rebellion, and to seize and confiscatethe property of rebels, and for other purpose approvedJuly 17th, 1862, and which not and the jointresolution explanatory thereof are herewith published, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States,do hereby proclaim and warn alt persons within thecontemplation of said 6th section to cause participatingin aiding, countenancing or abetting the existing rebellionagainst the Government of the United States,and to return to their proper allegiance to the UnitedStates, on pain of the forfeitures and seizures as within and by said 6th section provided. In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand,and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed. Done at the City of Washington this Sloth day ofJuly, in the year of our Lord 1862, and of the independenceof the United States the 87th. (Signed) ABRAHAM LINCOLN. By the President, WM. H. SEWARD, Sec. of State. M. EWARD The importance of the President's Proclamationwill be seen by a brief reference to the act underwhich the manifesto is issued:— Sec. 1 enacts that every person who shall hereaftercommit the crime of treason against the United States,and shall he adjudged guilty thereof, shall suffer death,and all his slaves, if any, shall be declared and madefree; or he shall be imprisoned for not less than fiveyears and fined not lest than $10,000, and all his slaves,if any, shall be declared and made free; said floe shallbe levied and, collected on any or all of the property,real and personal, excluding slaves, of which the saidperson so convicted was the owner at the time of committingthe said crime, any sale or conveyance to thecontrary notwithstanding. Sec. 2 refers to persons instigating rebellion hereafter. Sec. 3 disqualifies rebels from hereafter holding officein the United States. Sec. 4 alludes to individuals charged with treasonbefore the act. Sec. 5 makes it the duty of the President to seizeall the estates and property of persons holding certainspecified offices in the Confederate States. Sec 6 And be it further enacted, That if any personwithin any State or Territory of the United States,other than those named as aforesaid, after the passageof this act, being engaged in armed rebellion againstthe Government of the United States, or aiding orabetting such rebellion, shall not, within sixty daysafter public warning and proclamation duly given andmade by the President of the United States, cease toaid, countenance and abet such rebellion, and returnto his allegiance to the United States, all the estateand property, moneys, stocks and credits of such personsshall be liable to seizure as aforesaid, and it shallbe the duty of the President to seize and use them asaforesaid, or the proceeds thereof. And all sales,transfers or conveyances of any such property afterthe expiration of said sixty days from the date of suchwarning and proclamation shall be null and void; andit shall be a sufficient bar to any suit brought by suchperson for the possession of the use of such property,or any of it, to allege and prove that he it one of thepersons described in this section. And be it further enacted 

 ☞NEW BEDFORD.—WM. WELLS BROWN will devilerto address at the Salem Church, New Bedford, onSunday evening, August 3. M. ELLS ROWN Subject—Emancipation the only hope of saving the Republic. 

 The New York Commercial Advertiser advocatesthe following described method of dealing with theSouthern conspiracy to destroy the nation:— Commercial Advertiser "In other words, the origin, intent and animus ofthis rebellion proclaim unmistakably that the slaveholdershave reached a point of apostacy from theprinciples of democracy which is radical in its characterthat slavery and its essentially despotic and anti-democraticinfluences have so far undermined theUnion, and do of necessity so corrode and destroy itsfoundations, that the only safety of the Union lies inthe utter eradication of the thing itself. There wouldhave been, there could have been, no rebellion hadthere been no slavery. This may not be a war for theextension of slavery, but it is a war for the exaltationof slavery over popular liberty, and for the establishmenton this continent of that form of class governmentand aristocratic despotism which are the legitimateand inevitable fruits of the existence of slavery.It is, therefore, while a war of classes, also a war ofclasses for a cardinal principle—on the part of therebels, for a mode of government more congenial totheir institutions and tastes, and on our part, for themaintenance of a form of government unqualifiedlydemocratic and free; on their part, to wrest from theUnion as much territory and other property as shallgive them territorial status among nations, and on ourpart, to maintain the integrity of that territory. "The course of events during the war must satisfyany man that this institution of slavery has been foryears so nursed at the South as to become really anelement of strength in this rebellion against free institutionsIt supplies these aristocratic insurgentswith labor in the trenches and on the plantations, bywhich it directly ministers to the strength of the foulrevolt, and it has to an alarming extent weakened thecourage and perplexed the purposes of the FederalGovernment. It is the bane of our existence at a nation.It is the upas tree which at the South has almostkilled democracy and love for free institutions,and whose shadow has fallen banefully upon theNorth also. It is our enemies' strength and ourweakness; and self defence, the very life of our cherishedgovernment, demands that a blow be struck atthe thing itself as well at those who have fostered it.We believe, in sadness but in all earnestness, that thesuccess of our war for the Union depends upon thePresident's issuing a proclamation of emancipation toevery slave who will leave the rebels, and come withinour lines. We shall continue to fight against fearfulodds until this is done. Congress has seen the necessityfor and has urged such a measure, and the countrywill be sadly disappointed and sorely discouragedif the President lacks the courage to take this absolutelynecessary step "There are those who will raise the cry of abolitionover such declarations. That matters little. Ourplatform is Emancipation before Disunion, and anyman who cannot stand thereon must at heart be asympathizer with rebellion and secession. Events,though it may not be generally known, say clearlythat this issue it at hand, and we unhesitatingly putourselves on the side of emancipation. What honestand true patriot would do otherwise? We trust thatthe President will not unnecessarily lose a day inhurling this weapon at the rebels" Emancipation before Disunion 

 ☞ANDREW T. FOSS, an Agent of the MassachusettsA. S Society, will lecture upon Slavery, the War, andEmancipation, at Stoneham, Sunday, Aug. 3. 

 ☞K.H. HEYWOOD will speak at East Princeton,Sunday, Aug. 3d, at 10 1-2, A.M., and 1, P.M. 

 ☞ANTI-SLAVERY CONVENTION FOR. WORCESTERCOUNTY.—There will be a Mass Convention of thefriends of Freedom, to consider the momentous issues ofthe present hour, in Leominster, on Sunday, the 10th ofAugust, to continue through the day and evening. Furtherparticulars next week. 

 ☞MERCY B. JACKSON, M.D., has removed on695 Washington street, 2d door North of Warren. Particularattention paid to Diseases of Women and Children. Reference.—Lather Clark, M.D.; David Thayer, M.D.Office hours from 2 to 4, P.M. Reference. 

 ☞MARY WATERS (formerly a slave) Is well recommendedat being capable, intelligent and deserving.She desires employment in washing and in ironing, housecleaning,&C., and does other housework satisfactorily.Any who will give her work wilt be conferring a kindness,as her regular employers are out of town, and she is verydestitute, being left with four small children. She residesat 29 Anderson Street, formerly West Centre, Boston. ARY ATERS 

 MARRIED—in this city, July 29, at the Joy StreetChurch, by Rev. J. Sells Martin, Mr. THOMAS M. WATERNANto Miss EVELYN E. WRIGNT. HOMAS ATERNAN VELYN RIGNT. 

 DIED—In this city, July 15, Mr. THOMAS H. SMITH,aged 53. HOMAS MITH 

 THIS School is located in the borough of Bristol, Pa.,on the Delaware River, twenty miles above Philadelphia. While the situation is pleasant and healthful, it is unsurpassedin conveniences of access, having frequent communicationswith Philadelphia by steamboat, and with thatcity and New York by railroad, which passes through thetown. The course of Instruction comprises the usual branchesof a good English Education, including History, NaturalPhilosophy, Physiology, Botany, Algebra, &C. &C. The School Year is divided into two Sessions of fivemonths, each, commencing the first Second-day of theNinth, and the first second-day if the Second month.The School is vacated during the "Christmas Holidays." TERMS Table  Table  ☞Payments one-half at the commencement, and theremainder at the middle of the Session. ☞For Circulars, and further information, apply to RUTH ANNA PHIRCE, PERSONAL ERSONAL Bristol, (Pa.) August 1, 1862. 

 Lucretia Mott. Abby Kelley Foster, Harriet Boucher Stowe, Maria Weston Chapman, Lydia Marin Child, Lucy stone, Antoinette L. BROWN. ROWN. THOSE friends who have no long been division copies ofthe above — life style,—can now to supplied, by ending that  onedollar for each copy, which will cause, their amilled, and in perfect condition.     An early application is necessary, as the  is verylimited.  ALSO, ON ,  A few copies of the original  ofWilliam Lloyd Garrison, Price, Including    WILLIAM HALL,  Boston, 211 Washington, June 6.   

 BY MRS. HENRIETTA WELLINGTON BOATE. You tell me of a bright land far over the sea,*But, ah! can you call it the land of the free?Where the image of God, for a handful of gold,Like a beast of the field, in the marketris sold—When the child from the mother's fond bosom is torn—Where the father is chained, leaving orphans forlorn—Where the maiden is bartered like merchandise ware,Then doomed to the lash and the groan of despair! *        Woe! woe to thee, fair land, far over the main!For the canker of death—dark Slavery's stain—Shall gnaw to thy vitals, while every sigh,From the victims who writhe, mounts for justice on high.    And He, the great lord of the universe wide,Shall smite thee to earth in thy strength and thy pride;For vengeance must fall for foul cruelties doneOn the beings redeemed by His own beloved Son!    The sound of the war-drum shall thrill thee at night,As thy sons and thy brothers are borne to the fight;The slave and the cotton shall stab thee with pain,And the North and the South be divided in twain—And brother' gainst brother shall strike in the fight,And battles be fought in the dead of the night,And the white maid and widow in sorrow shall mourn,And the flag of thy freedom in tatters be torn.        The North in her might like a whirlwind shall rise,And the notes of the cannon be borne to the skies;And though the warm blood of her heroes be shed,The light of her Freedom shall never be dead;The Stars and the Stripes an Excelsior shall be,Proud Liberty's banner by land and by sea;And the Union, though spurned by the slaveholders' scorn,Shall be guarded by Northmen for ages unborn.        *These lines were written in Europe, several years ago,in answer to a slave-owner's family, who invited the authoressto travel in the Southern States of America. *These lines were written in Europe, several years ago,in answer to a slave-owner's family, who invited the authoressto travel in the Southern States of America. 

 God guide the little "Contrabands,"From Slavery's chains set free!Oh, let their simple hearts pour forthIn grateful strains to Thee!Surround them with Thy mighty arms;Protect them every hour,Alike from heartless freeman's graspAnd savage master's power.        God guide the little "Contrabands"!What precious chattels they,With hearts of feeling like our own,With souls to save or slay;For them hath Freedom, sword in hand,Her banner proud unfurled,And in God's name the trembling onesLed forth before the world.        God guide the little "Contrabands"!Oh, what a fearful thought,That by the blood of noble menThose little ones are bought!Oh yes! to give them sacred homes,To soothe their hapless fate,Full many a once bright happy heartNow trembles desolate.        Full many a grief-blanched lip breathes out:Far better thus to be,Than drag, on untried virgin soil,The curse of Slavery!God guide the little "Contrabands,"Both soul and body save;For them the great of heaven and earthTheir life-blood freely gave.        Teach them to own the blessed powerThat first set bondsmen free;Teach them to sing—"We're twice redeemed—Hail, glorious liberty!"Father, ten thousand prayers ariseFrom out all Christian lands,That Thou wilt shelter, bless, and guideThe little "Contrabands"!        

 BY CAROLINE A. MASON. No sword have I, no battle-blade,Nor shining spear: how shall I aidMy country in her great crusade?   I cannot sow with gold the sod,Like dragons' teeth, and from the clodSee armed men rise, battle-shod.   I may not stand in mart or hall,And shout aloud great Freedom's call:"Come to the rescue, one and all!"   I am a woman, weak and slight—No voice to plead, no arm to fight—Yet burning to support the Right.   How shall I aid my country's cause?How help avenge her trampled laws?Alas! my woman's heart makes pause.   With oil and wine I may not goWhere wounded men toss to and fro,Beneath th' invader's hand laid low.   My little child looks up to me,And lisps a stronger, mightier plea;God wills where be is I should be.   Ah! well, I am not needed. HeWho knows my heart, perchance, for meHas other works than now I see.   "They also serve who stand and wait."Oh, golden words! and not too late:My soul accepts her bumble fate.   Content to serve in any way,—Less than the least,—if so I mayBut hail the dawning of that day   When my beloved land shall rise,And shout as one man to the skies—Lo! Freedom lives! and Slavery dies!   

 BY JOHN G. WHITTIER. Once more, O Mountains of the North! unveilYour brows, and lay your cloudy mantles by;And once more, ere the eyes that seek thee fail,Uplift against the blue walls of the skyYour mighty shapes, and let the sunshine weaveIts golden net-work in your belting woods;Smile deem in rainbows from your falling floods,And on your kingly brows, at more and eve,Set crowns of fire. So shall my soul receive,Haply, the secret of your calm and strength;Your unforgotten beauty interfuseMy common life; your glorious shapes and huesAnd sun-dropped splendors at my bidding come,Loom vast through dreams, and stretch in billowy lengthFrom the sea-level of my lowland home.               They rise before me. Last night's thunder-gustReared not in vain; for where its lightnings thrustTheir tongues of fire, the great peaks seem so near,Burned clean of mist—so starkly bold and clear—I almost pause, the wind in th' pines to hear,The loose rock's fall, the steps of browsing deer.The clouds that shattered on you slide-worn walls,And splintered on the rocks their spears of rain,Have not in play a thousand waterfalls,Making the dusk and silence of the woodsGlad with the laughter of the chasing floods,And luminous with brown spray and silver glooms;While, in the vales below, the dry-lipped streamsSing to the freshened meadow-lands again.So let me hope, the battle-storm that beatsThe land with hall and fire may pass away,With its spent thunders, at the break of day,Like last night's clouds, and leave, as it retreats,A greener earth and fairer sky behind,Blown crystal-clear by Freedom's Northern wind.                    

 Made in Music Hall, Boston, June 15 1862. Made in Music Hall, Boston, June I love this world—not only its lands which arenear, but those which an far off—not only its waterswhich I have seen, but those which I have not seen.I love its white men, and also its red and black men.To me, the world is full of attractions and endearments.Moreover, I am unconscious of enmity orprejudice against nation or individual. Not strangeis it, then, that I should be reluctant to leave theworld. Nevertheless, I am more reluctant to leaveit because of what is hateful than of what is lovely init. I would linger in it longer and yet longer to exertmore and more faithfully my infinitesimal share ofinfluence against those gigantic forms of evil whichmy observations and reflections and correspondingefforts during many years have educated my soul tohate. It is because I must leave so much which ishateful in the world to war against so much in itwhich is lovely, that I feel unready to depart from it.If in all this I betray the littleness of my faith inGod, and a foolish self-magnification also, so be it. Ihad better be frank than disguised. I shall leave an afflicted and distressed world; forwar will continue its wholesale slaughters; slavery,which is the worst type of war, will go on multiplyingits agonized victims and matchless horrors; intemperancewill not stop perpetrating its innumerablemurders, which are the worst kind of murders;land monopoly will keep on robbing the poor ofhomes; woman will continue to be cruelly and shamefullyoppressed; until, in the long distance, she shallbecome sufficiently developed to see that she is oppressed;civil government will continue its bad work,until, confined at last within its own narrow province,the beneficence of its future legitimate functionsshall exceed the mischief of its former usurpations. But there is another great evil which I shall leavein the world. It is far greater than any I havespoken of. It is the priesthood—the sacerdotal orclerical order of men. The priests, be it those ofChina, Hindostan, Arabia, Persia, Europe, America,or elsewhere, and be they however honest, are the worstenemies of mankind. They are preëminently responsiblefor all great evils; for it is they preëminentlywho keep mankind down in those false states, andupon those low planes, where ignorance and superstitionnourish and give scope to all great evils. Why is it that Spain is so far behind the othergreat European States in the march of civilization?Why is she still infested with innumerable hordes ofrobbers? Why is she still making so inconsiderablecontributions to the stock of human knowledge anduseful inventions? Why is that persecuting spirit,which, in times past, prompted her to shed the bloodof scores of thousands of conscientious and innocentworshippers, still rife within all her borders? Whydoes she still cling to slavery and the African slave-trade?It is all because her Government and peopleare still, as they have been for twelve hundred years,so thoroughly under the influence of the priests. Itwas nearly two centuries after Harvey discovered thecirculation of the blood, before her physicians wouldbelieve in it. For nearly a century, her schoolsrejected Newton's Astronomy, and clung to Aristotle'sPhilosophy; and all this for the assigned reason thatthe one did not and the other did harmonize with "revealedreligion." But the priesthood, say its advocates, is necessaryto teach religion. I admit the necessity of religion.It is the one thing needful. Man is a religiousbeing. He is made to appreciate the claims of Godand man upon him, and to love his Great Father andequal brother. Had he but remained religious, thisworld, which is now so full of guilt and misery, wouldhave been a paradise. But when he was in the infancyof his race, and was therefore ignorant, superstitionsbegan to graft themselves upon his ignorance,and to mingle with and corrupt his religion. Erelong, they were piled up into those huge structures oftheology, or rather demonology, which cast their blackand baleful shadows over earth, and leave little roomfor the sunlight of truth to reach and feed and sustainthe religion of truth. It was these superstitionswhich called for a priesthood; and to maintain andmultiply them was, and still is, its one work. So far,therefore, from its being necessary to teach and promotereligious truth, the office of the priesthood hasever been to put superstitions in the place of religion,and falsehoods in the place of truth. But Iwould not be so uncharitable and so unjust as tomake wrong motives the spring of all its wrongdeeds. In all ages, the priesthood has been deludedas well as deluding. A priesthood is not necessary to teach religion. Itis as unnecessary as would be a professorship toteach the necessity of breathing. It is not religionthat calls for a priesthood. It is such cabalisticmysteries and silly superstitions as abound in thesacred books that call for it. And the priesthoodcalls for these. They live and grow of each other.The people who are most given to these mysteriesand superstitions crave the most priests. WhereAmericans are content with one priest, Spaniardswant half a dozen. The happy man whose reasonand courage have at last worked him clear of priestlydominion has far more dread of a priest than of anyother evil-doer. He may still go to hear a Frothinghamin New York, a Furness in Philadelphia, and aChanning in Washington; but it is because they aresimply preachers, instead of technical priests. Hemay still go to hear a Beecher and a Cheever; butit is because there is so much of the unpriestly, andso little of the priestly, in them. Oh, no, religion needs not a priesthood! It is assimple and instinctive as is eating and drinking. Itis as much born with us as is our foot or hand. Fromancestral faults or other causes, our moral affectionsmay be born imperfect; so, too, may our foot or handbe. But in neither, case is our nature responsible forthe imperfection. The circulation of the blood is notmore a law of our nature than is loving all and beingjust to all. And religion is neither more nor less thanloving all, and being just to all. The priests tell us that religion is a system and ascience; but it is neither. It is our hearts' recognitionof our relations and obligations. It is simplyfidelity to our nature. Had we never deserted ournature, we should never have been irreligious; andall that religion now asks of us is but to return fromthat desertion. The religion of human nature is harmony,not only with human nature, but with all natureand with God; for every part of nature is harmoniouswith every other part of it; and all natureis in harmony with the Author of all nature. The great Teacher of the duties of religion didnot regard it as a system or a science when he askedof the unlearned people: "And why judge ye noteven of yourselves what is right?" He did not soregard it when ho said: "I thank thee, Father, Lordof heaven and earth, that Thou hast hid these thingsfrom the wise and prudent, and hast revealed themunto babes. "The wise and prudent were busy withtheir bundles of superstitious and man-made religions.The God-made or true religion "babes" had—forthey ware born with it. All are born with it; andhence, when one loses this babe-religion, he must, inorder to recover it, become a babe again. "Whosoevershall net receive the kingdom of God as a littlechild, he shall not enter therein." Did the churchesknow Jesus and his religion, how quick would theycases from their jargon about Election, Atonement,Trinity, and all that, which not only "a little child,"but even a big man, cannot understand; And howquick would they set themselves to the cultivation ofthat babe-religion, which lies within the comprehensionof all! What if miracles could be proved bythemselves, or could be proved by ought the, or whatif they could prove something also, or ever sendsalso than their own contradiction to all nature and allhuman experience! Nevertheless, they cannot beneeded to prove religion; for that, being as self evidentas any other part of human nature, needs no proof. By what time of argument is it that I held thepriesthood to be so largely responsible for the wrongsand wretchedness of the world? I answer, that thesecome chiefly of the lack of religion, and that thislack comes chiefly of the priesthood. No men are soeffective in shutting religion out of the world as theywhose calling is to build up superstition and falsehoodsin the place of religion. In all countries, thepriesthood wars upon nature, and insists that. "Nature must count her gold but drossIf she would gain the heav'nly land." In all countries, the priesthood insists that human naturemust be supplanted by another and autogeneticone; the real by the imaginary; the knows by theunknown. To get rid of the priesthood is the greatest need ofthe people. But neither soon nor easily will this heaccomplished. They are suited to each other, andhave a strong affinity for each ether. The peoplewill not get rid of the priesthood so long as they admitthe authority and conclusiveness of the Bible, theKoran, and the other sacred books, to interpret andinculcate which is the office of the priesthood. Andthey will continue to admit this authority and conclusivenessso long as they believe in the miracles bywhich these books are authenticated. Faith in miraclesis at the base of their unquestioning submission tothe Church and her books; and only in proportion asthis submission shall cease will the priesthood cease.Idle is it, then, to make direct war upon the priests;for the people will stand by them—and all the closeron account of such war. Idle, too, is it to make directwar upon the authority and infallibility of thesacred books; for so long as the people believe in themiracles bound up with these books, the books will beto them at the voice of God. The only way to get rid of the priesthood it to educatethe people to require evidence for what they believe,and to form habits of mind which shall makethem as skeptical at they now are credulous. Skepticismis the first step in the world's progress from ablind and false to an intelligent and true faith; andwhenever this first step it taken, then the occupationof the priesthood it gone—gone forever—with all itscabalisms and mysteries, mummeries and magic.Happily, too, the acquiring of these habits will be attendedby the acquisition of knowledge; and the onewill work with the other to undermine and overthrowthe priesthood. Fear and wonder are the chief elementsof superstition. These are supplied by ignorance.Courage and composure come of knowledge,and grow with it. Let it not be supposed that I amhere running counter to what I have before said, andthat I am making an increase of knowledge essentialto the understanding of what religion is. I am commendingknowledge because it is essential to clear theway of religion of the superstitions and rubbish withwhich ignorance crowds it, and which it fatally confoundswith religion. I admit that much knowledgeis essential to the preservation of religion; and it isin the point of view just taken that it is so. Thelabors in India of Schwartz, the missionary, were wonderfullysuccessful. Great numbers became truly anddeeply religious. But in the next generation, thefield of his labors showed scarce a trace of those labors.The old waves of ignorance and superstitionhad again rolled over it; for the oppressed people hadnot mind enough and knowledge enough to beat themback. And happily, too, the kind of knowledge, in acquiringwhich we are most successful in creating thesehabits of exacting proofs, it the very kind most adaptedto save religion from being confounded with superstitions,and overwhelmed by them. It is physicalknowledge. Milton would have been as clear of superstitions,and of submission to authority religions asI was Humboldt, had he acquired physical knowledgeto the extent Humboldt did; and had he, moreover,lived in Humboldt's instead of in a comparativelydark and superstitious age. The study of the naturalsciences—including as it does the habit of requiringstrict proof—constantly diminishes that credulitythrough which superstition enters, and on which itfeeds. The great reason why both naturalists andlawyers are generally wanting in sympathy with thechurches and their superstitions, and are, therefore,so generally called irreligious, is that they are habituatedto require evidence for what they believe. Forvarious reasons of convenience and advantage, manyof them give their assent to the popular religion: butthe indifference with which they do so shows how littlefaith they have in it. But are not clergymen alsotrained to exact evidence? How can it be said thatthey are, when they dispense with evidence in theirpremises, lay their foundations in assumptions, andmake miracles their proofs? I add, that the ecclesiasticaltheories, being more than other false theoriesthe product of a wild imagination, cannot fail to sufferpeculiarly from the study of the natural sciences,for that study, exercising in so high a degree the reasoningand supreme faculties, must in a correspondingdegree repress and chasten the imagination. And letme also say, in this connection, that while the mass ofmen construct their God out of their dreams and delusions,they who study the natural sciences are carriedup through certainties to the certain God. Theone imagine and the other prove the existence andcharacter of God. Natural science has already done much to weakenand dispel superstition. It has put astronomy in theplace of astrology, and made alchemy and the hunt forthe Philosopher's Stone and for the "Universal Solvent"give place to chemistry. It has liberated millionsfrom their degrading bondage to the authority ofsacred books, and left their reason as free to play uponthe pages of the Bible as upon the pages of any otherbook. It has relieved great numbers of their faith inthe Mosaic Cosmogony. To the progress of naturalscience do we owe it that the Church no longer punishesmen for their discoveries in natural science.To this progress do we owe it that, in spite of Bibleauthority, there is no more hanging of witches. Howsad to reflect that the great and good Matthew Haleadministered the law of witchcraft! And how sadto reflect that, even at this day, there are great andgood men who, because the wild and guilty wordsare in the Bible, read with reverent submission, insteadof indignation and pity, "Thou shalt not suffera witch to live!" How strong must be that yoke ofsuperstition which can humble and hold the necks ofsuch men! Ages mast pass away ere it will be brokento pieces. Scotland, dear Scotland! still superstitious,still believes in witches. And only one hundredand fifty years ago, women were hung in Englandas witches. How deplorably superstitions wasthe honest and able John Wesley! And how lowmust have been his view of the moral grandeur andexalted and precious uses of the Bible! Else hewould not have said: "The giving up of witchcraftis in effect giving op the Bible." I add, that to thisprogress of natural science do we owe it that I canspeak to you against the authority of the Bible, andyou patiently hear me—and yet neither you nor I loselife or liberty for oar presumption. There may be many astrologists and geologists whofrom one consideration and another consent to goalong with the churches. But probably there is noton the whole earth one eminent geologist or astronomer,who entertains an undoubting faith in miracles,or in anything which rents upon mere authority, andis unsusceptible of proof. To every profound naturalphilosopher, a prayer for wet weather or dry is,notwithstanding the conditions on which Solomontold God to give rain, and notwithstanding the recordedsuccess of Elijah in opening and shuttingheaven, an absurdity, and the offspring of superstition.Eclipses are no longer a terror to Christendom,And deprecations of them no longer a part of herprayers. But men instructed in natural science believethat meteorology is as much governed by unchangeablelaws as are the motions of the planets. Icannot doubt that meteorology is yet to be to successfullystudied that the coming weather will be calculatedlike the coming eclipse;—not, indeed, with asentire, but nevertheless with sufficient accuracy. Andby the way that an advance it will be in earthlycomforts and blessings, and how for surprising inusefulness any of the wonderful discoveries and inventionsof this age, when the farmer, learning fromthe philosopher the character of the coming season,shall know what king of need he had best-cast intothe ground!—and when, too, the mariner shall, bythe help of the philosopher, know with what weatherto lay his account. We owe much to science; butout posterity will owe more. I hope it is not inferred from what I have said thatI do ant believe in prayer. I must cases to believe inhuman nature ere I can cases to believe in prayer.There is not on earth a more unnatural man than theprayerless man. Want, fear and love urge men asnaturally to the Heavenly Parent as they do childrento the earthly parent. Emphatically and beautifullynatural was Cornelius, who "prayed to God always."There is nothing, in the bringing about of which menhave or can have an agency, for which they shouldnot at all times be ready to pray. Prayer for the cropis rational; but prayer for or against rain is as irrationalas would be prayer for or against an eclipse.Prayer for a safe voyage in rational. It is, amongother things, a prayer for self-possession, wisdom,skill, on the part of the navigator. But prayer for thisor that wind is irrational. Let, then, all those who would help clear the way forthe spread, or rather for the restoration of religion—whether to clear it of the priests and of their sort ofchurches, or of the preposterous and reason-insultingclaims set up for the sacred books, or of any other obstructions—let them go to work to deepen the studyand diffuse the knowledge of the natural science.How soon would the priests disappear were there anadequate supply of able lecturers on natural philosophy,and a public ear educated to hear them! Howsoon then would the way be prepared for thepreachers of the religion of nature and reason totake the place of the priests! Had we a thousandAgassizes and Mitchells to deliver the lectures, theempire of American superstition would soon totter toits fall. All natural philosophers should feel it to betheir noblest mission and highest obligation to drivesuperstitions and faith in miracles and priestly preachingsout of the world; and to drive them out chieflyto the end of getting them out of the way of religion. I would not have it inferred from my praises of naturalscience that I set the intellectual above the moral.I hold the moral to be supreme, and the intellectual tobe out its servant. Buckle, in his wondrously learnedand grand writings on civilization, holds that "intellectualexcellence" is more productive of "real good"than is "moral excellence"; and he holds this for thereason that while intellectual knowledge is ever increasing,the great moral truths, such as doing good toothers, loving your neighbor as yourself, and forgoingyour enemies, are not added to, and are the samethat they always have been. I answer, that they needneither multiplication nor change. They but need tobe more faithfully applied. And when, with the helpof increased "intellectual excellence," and the freedomfrom bigotry and superstition coming of it, theyshall be applied a thousand fold more effectively, itwill then be seen that "intellectual excellence" is notof more value than "moral excellence"; or, in otherwords, that the head is not more important than theheart. An old moral truth may have such great valuethat the more faithful and able enforcing of it shallmake it worth more than numberless great intellectualdiscoveries. If Buckle means only, as perhaps hedoes, that hitherto "moral excellence" has done lessthan "intellectual excellence" for mankind, I amnot disposed to dissent from him. But it mutt be understoodthat such "moral excellence" has beenlargely made up of superstitious trash, and that the"intellectual excellence" to make the discriminationhas been lacking. But I must pass on to notice some of the inquiriesthat will grow out of this Discourse. Will there, when the priests are gone, be still a demandfor preaching? Oh yes, greater than ever! Willthey, like the priests, spend the time in telling their hearerswhat religion is? O no; a minute in a month will sufficefor that! In a dozen words they can say thatloving God supremely, and our neighbor as ourself;or, more briefly, that being true to ourself; or, stillmore briefly, that being ourself, is religion. But thequestion remains, What will they preach? They willpreach duties. They will tell their hearers what religioncalls for in the heart and life. This is whatmen need to hear, instead of sermons to show that religionconsists in this and that doctrine, and in thisand that crotchet. Why do thousands flock to hearHenry Ward Beecher? It is not only nor mainly becausehe is so eloquent and so marvellously gifted. Itis because he tells his hearers so much of what religioncalls for, and consumes so little of their time with thosefanciful and superstitious creeds which with moat personsmake up both warp and woof of religion. Themen who most love to see the noble Cheever strikehis gigantic blows for freedom give no credit for themto his ecclesiasticism; but they give it all to his religion,or, in other words, to his love of God and man. Will there, when the priests are gone, be still a demandfor preaching? Willthey, like the priests, spend the time in telling their hearerswhat religion is? What will they preach? And what shall we do for churches when the present onesshall have died out with the priests? We shall have infinitelybetter; for we shall then have churches inwhich reason will do as much to enlighten and elevateas superstition does in the present churches to darkenand degrade. And what shall we do for churches when the present onesshall have died out with the priests? And what will become of the Bible when men shall ceaseto take it as an authority, and to worship it as a fetish,and to possess and prize it as a charm or amulet? Ratherask what will become of it in the mean time and duringthe superstitious regard for it? For there is no littledanger that an age of growing intelligence, disgustedwith the exaggerated claims for the Bible, will rejectit. But when this book shall, like any other book,be submitted to human judgment, and men shall feelat liberty to discriminate between the merits of its differentparts—as, for instance, between the incrediblestory of Jonah and the whale, and the felt truth of theSermon on the Mount—then will it be a new and aninestimable blessing. When they shall feel entirelyfree to accept one part of it and reject another, on thesole ground that they believe in the one part and notin the other, then will the Bible exert a power infinitelygreater than before—and a power for good only,and not, as before, for evil also. When the matchlessinspirations sad sublimities of the Bible shall standno longer in authority and superstition, but in reasonand truth only, then they will no longer be made ofbut the same account with the false and foolish thingsmixed up in the same pages with them. And thenthe reader of the Bible will open his understanding andhis heart to these inspirations and sublimities all themore freely and widely from being, no longer underthe conscious obligation to accept along with them thesilly story of the dry path through the Red Sea, andthe revolting and disgusting stories of God's approvalof polygamy, and of the murder of innocent womenand children. Now, good men feel that they wouldlose the Bible, were they to lose their confidence inthe least part of it. But then they would feel thatthey still have the Bible, notwithstanding that hereand there are passages unworthy a place in it. And what will become of the Bible when men shall ceaseto take it as an authority, and to worship it as a fetish,and to possess and prize it as a charm or amulet? Luther and his fellow-reformers nobly stood forthfor the right of private judgment. What a pity thatthey and their successors were not more consistently,comprehensively and perseveringly faithful to it?Then had Protestation been the blessing and gloryof the whole earth. But, essentially, it soon sunkdown to the low level of Roman Catholic superstitions—and there it still lies. With no more impunitycan the American Protestant than the AmericanCatholic dissent from the ecclesiastical standards.For such dissent the one is hurled out of the churchas quickly as the other. The Protestant beset of theright of private judgment is utterly groundless.Every authority religion is necessarily incompatiblewith such right. It is owing to the progress of scienceand civilization—a progress continually resistedby ecclesiasticism—that either Protestantism or Catholicismis this day restrained from repeating its bloodyand enormous crimes. the superstitious religionist—or, in other words, he who receives his religionupon authority—tolerates no dissent from his religion.If in the circumstances and under the influencesthat Calvin was, he will, like, Calvin, consentto the burning of the dissenter. All this comes ofthe belief that his whole bundle of religions views andtheories—every line and letter in it—is certainlytrue, because certainly attested by the miraculous interpositionof Heaven. But how quickly this obstinate—obstinate because blind—confidence begins toruler when the rays of reason and knowledge fall uponhis bundle! And this is not only because the raysreveal his errors, but because reason and knowledgeare as modest and hesitating as superstition and ignoranceare conceited and degrantizing. Reason andknowledge are conscious of their fallible working;and therefore do they tolerate differences of opinion.They inspire diffidence so much as ignorance doespositiveness. As a general rule, men are confidentin proportion to their ignorance and unreasonableness,and lose their confidence as they advance is knowledgeand reasonableness. It is not because of his zealthat a good man sinks into s fanatic. Zeal in a goodcause cannot be excessive. The opponent of slaveryand intemperance cannot be too zealous. It is thecombination of ignorance with seal that makes thefanatic. Enlighten the ignorance, and the conceit anddogmatism, bigotry and intolerance, recklessness anddestructiveness, of which fanaticism is compounded,all pass away. I value the Bible above every other book; I wouldnot exchange it for all other books; and yet I am freeto say that a man had better throw away the Biblethan retain it as an authority. A conventional andfalse morality is the product of authority books andauthority religions. Hence it is that while the religionof nature and reason utterly and sternly forbidsslavery and war, land monopoly and the drinking ofintoxicating liquors, and the oppressions of woman,even very religious people (after the ecclesiasticaltype) can go for them all. Their morality is as unreasonableand unnatural as is their religion. Finally, what will become of Jesus when the age ofsuperstition shall be past, and the priesthood and the authorityof the Bible shall be so more? I answer, thatwhen mea shall cease to degrade him by childishlythinking either the better or the worse of him for themiracles and superstitions connected with his name,then win Jesus have in their eyes a new preciousnessand, a far higher glory. When their great use of himshall be to study him in the light of those wondrouswords in which he spake as never man spake, thenwill this sublimest and veriest God-man be known inall the earth, and his name everywhere be full ofpower and blessedness and salvation. Oh, fear notthat the interest in Jesus will decline as the religion ofnature shall prevail! He who is the model and perfectionof human nature cannot fail to become dearerto men as they become less superstitious and unnatural,more reasonable and natural. Finally, what will become of Jesus when the age ofsuperstition shall be past, and the priesthood and the authorityof the Bible shall be so more? I close with reaffirming the supreme importance ofreligion. I refer not to the next life; that is but thecontinuation of this; and we begin there just wherewe leave off here. If we are upon low planes here,we shall enter upon low planes there. If here wesustain high relations to wisdom and goodness, weshall there also. It is to the uses of religion for thislife that I refer—for this life, in which we have seenand proved it to be the great balance-wheel, withoutwhich all falls into disorder, confusion and ruin; inwhich we have seen and proved it to be the strongesttie between human hearts, and the only tie betweenhuman hearts and God's heart. Painful is it to reflecthow religion has been hindered and held back by superstitionsand its priesthoods. But joyful is it to seethat knowledge, which is as fatal to superstition andits priesthoods as they are to religion, is at last beginningto spread in such forms of certainty and commonsense and practical usefulness, as warrant the beliefthat it will surely, though it may be but slowly,cover and bless the whole earth. 

 We remember only one really able defender ofslavery in the abstract Mr. Calhoun brought a giganticintellect to the service of error, and did for apatent political mistake all that great intellectualpowers and an iron will could do for it. But whenhe died, he left no successor. Puny public men babbledweak parodies of his reasoning, or more safelyensconced themselves behind his ipse dixit. We regardwith what we believe to be just contempt, thelame and lamentable perversions of Scripture withwhich the pro-slavery Doctors of Divinity have benumbedthe minds and hearts of their bearers; forthe inexorable logic of facts has silenced their sanctifiedprattle forever. The men who now defendslavery are of quite another class—bloated brawlersof the bar-rooms, who blaspheme and quote the Biblein one drunken breath—half-witted whites, whoif they could possibly have an opinion would sell itfor a glass of grog and a pound of tobacco—lazywomen who shrink from domestic toil as from a dailytorture and degradation—bull-dog overseers bestializedto the low level of their vocation; wholesaleand retail dealers in human flesh: these are the passionate,voluble, unreasoning and bigoted advocatesof slavery, as of something in itself intrinsically beautiful.The day of their domineering and of theirascendancy in Southern society is passing away instorm and blood. They still crawl about in theslime and smear of their system, as hideous monsterscrept to and fro over the earth half created. Theyhave taken the sword, and when, in fulfilment ofan eternal law, they have perished by the sword,there will be no new hybrids to fill their placein the regenerated republic. They will disappear,and with them that semi-barbarous system of espionageand intimidation which has too long made slaverya thing exempt from discussion and question.They have themselves taken off the taboo, and therewill be none left weak enough to do the discreditedidol reverence.—N.Y. Tribune. ipse dixit. N.Y. Tribune. 

 If a crew mutiny and convert a merchant vesselinto a pirate ship, does the owner who captures theship, hangs the crew, and returns the vessel to thepurposes of a lawful commerce, destroy or injure thevessel? So with the ship Constitution, Old Ironsides.The slaveholders have converted it into aslave pirate ship. All that we propose is to pulldown their buck and bloody flag, throw overboardtheir manacles and handcuffs, hoist the flag of Liberty,freight it with human rights, and return it to thepathway where the fathers launched it, to sail evermoreon a voyage of Freedom. It is no sufficientreply to this, that there are vested rights whichemancipation would interfere with, or destroy. Hadnot the people of Rome a right to drain the PontineMarshes, whose malarious exhalation nightly roseand spread over the city, bearing sickness and deathto its households, although it might interfere withthe water-lots of frog-breeders and snake-fanciers?The health of the city was of more consequencethan the vested rights of the reptile-mongers thatJived on the margin of the immense bog. I beg toknow just how sacred this right of enslaving men is.I desire to understand its height and depth, its lengthand breadth. At what graduated point on the scaleof sacred and precious things does it stand? Is itas sacred as property? The people will have givena thousand millions of property before this struggleis over, a free will offering, to save the country.Business prostrated, the affluent reduced to beggary,bankruptcy whack no skill could foresee and no sagacityavoid, submitted to, uncomplainingly, for thesake of the country. It can almost be said of thecommercial community of our great cities, as it wasof the early Christians—they took the spoiling oftheir goods joyfully—the one for Christ's sake, andthe other for their country's sake. And now, is this unholy thing, slavery, more sacredthan all these? Shall property vanish, thedeed he poled in hecatombs on the field of slaughter,parental hearts pierced with arrows of anguish;wife, sister and betrothed stricken with grief; andyet the clutch of the enslaver remain unrelaxed, andthe fell Destroyer who has caused all this waste ofproperty and life, all this mental and heart suffering,be left unmolested! It cannot be. We are notthus bereft of reason. I have no patience withthese who enshrine this stupendous crime, and surroundit with the sanctity of and idol, and say, Let italone—Great is Diana of the Ephesians! Great isAmerican Slavery! OWEN LOVEJOY. WEN OVEJOY. 

 BY LIEUT. GENERAL T. PERRONET THOMPSON. The pro-slavery reporters who write in Americafor the English market, say American officers wouldnot like being employed to discipline black troops.If there are any such, they are scant furnished withthe instincts of their calling, and had better put themselves apprentices to be drivers on a planetariumLet them be fully assured, nobody will miss them.A man with the spirit of an officer jumps at the newand untried, as what will give him opportunities fordistinction; and if the question were asked to-marrow,two out of three below the rank of general officerwould volunteer to teach dark limbs and muchto do a day's duty in the sun on outpost as well asin the cotton-field. In fact, there are peculiar advantages for some descriptionsof military necessities, in this descriptionsof strong sinews and willing hearts, by leaders ofgreater acquaintance with the actual conduct of warTo pass over an infinity of other examples. It wasparticularly obvious in India, before the treacherousdestruction of the Native army for ulterior purposeThe Sepoy might not be the instrument for heavyblows, or what militarists call the marteau (hammerof war; but he did a great deal of the hard work inthe sun, and so enabled others to act their parts.Having no high opinion of his own knowledge, hisideas were centred in submission to his white canmander, and he was the type of ready obedience aall matters of detail. Such was the Sepoy till Europeantreachery laid bold of his dislike to port tobreak up the Native army, and seize the land whenwas at the bottom of the move. In a considerablecourse of out-post duty with Native troops the writernever met with but one instance, where a securein the field had left his post to look after his bloodlessmeal; and had, consequently to be given up tohis Adjutant, with a recommendation to frightenhim within an inch of his life, and then send him ithis duty. marteau In these days of extended knowledge, it wouldimply an ignorance inexcusable of what is and hasbeen, if any responsible statesman general mostengage in a campaign in what approaches to a trop country, without employing a force raised fromthe habitual laborers on the soil. He might as wellset the Members of Congress to hoe on a cottonplantation, and turn up his eyes in dismay when wefound the concern was bankrupt: or a blackmanto work at his anvil, without condescending to buthis iron with tongs. There is a way to do things,and a way not; and those who take the latter, mustlay in a stock of philosophy to endure the consequences. without employing a force raised fromthe habitual laborers on the soil. But a point not to be ignored is that, without unjust disparagement to anybody, the African bloodstands high in the qualities that make a soldier. thisis spoken from acquaintance with it in its own country,and out. An African regiment, well led wanthave the same kind of qualities as a French:—great elanor spring, as the military phrase is, and a light-heartedness which, as the song says, would go therethe world, either with or without the adjuncts is theway of apparel that were present to the poet's eyeIt does not require book-learning to make a grenadier.It is to be feared that the men of Arcola weresadly behindhand in their Sept Peches Mortels.There is not a man who insults Heaven by a prayerfor slavery, but knows an African can be both braveand faithful. In the engraving of Bunker Hillfrom an American artist, from which Englishmentake their ideas of American battles, an Africashowing fight for his fallen master, is evidence thatin that hour his assistance was not despised. Is Americavulgarized since, and does it take its cue fromSouthern slave-breeders and English amateurs. the African bloodstands high in the qualities that make a soldier. thisis spoken from acquaintance with it in its own country,and out. great elan Sept Peches Mortels. More of the uncertainties of war—or more properly,its certainties—for those who insist on tyingup one arm. When the man has bad enough ofthis, he will perhaps consent to use the arms whichHeaven has given him.—Bradford(Eng.) Advertiser. Bradford(Eng.) Advertiser. 

 "WE KNOW NOT WHERE ELSE SO MUCH AUTHORITICINTELLIGENCE OF THE REBELLION CAN TAINED." E KNOW NOT WHERE ELSE SO MUCH AUTHORITICINTELLIGENCE OF THE EBELLION CAN TAINED.  "NO OTHER WORK POSSESSES THE VALUE WORK OF REFERENCE." O OTHER WORK POSSESSES THE VALUE WORK OF REFERENCE.  IT IS RELIABLE, COMPLETE, AND DESIRABLE.  EDITED BY FRANK MOON DITED BY Is the only publication which gives the HISTORY OFTHE GREAT STRUGGLE FOR FREE GOVERNMENTNOW GOING ON IT IS A RECORD WHICH THE COURTS, THE DEPARTMENTSAND THE PRESS quote as the It appeals to the intelligence of every citizen ference to it, every person can be fairly and posted up in relation to this   IT CONTAINS,—I., The Causes of the Great Struggle and the Great lessbefore the Country, BY EDWARD EVERETT II. Commencing with the meeting of the South Carolina invention,Dec. 17th, 1860—giving, in the form of ry,a concise, succinct, and truthful history of someevent as it occurs.  III. CONSISTING OF ALL THE OFFICIAL REPORTS OF BATTLES, SKIRMI&C., MESSAGES AND PROCLAMATIONSOF THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATESSPECIAL ORDERS, &C. &C.  NITED STATES GRAPHIC ACCOUNTS of the Movements of Troops.IMPORTANT SPEECHES AND LETTERS, from Men, North and South.  PICTURESQUE NARRATIVES, (from eye-witness)of the GREAT BATTLES, SECESSION ORDINANCES,MESSAGES, PROCLAMATIONS, &C. IV. Rumors, Incidents, Patriotic Songs and Illustrated with correct Portraits, engraved on NOTABLE MEN OF THE TIME, AND WITH MAPS ANDDIAGRAMS OF THE PLANS OF BATTLES   Is publishing in PARTS, each Part Illustrated withTWO FINE PORTRAITS. 50 cents each ALSO, IN VOLUMES Six Parts, with Copious Index, comprise of volume. NOW READY, VOLUMES ONE, TWO AND THREE Bound in cloth, $3,75 each; sheep. $4 00; half or half calf antique, $5 00 each.  Sold EXCLUSIVELY by Canvassers and Agents, is most publishingin Nov. at 25 cents each. Each number illustratedwith a Portrait on steel.  Agents wanted, to whom liberal be given.   ☞Copies of the REBELLION RECORD is Parts ofin Volumes, will be sent, free of expense, on receipt of Sent in registered letters, the publisher will be responsiblefor all remittances.  ☞Clubs will be supplied at the following ratesFIVE COPIES of each volume, in semi-monthly monthly Parts, to one address, or separately, THE COPIES, Parts, to one address, or separately, Remittances must be sent in registered letters, otherwisethe Publisher will not be responsible, and in current  IVE OPIES   HE OPIES   G.P. PUTNAM, Publisher,532 BROADWAY, New York ROADWAY C.T. EVANS, GEN. AGENT. EN. GENT. 

