 In the Massachusetts House of Representation, onSaturday, Mr. P.W. Chandler, of Boston from thecommittees on Federal Relations, reported leave towithdraw on the petition of James Fernaid and othersof Rockport, for a law forbidding any more personsof under color from coming into the State. The Reportis in the following words:— "The petitioners, who are 'citizens and legal votersin the town of Rockport, in the country of Essex;respectfully pray your honors to pass a law forbiddingany more persons of color from coming intothe Stats of Massachusetts to become citizens of theState." No facts are set forth in the petition; no reasonsare assigned, and no person has appeared before theCommittees on behalf of the petitioners. Nor are weaware of the particular 'color' which is objected to,or what precise shade calls for the interposition ofthe General Court; and there has been no evidenceoffered as to the complexion of the petitioners themselves. If the term used is intended to include copper coloredpersons, like Malaya or Chinese, or any nativesof distant countries, perhaps the fact that our ships arefinding it too difficult at present to obtain cargoes orpassengers, or to navigate the seas at all, may relievethe petitioners from any present alarm on this score,although they may justly perhaps feet some degree ofapprehension for a new species of copperheads whichare nearer home. If, again, the term is meant to includepersons of African descent, in the SouthernStates, they seem too busy just now in aiding theirowners to raise corn and wheat and cotton, and inbuilding forts, to give us much uneasiness as to anydanger of their 'becoming citizens of this State.' The Committee think it will be safe to delay actionon this matter at least until the next General Court.If we were not of that opinion it might be necessaryto consider some of the legal, moral and constitutionaldifficulties which would prevent the legislation askedfor. The colonists of Massachusetts early claimed theright to exclude 'persons of (any) color' from herlimits who were objectionable, on account of their religiousor political opinions. They frequently exercisedthis power, both by general laws and by specialorders, in individuate instances. They even inflictedthe punishment of death an persons who insisted uponreturning after banishment; and they found themselvesinvolved in embarrassments, by this course oflegislation, as unexpected as they were trying, on accountof the pertinacious conscientiousness of a 'peoplecalled Quakers.' Their descendants are not accustomedto dwell on those things with any greatcomplacency, and are not particularly desirous of givingthem remarkable prominence in political discussionsor historical essays. Our ancestors were actuated by conscientious motivesin what they did, and they acted up to the lightof that age. The obnoxious precisions were repealed,and the General Court thought it necessary to make adeclaration on the subject, which was sent to thetowns. "A man that hath children and family, ' theysay, ' both justly may, and in duty ought to preservethem of his charge, as fir as he is able, from the dangerouscompany of persons infected with the plagueof pestilence, or other contagious, noisome and mortaldiseases; and if such persons should offer to intrudeinto the man's house, amongst his children andfamily, could any one doubt but the father might withstandsuch intrusion? Therefore, might not magistratesdo the like for their subjects, to keep out moral infection?' This reads fairly, but did not work well when incorporatedinto legislation, as certain theories in mechanicsare seldom practically true on account of the allowanceto be made for friction But the colorists never troubled themselves to excludepersons on account of the color of their skins, iftheir souls were white. On the contrary, they eagerlywelcomed whole cargoes of people from Guinea itself,some of the descendants of whom are now respectablecitizens. At a comparatively recent period, namely, in 1788,it was provided buy law that' no person being an Africanor Negro, other than the subject of the Emperor ofMorocco, or a citizen of some one of the United States,(to be evidenced by a certificate from the Secretary ofthe State of which he shall be a citizen,) shall tarrywithin this Commonwealth for a longer time than twomouths.' It is a significant fact, that the legislature ofthis Commonwealth, within a mouth after the ratificationof the Constitution of the United States, expresslyrecognized the fast that persons of African descentmight be citizens of the States, and entitled to all theprivileges as such within this Commonwealth. Thedoctrine that such persons were not and could not becitizens under that Constitution did not obtain in Massachusettsseventy years ago." 

 Extract from a letter recently received from an oldand beloved Anti Slavery coadjutor in Lawrence:— "Kansas, for the past two years, would furnish aninstructive page in history. A majority of her people,a part from prejudice and hatred, and many frompolicy, were determined to prevent blacks from settlingin the State. Thousands of her population rushedto arms at the commencement of the war, and acontinued drain has been going on to fill up the decimatedranks. All the border counties of Missourihave been despoiled, as were the Egyptians of old. All the slave population, (men, women end children,)horses, mules, cattle of every description, householdgoods and all moveable property, have flowed inone continual stream into title State, spreading overevery county, supplying the labor that the demands ofthe war had made upon her citizens. The contrastpresented by this emigration to that of the BorderRuffians in 1855-6, has produced a great change inpublic sentiment. The blacks, far the meet part,were gladly welcomed, and they seemed most naturallyto step into their appropriate places. Farmersand mechanics were greedily sought after, and thoughthey came by tens and fifties and hundreds, in an incrediblyshort space of time; they would be comfortablysettled and at work as old residents. From thewindow where I sit writing, I era ate the log-housesof three or four families, (one of ten children,) whoare cultivating my neighbors' farms on shares, anddoing well. When the proprietor of the form findsteams, implements of husbandry, seed, &C., he givesthe cultivator one third of the produce. If the cultivatorfinds tenses and means, he takes two thirds, andthe proprietor one third. They are a quite, peaceableand industrious people, eager to learn, and havealready lived down a world of prejudice and opposition.Save here and there a pro-slavery successionDemocrat, who objects to his children going to schoolwith a nigger, (as he terms them,) we should stagnatefor want of agitation. In Lawrence, they have builta brick school and meeting house, have already boughthouse-lots, and are building and preparing to build,and have considerable some of money at ten per cent.interest with Messrs. Simpson Brothers. In a word,they have more than verified the most sanguine anticipationsof their friends, and put to open shame theirenemies." 

 ☞TERMS—Three dollars per annum, in advance. ☞Four copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS if payment is made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected (POST PAID) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements of a square and ever inserted threetimes at five cents per line; less than a square, 75 centsfor three insertions. Yearly and half yearly advertisementsinserted on reasonable terms. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, be are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz:—WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, EDMUNDJACKSON, and WILLIAM L. GARRISON, JR. ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON ILLIAM ARRISON R. 

 A RETURNED FUGITIVE SLAVE AGAIN FREE—Thomas Sims, who was returned form Boston in1851 to his master in Generic, under the FugitiveSlave Law, arrived in Boston on Thursday of lastweek, with his family. He came direct from Vicksburg,where he had been employed as a bricklayer,having escaped from that city about shone works agoto General Grant's lines in a dugout, with his wife,child and four colored men. ETURNED UGITIVE LAVE AGAIN REE Two of the men who camped from Vicksburgwith Sims found employment on Petter's first althoughoffered passes to the North. One came toNew York, and the fourth, as intelligent young fellow,accompanied him to this city. The fugitives brought with them a few householdtreasures, keepsakes of friends, and daguerreotypepictures of dear reintines, still in headings but whenthey hope soon to great as free. The life of Sims, with the story of his treatmentsince takes duck to slavery, would make an interestingstory, and probably it will be published in a smallvolume, at an early day—Boston Transfer. Boston Transfer. 

 "I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that militaryauthority takes, for the time, the place of all municipalinstitutions, and SLAVERY AMONG THE REST;'and that, under that state of things, as far from its beingfree that the States where slavery exists have the exclusivemanagement of the subject, and only the PRESIDENT OFTHE UNITED STATES, but the COMMANDOR OF THE ARMY,HAS POWER TO ORDER THE UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATIONOF THE SLAVES..... From the instantthat the slaveholding States become the theatre of a war,CIVIL, servile, or foreign, from that instant the war powersof CONGRESS extend to interference with the institution ofslavery, IN EVERY WAY IN WHICH IT CAN BE INTERVENTIONSWITH, from a claim of indemnity for slaves taken or destroyed,to the cession of States, burdened with slavery, toa foreign power.... It is a war power. I say it is a warpower; and when your country is actually in war, whetherit be a war of invasion or a war of insurrection, Congresshas power to carry on the war, and MUST CARRY IT ON, ACCORDINGTO THE LAWS OF WAR; and by the laws of war,an invaded country has all its laws and municipal institutionsswept by the heard, and MARTIAL POWER TAKES THEPLACE OF THEM. When two hostile armies are not in martialarray, the commanders of both armies have power to emancipateall the slaves in the invaded territory."—J.G. ADAMS. RESIDENT OF NITED TATES OMMANDOR OF THE RMY ONGRESS DAMS. 

 WAR INTELLIGENCE. From every quarter of thegreat battle-field the intelligence is of a cheering nature.Gen. Banks with his forts life achieved annualvictory at Bethel Place and Franklin, killing andwounding many of the rebels, capturing some thousandsand forcing the enemy to destroy ten steamboatsand two large gunboats—including immenseof provisions, 20,000 pounds of bacon, and 1000cases of ammunition—&C. &C. 

 By Rev. PRESIDENT LORD, D.D. OF DARTMOUTH COLLEGE. RESIDENT ORD F ARTMOUTH OLLEGE. To The Editor of the Boston Courier: To The Editor of the Boston Courier: When an abolitionist justifies the now proclaimedpolicy of the Administration, he takes the groundthat slavery is the cause of the war, and that eitherthe government or slavery must be destroyed. Burthe government must not be destroyed: thereforeslavery must be abolished. His first fallacy consistsin a begging of the question, and his second in a deceptivesubstitution of terms—the government forits administration. His slavery denies the assumption that slaveryis the cause of the war any more than that law isthe cause of transgression, or the money of the way-landtraveler the cause of his robbery or murder.An antecedent is not necessarily and morally a cause.He affirms, on the contrary, that abolitionism is thethe causative antecedent of the war, and will be fatal tothe government if its distinctive policy be carriedon. But government must be sustained, and thereforeall good citizens must think, and speak, andvote, in the exercise of their constitutional freedom,so as to secure, it that be possible, a better administrationof it. There is a very considerable issue. As thing noware, it is of great consequence that the people towhom the government belongs should look well intothe dispute. Otherwise, they may lose their inheritancewithout knowing it, and reparation may beimpossible. A government, like a house, is moreeasily demolished than rebuilt. Some of us, Mr. Editor, who hold no office, andpublish no paper, and have no intention of doingeither, have, so far, a fair claim to be heard in respectto the controversy which is now going on.Besides, we have somewhat carefully studied theabolitionists, whose doctrine the present recognizedagents of the people are about to carry out in theiradministration of affairs. We can speak advising. Our method is historical, which is best adapted tothe occasion. Man may speculate about slavery andits relations indefinitely, and be no wiser. The doctrineof that fashion every where disagree as to its origin,its nature, its design, its genius and spirit, itspolitics ethics and theology, its science and literatureand manners. Since this war began, we haveread many ingenious discussions of the subject fromlearned jurists, statesman, divines, but only to perceivehow they have multiplied confusions. Thewriters have looked out from their respective differentstandpoints, and reasoned in evident subserviencyto their different idols more numerous thanBoston has described, till they have bewildered themselvesand—which is worse—the innocent but unconsciouspublic. An epidemic mental disease isconsequently settled upon us. We wait for someraised and concentrated solvent to digest alltheir respective varieties of wisdom before a panaceathan be found. Then, however, the poor, afflictedpatient may be beyond recovery. Doubtless the only sufficient solvent of all our intellectualcrudities is revelation. But we fear thepatient is too far gone already, to bear a spirit raisedso much above the natural. We must content ourselveswith what is next best—history. That givesyou the wisdom of God in his moral providence, andwe know that may be of great consequence in defaultof more spiritual enlightenment. We find that, before the era of abolition, thiswhole country enjoyed remarkable union, peace, andprosperity for half a century. Its general officerswere chosen with reference to no sectional peculiaritiesbut as representatives of parties indiscriminatelyexpressed over all the States. No considerablenational dispute arose in the Congress, but such as out of natural diversities of physical condition.Tariffs internal improvements, bounties, and thelike, suggested and exhausted controversy. The produced was hardly more than enough to proa healthy intellectual activity, and check thebad tendencies of appropriating majorities. So farthere was but little difference between Northern andSouthern politicians, in the spirit with which theycontended, or the expedients which they adopted.It would have been difficult, and of little consequencea moral point of view, to strike a balancebetween them. Neither the logic of statesmen, northe craft of politicians, could have awakened dangerouspersonal or sectional animosities, or disturbedconstitutional relations, so long as they oversteppednot the limits of expediency, and affected no moralcontrol of the public mind. Calhoun and Websterat the head, or such men as Brooks and Sumner atthe tail, could never have contended greatly to thepublic detriment, till the Congress let in subjects ofdiscussion that concerned more immediately themoral government of God. That was our originalmistake, which some of the fathers had foreseen with and warnings—the common mistake of all countriesas virtue declines—of essaying, wittingly orunwittingly, to bring together what God requires usto keep asunder—the Church and the State. Tillwe made that blunder, the country was united, prosand happy. There had been no such instancein his history of the world.      If there were, before that time, any dangerousplotters against the Government, North or South, wehad no evidence of it in history. That there mayhave been men, on both sides, ready to take advantagesoccasions to exalt themselves on the ruins ofthe Republic, it is not improbable, for Americans arenot exceptions to the common law of selfishness andambition. But such men could have made no figure.The Union the Constitution and the Laws were satisfiedand the country would have rejected any conspiracyagainst them as a healthy stomach rejectspoison. Such madness could have reached no higherthan to a whiskey insurrection. We were safeand honorable till the moral balance was deranged,and the Church and State fell out of their true relationsto each other and to moral government. We were tempted, almost unconsciously, into that by introducing a moral element—slavery—into the reckoning of politics, and thereby broughtChurch and State together down to that lower level.From that time our glory has departed. Our ChristianityHas become secular, and our secular glory hasbeen dimmed in having lost the reflection of a morespiritual light. We have substituted speculation forfaith, and our speculative discussions have been degradedinto angry wranglings. We have made Godand man to exchange places. His institutes and hisconstitutions we have interpreted by the "higherlaw" of our own conceits. We have converted thesovereign law giver into a politician. We have discussedby our own standards, and determined byvote, how it is best for him to carry on his governmentof the world. We have inquired not what he willed, and said, and done, but what it is expe for him to will, and say, and do, according to a party, or a school. We have popularizedour creeds measured principles by their utilities,men by their clothes, and God himself by his supposedsubserviency to our ideas.      Let us observe the process:—The South is slaveholding.It is so constitutionally and legally. Slaveryenters into the structure of its society; not athing of accident, possibly not everywhere of preference,but an inheritance according to the commonlaw of earth,—a providential order,—without which,in view of necessarily, that is, of naturally andstatedly existing diversities of race, culture, andcondition, the social state could not have been constitutedat all, and "life, liberty, and happiness"would have been insecure to a civilized and Christianpeople who had just bought them at so great aprice. Slavery was not, indeed, the corner-stone,but the practical condition of the Union, the Constitution,and the Laws. Whatever disadvantageswere admitted to attend it, like all other institutionsadministered by men, it was held to be legitimate.It had existed in the usages of nations, for the endsof social conservatism and of moral government,since Cain was stigmatized and made a fugitive andvagabond on the earth, and Ham was consigned, inone line of his descendants, to the rule of Shem andJapheth. It was common law. It was incorporatedinto the civil institutes of Moses. It was recognizedaccordingly by Christ and his Apostles. They regulatedit by the just and benevolent precepts of theNew Testament. They condemned all intermeddlerswith it,—stub as they predicted of the lastdays of the Christian dispensation,—as "Proud,knowing nothing, but doting about questions andstrifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings,evil surmisings, perverse disputings of men of corruptminds and destitute of the truth, " from whomall Christians, and especially the pastors of the flocks,should turn away. The fathers were not remarkablyconsiderate of these things, but they were notignorant of them. They accordingly held slaveryto he exceptionable only in its abuses, and that, notwithstandingabuses, it should be left to the regulationof the States whose climate, soil, or other physicalhabitudes or conditions should lead them to retainit. It actually obtained, at the adoption of theConstitution, in all but a single State which hadearly favored the introduction of the new philosophy,and whose experience had found it to be unprofitable.Wherever it was subsequently abolished, its wantof physical adaptation and its consequent inconveniences,not its essential wrongfulness, were mainlythe reasons of its abolition. Against that, in anearlier period, Jonathan Edwards had protested, invindication of moral government; and, to assert hisChristian liberty, had bought a slave. Thoughtfulmen were not troubled by the thing itself, but onlyby its accidents. The philosophy of sentiment andromance had not then extensively infected the descendantsof the Puritans. If excitable individualsamong them had begun to feel the aura of the dawningilluminism and cosmopolitism of that period, andconsequently condemned slavery by that criterion,even they were not regardless of their plighted faith.They saw no justifiable remedy for the supposed evilbut in such amendments of the Constitution as areprovided for in that instrument itself, or in friendlyconstitutional legislation, or the insensible influenceof providential and moral causes, that could not bereckoned or compelled beforehand. So it stood,—an integral part of the best social edifice that hadever been reared by man, and contributing, in itsown constituted order, to an unexampled prosperity.So it stood,—an occasion, indeed, of many wrongsand sufferings such as are incident to earth, but alsoof invaluable and otherwise impossible benefits to adegraded people, thereby brought nearer to theusages of civilized life, and, in as great proportion asour own citizens, into fellowship with the church ofGod. aura So it stood, till a generation arose that comprehendednone of these living realities, that honorednot the God of the fathers, and for his everlastingword of natural and revealed religion substituted a"higher law." Among them were born the abolitionists,who are now, officially, supreme over theland. They were, at first, a small class of speculativeenthusiasts, intoxicated by the airy pantheismof France and Germany, which had covertly breathedits spirit into the "glittering generalities" of theDeclaration of Independence, and, by that instrument,insensibly, infected the public mind. Theywere men of no mark or figure, inflated visionaries,mistaking their own fancies for another Gospel, whichis not another, destitute of all practical concern forChurch or State, and affecting only supposable orpossible, undefined and indefinable, interests of humanityin general. But they were ambitious, insinuating,resolved, and reckless. Intent upon animaginary universal restitution, before God's appointedtime, by sweeping processes of what theycalled reform, without discrimination of time, place,age, sex, race, capacity or condition, and passionatelyheated as evils attending the ordained relations of sociallife, evils growing not out of the relations themselves,but the bad passions of our common nature—the very passions by which they were unconsciouslyinflamed—they affected to restore society by firstdestroying it, and, thenceforward, not by the renewalof individual minds according to Christianity, butby political reformations and reconstructions, accordingto their own speculative conceits. They aspiredto a millennium not of grace, but nature; not spiritualby the power of the Holy Ghost, but Platonic,according to the impulses and sentiments of the naturalmind. They pot feeling in the place of conscience.They substituted a man-God for the Godman;imaginary human rights for revealed humanduties; and the happiness of the creature for theglory of the Creator—a happiness consisting not ina spiritual likeness to God, as the Scripture has described,but in the multiplying of agreeable sensations,according to the baptized paganism of sophisticatedschoolmen. They referred their regularities ofsociety to restraints unnaturally laid by the family,the state, the church, for which they substituted amore refined free love, a self-determining will, and aliberty to enjoy whatever God and nature had putinto their hands. Such at least, was the spirit andgenius of the idolatry which at length embodied itselfin the abolitionism of the North, developingitself however, variously, according to the differenttemperaments, tastes, mental and moral habits, orthe associations and other accidental peculiarities ofthe individuals who fell into its snare. (To be concluded.) To be concluded. 

 ☞Our thousand contrabands have been sent toIsland No. 10, in the Mississippi, to cultivate the farmson that island for the Government. ☞The newly-commissioned black surgeon, Dr.Augusta Canada, appeared on the streets of Washingtonin Major's uniform. He has been assigned toUllman's Brigade. 

 It is demonstrated that the Loral Leagues cannotunits the North. What can? If the loyal leaguersare sincere in their sow of unconditional support ofthe Administration, they would of course support itif it abandoned the radical policy. It is plain, then,that the way to unite the North is for the Administrationto return to the policy of the Christendom resolution.This was the platform of the New YorkDemocracy last fall, and on this the North ought toBe united. This is common sense. It needs no argument.It commands itself to the reason of allSensible men. (!!!)—Journal of Commerce. Journal of Commerce. 

 Believing that the time has come when some permanentmeans should be adopted for aiding that unfortunate sinceof our follow-beings called Contrabands or Refugees classhave assisted ourselves together for the purpose of organizinga Home for a got colored Women and children. In the Freedom's of this city, aim is Alexander'sare numbers constantly increasing of emplaned and destitutechildren, and if inform and aged possess. Slavery byits life and in its and, has made both the nation's charge.Will the benevolent continue to cloths and the Governmentto feed these new helpless once, in the present inefficientand expensive manner, rearing the children amidst theidleness and depravities of camp life, or will they use themeans that humanity impels them to give, systematicallyfor the support and elevation of the children, and the decentmaintenance of those whose unpaid tell leaves theirlast days no resource but charity? We propose to bund an Asylum in or near this city toshelter both extremes of life. The fast that here all charitableinstitutions are blessed against the parties of our fellowbeings makes our effort doubly imperative. In the hope that national justice and charity would respondto the call and afford requisites funds to carry out ourproposed object, when apparent that the found would bejudiciously applied, we appealed to Congress for a charter,and for such aid as it could consistently give. The charterhas been promptly gives us, but present state of thenational finances renders it doubtful whether aid, at pressesavailable, will be greased. We must, therefore, rely uponindividual charity for the means necessary to inaugurateand carry out this important undertaking. Hundreds in each of these classes needing relief, are alreadycongregated in our midst. The little children sufferespecially from the crowded prime life of the camps. Themortality among them is very great. Our work should begin at once. We ask all to give ittheir earnest thought, and such response as their hearts dictate. GULIELMA BREED, Secretary. Secretary. Washington, D.C., Feb. 27, 1863. OFFICERS OF THE ASSOCIATION. Mrs. S.C. POMEROY, (Kansan,) President. OMEROY President. Mrs. E.S. GRIMES, (Iowa,) Vice President. RIMES Vice President. Mrs. M.E. WERSTER, (Washington, D.C.,) Treasurers. ERSTER Treasurers. Mrs. G. BREED, (Washington, D.C.,) Secretary. REED Secretary. Managers—Mrs. H.M. William, Massachusetts; Mrs. F.C.L. Petter, Wisconsin; Miss. M.A. Donaldson Washington,D.C.; Mrs. L. Howells, Washington, D.C.; Miss. H.Underhill, Washington, D.C.; Mrs. W.R. Johnson, Washington,D.C.; Miss A.M. Heaper, Boston, Mass.; BuilyNewland, Washington, D.C.; Mrs. Leighton, Washington. Managers Money and packages may be sent directly to the Treasurer,Mrs. M.R. WERSTER, Washington, D.C. ERSTER The following also are authorized to receive donations forthe Association:— Mrs. J.M.S. Williams, Cambridge, Mass; Miss. A.M.Heaper, Boston, Mass.; Mrs. Wm. Endicott, Jr., 10 MountVernon Street, Boston, Mass.; Mrs. Wm. Cladin, Newton,Mass.; Mrs. T.D. Eilet, Now Bedford, Mass.; Miss LydiaB. Mass, Providence, Rhode Island; Robeson C. Tutham,Anna H. Shetwell, Lucy Gibbons, New York, N.Y., Mrs.Wm. Barras, Albany, N.Y.; Mrs. Charles B.Sedgwick,Syracuse, N.Y.; Mrs. Anna Barnes, Rochester, N.Y.;Mary Murray Farris, Poughkeepsie, N.Y.; Margaret Robinson,Anna, Wharton, Philadelphia, Penn.; Mrs. Prod. J.D. Duna, New Haven, Conn.; Miss Mary Wells, Hartford,Conn.; Jacob R. Shetwell, Runway, New Jersey; LeviCoffin, Cincinnati, Ohio; Prof. John Brainerd, Cleveland,Ohio; Laura B. Haviland, Ann Arbor, Michigan; Mrs.John Hastings, San Frazzles, California. 

 THE MORAL AND SOCIAL ASPECT OF AFRICA. A lecture by a gentleman of color is a sort of a"rare bird on the earth, " and is very like a "blackswan." Rare at the thing may be, however, it isnet an impossibility, as Dr. Delaney, and a fewother men of bit blood and race, have occasionallyproved, although at wide intervals of time and space.We ought not, perhaps, to be surprised at any unusualmanifestation of talent in a negro. ToussaintL'Ouveture has redeemed the whole rare ofblacks by the magnificence of his talents and career.We do not mean to say that Dr. Delaney isa Toussaint L'Ouverture, but we do say that he is abetter specimen of his race than any we, for ourpart, have seen before, and that he is by no meansa bad lecturer. He was not ashamed, he said, to be called a negro.If curly hair and a black face helped to makea negro, then he was a negro, and a full-bloodedone at that. He had no need to be ashamed of histype or origin. He has a good head and intelligentface—just the kind of a head which a phrenologistwould tell you a man ought to have who makes naturalobservations and accumulates scientific facts. The dress which the Doctor wore on the platformwas a long dark-colored robe, with curious scrollsupon the neck as a collar. He said it was thewedding dress of a Chief, and that the embroiderywas insignia, and had a specific meaning well understoodin African high circles. He wore it becausehe thought it becoming, and fitting the occasion. He wanted to say what he knew of the negrorace, not on the coast of Africa, but of the interiorAfricans, of whom so little is known—the Africansof the Niger Valley. The audience would besurprised to hear that even the Liberians had neveruntil lately been ten miles beyond their territory;and so nothing could be expected from them. Hewas sorry to say, too, that American school-booksinculcated, notwithstanding recent discoveries, veryerroneous notions of the country, describing it assandy and barren, the soil unproductive, the airfull of pestilence, the vegetation poisonous, the veryanimals unusually ferocious. All this is more orless false, so far as the interior of Africa is concerned.He had travelled three thousand miles in thecountry, and had it in all its phases of socialand moral life. The language of a people is a goodsign of its civility; and the African language isderived from fixed roots; it is not a jargon, butabounds in vowels, and very melodious, and capableof expressing a wide range of feeling andsentiment. The people speak clearly and well,without hesitation. They are very polite, andmake numerous salutations on all occasions, at outgoingand in-coming, at bed-time, and in the morningat meals, and generally everywhere. Thestranger must not reply to each salutation, butwhen he takes his leave, he makes a long salaamby bowing his head and body, and by a peculiarintonation of the voice. The Doctor produced a grammar of the language,and made quotations from it. It was writtenby a native African, who had also composednumerous school-books, and made translations fromthe Bible. As specimens of the moral culture of the people,be read some of the African proverbs, which, thoughdoubtless original, have a peculiar Christian flavor.One of them ran very much after the style of theGolden Rule, thus: "He who injures another, injureshimself." Another reads thus: "The sworddoes not know the hand of the blacksmith" (whomade it. One of the poets, whilst singing the occupationsof the people, has these descriptions of them: "Theday dawns; the trader takes his goods; the spinnerher distaff; the soldier his shield; the hunter hisbow and quiver." After giving as these and otherspecimens of the writing talent of the Africans, theDoctor suddenly came down on Robert Bonner, hisweekly Ledger, who said in it, awhile ago, or allowedsomebody else to say it, that the African, havingno poetic faculty, it incapable of civilization. Hereminded his audience of the simple and beautifulextemporaneous song which the negro woman sangover poor Mungo Park, the traveller, when he satsorrowing by her tent door, and whom the supplied,in her womanly kindness, with milk. The truthwas, that the African was naturally poetic, and expressedhis feelings at all times of passion and emotionin musical and rythmical words. He read somepretty verses composed by African children, whichwere translated by one of our missionaries on thespot. They were certainly very simple, and at thesame time very hopeful products, describing the pleasurethey felt at seeing the beauty and color of certainAfrican birds, so description of which, the Doctorsaid, has appeared in any book on ornithology. Ledger Alluding to the morals of the people, he said therewas a mistake about it very current in these partsand elsewhere. It was thought that because polygamywas tolerated amongst them, there most beimmorality also. Polygamy was an old and venerableinstitution, and had a genome Oriental origin. ISolomon was the arch-polygamist of the world, andthe Africans who followed his example were noworse than he. It was the rich only, however, whohad many wives; the poor could not afford to keepthem. But women were universally respected inAfrica, and the men paid them chivalrous attention.They were not allowed to do any physical laborwhatever, except to draw water; and this they insistedupon at their peculiar right and privilege.This also was an Oriental custom of immemorialWage; and was frequently alluded to in the Scriptures.He had seen seven hundred women comingout of the gates of a city in the evening, carryingwater-pots on their heads, at they did in the days ofJacob. Chastity was a sacred thing amongst them,and any one violating or including a women was decapitated.These bigamists had one who was mistressof the household, and had her maids of honor,who attended her, and ministered, to the wants of theguests. They loved these wives better than mostcivilized people often do theirs. A chief who hadlost his wife was asked why he did not marry again."Because, " he said. "I shall never find a womanwho will love me as she did." There was we savageryin this reply, and it might readily enough havebeen uttered by a white man. The betrothal of young people is made as a paryearly age, and when it is consummated the maidenwears is bracelet on her arm, which is inside of homeinscribable metallic substance, of which the Davinecould give no account. pary An African honor, belonging to a bigwig negro, wasdescribed as an immense building, the winders anddeem of which opened the inside, lacking men thecourt wards. These houses often contained hundredsof winter who were called wives by courtesy, butwere not soin reality; as the custom of the countryrequired every rich man to support as many femalesas he could. These were daily conspired in spinning,basket-making weaving cotton fabrics &C.,which they sold in the markets. They often wentfar into the country, in groups, selling provisionsalong with their wares, and the Doctor never heardof any of them being insulted. From what the lecturer said, the houses of therich were a sort of factory, where the surplus womenwere taught to work, and where they were protected.They supported themselves. One of thesehouses put our own hotels, which are, nevertheless,"some pumpkins, " into a complete shadow. It isowned by a chief, and covert 1200 square feet, andbuilt of unhewn brick. Another contains a thousandfemales, and it about the rival of Solomon'simmense coast of concubines. Women an always submitted to council meetings.He was present at one, when the wife of a chiefleaned her heal on his shoulder, and made manysuggestions. He thought the hint might be taken incountries a long way from Africa. Another feature of manners was given whichwe thought very interesting. It was the respectwhich youth, always had to age, so matter whetherthe person were rich or poor. In these interior and remote regions, the peoplewere ruled by a king, whom they elected themselves.Kings, and their sons and families, were all amenableto the law. Litigation begins always in themorning, and defendant's counsel has always thelast speech. Numerous examples of the industry of the Africanswere given. They cultivated the lands, andmade them at productive at gardens. All the staplecereals of a tropical clime were frown in abundance,and every species of fruit. They were workersin iron and other metals, and made excellentleather and glass. They were a religious peoplenaturally; and he never met with a Pagan in allhis travels. At the close of the lecture, various specimens ofnative manufacture were shown to the audience. The lecture this evening will be on the "CommercialAdvantages of Africa, " and will take placein the lower Hall. 

 A CARD.—The Committee appointed by His Excellencythe Governor to assist in the recruiting of this regiment,desire to state to the public-that they are greatly in needof funds to facilitate the object of their appointment. ARD. Owing to the sparseness of the colored population in Massachusetts,men were sought at distant points, whose transportationand subsistence are defrayed by the Committee.Not unfrequently recruits are rejected by the surgeon, andthe expense of their return home is likewise borne by theCommittee. Notwithstanding this, the express attendingthe organization of this regiment is believed to the muchlaw than that of say other which has left the State. The aid furnished by the State for resulting is comparativelylimited, as it is based on the supposition of the recruitsbeing found mainly within the Commonwealth. Contributions to the fund will be thankfully received bythe Treasurer and Secretary, Richard P. Hallowell, Esq.,96 Federal Street, Boston. The following named gentlemen constitute the Committee:—George L. Stearns, John M. Forbes, Wm. I. Bowditsh,Ames A. Lawrence, LeBarren Russell, Charles W.Slack, Richard P. Hallowell. Boston, March 30, 1863. 

 The advocates of slavery. North and South, laygreat stress on what they assert to be the teachingsof "ethnologists" a reference to the superiority ofone race of men over others, and the inferred rightof the former, as they mildly term it, to "control"or to "govern" the latter, meaning thereby tohold and keep them in slavery. It is a characteristicfeature of the present age, that any doctrinemust at least seem to have a scientific basis—thatis, that it must be based upon natural law. Thefirst slaveholders never thought of discussing anyquestion of right whatever in the matter, except theright of the strongest. They had the power, andthat was enough. By and by, however, slavery beganto need some further justification, and Theologylent her aid to its support. It was hold right tohold heathens as slaves for the purpose of convertingthem. But this doctrine would hardly apply to thenegro slave in America, whom moral condition wasso vastly improved by the condition in which he waskept. So the theologians had to go to searching theScriptures for further arguments, and they happenedto light on the story of Ham, in the Old Testament,and the alleged return of Oncaimus byPaul in the New, and on these they built up a beautifulstructure to justify negro slavery in the nineteenthcentury. But even this argument is becomingworn out. It is demonstrated that Ham andthe negro have no connection whatever, and anyone who reads the epistle to Timothy can see thatOnesimus was returned at a freedman and abrother, and not at all as a slave. Besides this,the growing moral sense of the people to revolts atslavery, that it was found that if the Bible was resortedto in its behalf, that venerable book would beapt to lose some what of the veneration and authoritywhich had hitherto possessed. Men were intelligentenough to see that the revealed word of Godcould not really support an institution repugnant tothe cultivated moral sense of mankind; and so theBiblical theory of slavery is pretty much abandoned,except by a few octogenarians like Dr. Lord andSouth-side Adams, and those, who determined tobelieve in slavery at any rate, will drag anythingand everything into its support. So, as we said above, the advocates of slavery arenow laboring to establish it upon a basis of naturallaw, an ordinance of the Creator, making some racessuperior to others, and dooming the inferior to theperpetual dominion of the superior. They havea great deal to say about prejudices of race" and"of color." They talk glibly about cranial developments.They tell us magisterially of the authoritativedecisions. Of "ethnologists, " as setting the entirequestion, and as little to be dissented from asof old was the alleged authority of the Scriptures. This argument forms the staple of the letters ofthe great lights of the New York Diffusion. Society,Professor Morse and George T. Curtis, who are doingall in their power to "diffuse" a spirit of acquiescencein slavery, and of conviction in its rightfulnessamong the people. They say "it is a physicalcondition which God has ordained, " and of coursedo not fail to seek to terrify weak minds by insistingon the "sinfulness" of opposing a divine law.They talk about ethnologists' decisions, though whothese ethnologists are, or what their authority is, orhow far this class of investigators are agreed amongthemselves, they do not condescend to inform us.But the conclusion they arrive as is, that two weeks,one superior and the other inferior, cannot dwell inthe same country without one "governing" theother; once the negro in America is rightfully holdas a slave and always must be. It is not our purpose now to attempt to combatthis argument. We would only one, that us to thequestion of news, "ethnologists" differ very muchamong themselves—and that it is a tremendous logicalleap to argue that slavery; as exercised in theSouthern States of America, in the hind of governmentwhich a superior was may legitimately exerciseover an inferior. A recent Richmond paper refutes all the staff effectually,though unintentionally, By carrying it to the point of absurdity. The Richmond other believesin the doctrine of races—but then the Southerneris the superior, and the Yankee is the inferior.Yes, even the light of the Diffusion Society, andDr. Lord and South side Adams and George Lunt,et id genus omnes, are of an inferior race to Letcher,and Cobb, and Floyd, and Davis, and Brooks, andnot fit to associate with them. Not only this, but"ethnologists" have decided that "the admixtureof the inferior with a superior race of the human species degrades the latter to the level of the former."Therefore, laws must be framed forbidding the immigrationof "Yankees and other foreigners," else"the next generation of Southerners will be thevilest mongrels." This seems rather cruel upon Curtis, Lord & Co.,but we don't see what they can do but submit. Itis the verdict of "ethnologists," a "physical law,"and it would be "sinful" perhaps over "infidel"to oppose it. Truly, great is the science of "ethnologists, "and righteous are her decision! We wonder somewhat that the Richmond editorexperience no apprehensions as to the results of thesuperior race of Southerners and the negro continuingto live intermingled. Can it be that he considersthe Yankee race inferior to the negro? Ifthis fact is satisfactorily and scientifically established,it is of course the right of the negro to "govern"Curtis, Lord & Co., and the duty of these estimablegentlemen, who have so profound a regard for"physical law, " to submit without a murmur.—New Bedford Republican Standard. New Bedford Republican Standard. 

 I have received in aid of the 54th Regiment the followingsome, not previously acknowledged, vis.:— John S. Henry, $10; John H. Robinson, $1; Charles R.Afton, 50 etc; E.W. Klnsley, $5; S. Urbine, $15; Mrs.Urnbico, $5; Pend Dunoklee, $30; Rev. C.A. Barton $10;U. and J. Ritchie, $50; John H. Cabot, $7; Mary R. Cabot,$3; Mary P. Payson, $1; Thomas Drew, $2; Mrs. FrederickTudor, $10; Miss P. Adams, $5; Mrs. H.N. Holland,$5; Miss S.P. Beck, $2; Miss M.A. Halliburton, $1;Samuel Johnson, $30; A friend, $5, Also from MaldenPicket Guard, 56 towels, 54 hdkfs; Mrs. Barstow, 3 pairsocks; Mary P. Payson,; 3 pair socks; J.B. Whitmore, 7barrels of apples; Miss Dana, socks; rise, Kendall &Co.,package of stationary. J.H. STEPHENSON, Treasurer, For the Committee. For the Committee. 12 Arch Street, April 20, 1863. 

 The great meeting of working men which washold in St. James's Hall, last week, was full of significanceand importance, apart altogether from itsbearing on the American question. No man, whateverhis political opinions, who takes an interest inthe progress and character for of the working class,could have left that hall, after listening to the proceedings,without feelings of hope and pride. There was a political meeting composed of aboutthree thousand London working men, conductedby working men, addressed by working men, anddisplaying intelligence, ability, temper, and order,which would have reflected credit upon the mostcultivated assembly. It was never uncommon tofind working men fluent and energetic speakers.Mere physical power, personal earnestness, andperhaps even the absence of that knowledge ofa subject which suggests that there are two sidesto it, have supplied men of the poorer classes veryoften with fluency and energy of declamation.Thus, even when the working classes were least educated,the satirist made the ignorant village politiciana type of vulgar and vehement declamatorypower. Any one who went to the meeting in St.James's Hall, expecting to find something of thiskind predominant there, must indeed have been surprisedand gratified. There was an almost entireabsence of declamation; there were some of thespeeches which did not contain a single declamatorysentence; there did not present himself on the platformone single sponter or stamp orator. It wassurprising to and that, open a question which morethan almost any other invited appeals to passion andto human pity, the speakers almost invariably confinedthemselves to the argumentative portion of thequestion. There was little or no generalization;where was nothing vague; no talking for talking'ssake; no grandiloquent verbiage to hide barrennessof idea or imperfect information. The working menargued the questions arising out of the Americanwar as questions of constitutional and internationallaw. They were as familiar with the various pointsof debate involved in the succession question, and thehistory of the American Constitution, as an educatedman of the middle classes is expected to be withthe common political themes of discussion belongingto his own time and country. We all know what"cram" is; and he must be little accustomed topublic debate who does not at once detect, when hehears it, even the best kind of the article. There itplenty of it to he heard in the House of Commonsduring any great debate—on this very Americanquestion, for instance. You can hear many an honorablemember gabble fluently along with an arrayof facts, figures, and arguments, which betray themselvesas mere cram in every sentence. You caneasily anticipate what the speaker is going to saynext, and you have a perfect conviction that theinterjection of one single judicious question wouldthrow him out, or dumbfounder him altogether.There was nothing of this kind at the meeting in St.James's Hall. The men who spoke there thoroughlyunderstood what they were talking about. Theyhad digested the question fully. They knew allthat was to be said in favor of each disputed position,and all that had been said against it; and theycould, where opportunity offered, strengthen theformer by new illustrations, and pick fresh holes inthe weak places of the latter. Except that thespeakers did not quest Latin, and that their languagewas always temperate, and their demeanoralways orderly, there was nothing to distinguish thespeeches delivered, from such orations as the majorityof members deliver on the floor of the House ofCommons. Now, having said so much of well-deserved andunexaggerated praise regarding the intellectual andpolitical character of this demonstration, what reflectionmust we naturally embody next in words?The remark, which we desire to make in all calmness—that these are just the men whom the governingclasses have declared unworthy to cross eventhe threshold of politics. They are deemed unworthynot merely to take part in any politicalwork, but even to have a voice in choosing the personswho are to do the political work for them.Observe how these men understand the complicatedand difficult questions of American politics. Observehow they can consider and discuss them withreference to their hearing on the interests of thiscountry. Then recollect that these men, as a class,are pronounced incapable even of judging what sortof individuals ought to speak for them at home; andlot any candid and honest person say whether heis not ashamed and indignant, that a stupid andunnatural system of exclusiveness should havebeen allowed so long to insult a body of men whoshould be the pride, as they must be the strength,of any civilized country. It must not be forgotten,that the intimate acquaintance them men evincewith home and foreign political questions has beenacquired without and slightest personal interest, orhope of interest, in the matter. The working men,as a body, have not that inducement to study suchsubjects which even the recording of a vote once intwo or three years might give. They are allowedto leave as more direct share in the political affairsof the country than servant girls or children. Whatthey learn of politics and contemporary history,they learn out of a pure relish love love for the subject.They have advocated themselves simply forthe sales of acquiring education. Can say nationalperson deny that the systems which concludes suchmen from a votes in the administration of affairs isa disgrace to a country like ours, to be intelligenceand free? Can any one deny that, whilethey are thus excluded, the shame falls on those whorather them their rights and that the loss is that ofthe whole nation? The Trades Union have not,we believe, often taken any open part in poiliticalquestion. But we sincerely truest that they will takesuch a part for the future. The time is nearly passed,when any one could be found stupid enough toadvise working men to have nothing to do with politics.The time is certainly passed when workingmen would obey such advice. No matter how thelingering existence of class legislation may shut outsuch men from political affairs, it is their duty andtheir right to be in some ways or other earnest andactive politicians. That country alone is sure ofprogress and prosperity where every intelligent manis a politician. The working men of England mayfeel perfectly satisfied that the franchise is now their own whenever they choose to ask for it. He hasresistance of conclusive classes can withhold the sightof Englishmen longer than obey chosen it allow it tobe withheld. That governing classes, as they are called,might derive some valuable lessons from the St.James Hall meetings. They might learn from themanner in which the name of Lord Palamenston wasreceived there, that the working man of Englandknow how little they own to such a Minister. Theymight learn, too, that the working men who havethought for themselves, and educated themselvesare able to emancipate themselves of their ownpower, if political emancipation be not wisely concededin time.—London Star. London Star. 

 In this crisis of our Country's destlay, it is the duty ofevery citizen to consider the peculiar; blessings of a republicanform of government, and decide what sacrifices ofwealth and life are demanded for its defence and preservation. The policy of the war, our whole future life, depends ona universal, clearly defined idea of the and proposed, andthe immense advantages to be served to ourselves and allmankind, by it accomplishment. No more fairly or sectional cry, no technicalities of Constitutionor military law, no mottoes of craft or policy arebig enough to touch the great heart, of a nation in themidst of revelation. A ground lion, such as freedom or justice,is useful to kindle and sustain the fires of a high enthusiasm. As this hour, the best word and work of every man andwoman are in\ demanded. To men, by commonconsent, is assigned the forms, camp and full. What iswoman's legitimate work, and how she may best accomplishit, is worthy our command counsel our with another. We have heard many complaints of the lack of enthusiasmamong Northern Women; but when a mother laysher son on the alter of her country, she asks an objectequal to the sacrifice. In nursing the sick and wounded,knitting socks, scraping lint, and making jellies, the bravest and best may weary if the thoughts mount not in faithto something beyond and above it all. Work is worshiponly when a noble purpose fills the soul. Woman is equally interested and responsible with manin the final settlement of this problem of self-government;therefore let none stand idle spectators now. When everyhear is big with destiny, and each delay but complicatedour difficulties it is high true for the daughters of therevolution, in solemn council, to unseal the last will andtestament of the Fathers, lay hold of their birthright offreedom, and keep it a sacred trust for all coming generations. To this end, we ask the loyal Women of the Nation themeet in New York, on Thursday, the 14th of May next. Let the Women of every State be largely represented,both in person and by letter. There will be two sessions—The first at 10 o'clock, A.M.,at the Church of the Puritans, (Dr. Cheever's,) admittancefree—The second at the Cooper Institute—at half past 7o'clock, P.M., admission 25 cents. On behalf of the Woman's Central Committee,ELIZABETH CADY STANTON. N.B.—Communicatins relative to and for the meetingshould be addressed to Susan B. Anthony, 48 Beekman Street,New York. 

 Our legislators are scarcely entitled to carry withthem to their country hence the light hearts thatbefit Easter holidays. There an elements of exceedinggravity in the condition of the country.The last debate before adjournment ruled questionsof serious difficulty and measureless importance.For the first time than twenty years, the HomeSecretary has to assure the House of Commons thatthe peace of Lancashire is secured by the precautionstaken to repress disturbance. In the mostpopulous district of Great Britain, the contentmentor forbearance of the people is held to be an insufficientguarantee of good order. On the same night,the Government is asked, entreated, almost adjured,,to relieve the apprehension of war with the UnitedStates, in consequence of the equipment in our portsof vessels intended to make war upon Americancommence. The case of the Alabama in, in itself, asufficient cause of anxiety. We must not fetterourselves that we have heard the last of that archivedbarque. As the catalogue of her captures lengthens,the excitement of the American people againstthe Government by whose neglect she escaped tosea will naturally increase. If a demand for reparationis not made, it will be because the statesmenat the head of the Republic are guiltless of that dispositionto make political capital of a cry againstEngland, which Lord Palmerston thoughtlessly attributesto all parties in America. But if the demandshould be made, how will it be met? No impartialjudge can accept as a reply to such a claimthe special pleading of the Solicitor General. Noone acquainted with the fasts, not forth in the officialcorrespondence, can deny that they are utterlymis-stated by Lord Palmerston. Union a betterspirit then that of the noble lord should decide thecounsels of the Cabinet in deliberation upon theclaim we have supposed, the result might be in thelast degree deplorable. But we are loss apprehension about the past thanthe future. There are other vessels preparing forthe same desperate work as that of the Alabama."If those vessels get out, " writes in a priests letteran American whose friendship for England is onlysecond to his love of the Union, "nothing can preventour people making reprisals upon your commerce.That is my conviction. If you have readand properly appreciated the speeches and votes ofour Congress at its last session, and the independentposition in which it left the military, naval, and financialdepartments of the Government, you willshare it. Our Government is not strong enough tostand against the popular views as it would expressitself in such an emergency, nor would it try to if itcould, for the honor and dignity of the nation wouldbe involved. Your Government, in openly toleratingthe equipment of Confederate steamers, seemsto be defying us to recent it, and we are too muchlike the race from which we are descended to standsuch provocation long." These are the words of aman who deprecates, as much for his own countryas ours, that drifting into war, of which both havebad a sad experience. One either side of the Atlanticis there a statesman so wickedly insensible tothe horrors of an Anglo-American conflict as to deliberatelyaccept its awful responsibilities. Themost frivolous or the most depraved of mankindmust shrink appalled from acts that would incur sohuge a lead of guilt. To the people on either side,the calamity would be incalculable and unmitigated.There would be to them neither gain nor glory tocompensate in the slightest for the losses and sufferingthat would rapidly accumulate. To the Union,it would probably be destruction. To ourselves, itwould more certainly be a famines of grain as wellas of cotton. The Atlantic would be strewed withthe wrecks of our commerce. A hundred privateerswould infect the ocean, and prey upon the interblentnavies of the two greatest maritime nations, likewolves upon flocks of sheep. Every seat of manufactureor trade would be desolated by the suspensionof business. The cost of maintaining our unemployedoperative would be doubled by the risein the price of bread, and the funds from which theyare now fed would be diminished by war tones andpublic loans. Destitution would than, indeed, becomediscontent; and instead of abortion 'Staley-bridgeriots to compel the payment of relief in money,there would be a Lancashire insurrection againstthe powers and policy that had produced so vast acatastrophes. Trades-union orators would substitutefor argumentations speeches in favor of American institutionsfierce invective against the classes whohad, they would say, for the second time withinthree-quarters of a country, gone to war out of hatredto democracy. Confederate prophesies of Englishconvulsion would at length be fulfilled, andtheir authors would rejoice at having out at eachother's threat the only two nations in the worldwhose love of freedom obstructed the establishmentof the great Slaves Republic. The prospect is as terrible that it may seem impossibleof realization. What conceivable changes isthere, it may be asked, of things arriving at so dreadfulan entromity? Has not Lead Palmanston declaredthat the Government will promply act soonany legal evidence that may be furnished of theequipment of more Alabamas? Is it not the universalinterest of Englishmen, as of Americans, torefrain from stimulating the constituent already occasioned?To this last question we answer first.Peace is unfortunately not quite the universal interest.There is in both counties, an exceptionalclass—and that a powerful one. When windowsare broken in a riot, glaziers are so greatly in requestthat they might be suspected of having instigated the tumult.But there are men who get paidfor breaking the laws designed to preserve the peaceof nations. In two of our great towns, Liverpooland Glasgow, the building of Confederate war shipsis the most lucrative employment in which capitalcan be engaged. It is well understood that the loanof three millions is chiefly intended for expenditureamong these gentlemen. No doubt Federal moneyhas been spent in Sheffield and Birmingham onswords, bayonets, rifles,' and percussion caps. Bothparties have been free to buy in our markets munitionsof war, and neither complained of the otherwhile both violated, in common with the vendors, the Queen's proclamation of neutrality. And if theConfederate had been content to smuggle into theirharbors, not only cargoes but ships, no serious grievancewould have arisen. But there is a wide differenceonce in the effect upon the peace of nations betweenthe tale of worthies stores and the equipment of privateers.The European powers had reassured forthemselves this barbaric mode of warfare, had puttheir brand upon it, as unworthy of civilized nations.The United States had virtually acquiesced in thatagreement. To this day, President Lincoln refusesto issue letters of masque. But gentlemen, like Mr.Laird, have no scruples of the kind. They see nodifference between selling to a soldier citizen a rifleor sword, and equipping a sea-robber for his piraticalcareer. The member for Birkenhead is not atall schemed of what he has done,—and the vociferouscheers that acquitted him of conduct unbecomingan English legislator will not give weight to thewords in which both the Solicitor-General and thePremier admonished Mr. Laird and his class againstpersistence in their lawless practices. They willnot be deterred from exchanging wood and iron forConfederate gold, except by measures of positive interventionand punishment. To each measures theGovernment must have recourse. It must be vigilantto detect, and vigorous in repression. And thecountry will do well to stimulate its rulers to watchfulnessand energy by unceasing protests against theacts that stain the honor of our laws, imperil ourpeace with America, and encourage men who arethe avowed enemies of a civilization founded uponfreedom.—London Star, March 31 st.  London Star, March 31 st. 

 The Religious Society of Progressive Friends will holdthe Eleventh Yearly Monthly at Longwood, Chester County,Pa., commanding on Fifth-day (Thursday), the 6th of SixthMonth(June), 1863, at 10 o' clock, A.M., and continuingtwo or three days. The Progressive Friends are not associated upon saytheological or ecclesiastical basis, but attracted by a commondesire to promote their own moral and spiritual improvement, and to labor for the promotion among mankind ofwhatsoever things are just, beneficent and pure. It in theiraim to maintain freedom of inquiry, thought and speech;to be hospitable to now ideas, proving off things and buffingfast that which is good; to deliver themselves andothers from the benumbing power of superstition, sectarianismand priestcraft; to upon their hearts freely to alt Divineand annobling inspirations, giving hood to the spiritmore than to the letter; and to exert their whole moralInfluence, as individuals and as an association for the ever-throwof every system of injustice and friend, and the up-buildingof all that tends to promote the highest welfare ofthe human family. The measure of success which has attended our labors asa Religious Society during the last ten young, to say nothingof the great enjoyment we have had in them, encouragesas to persevere is the good work. And now when ourcountry is involved in all the disasters and perils of a bloodystruggle for the overthrow of slavery and the preservationof free institution, the duty of laboring for the diffusionof the principles on which our association in founded seemsmore than ever imperative. We therefore invites all whocherish those principles to meet and co-operate with us. Oliver Johnson, Jennie K. Smith, William Barnard, Mary P. Wilson, Maria Agnew; Henry M. Smith, Dinah Mendenhall, Alfred H. Lore, Mary Lundy Barnar, Theodore Tilton, Hannah Cox, Sarah M. Barnard, Edwin H. Coates, Suzanna P. Chambers, Allen Agnew, Annie M. Stambach, M.D. 

 The following is a correct copy of the letter ofMr. Chase to the Loyal National League, in responseto their invitation to attend the Sumter meeting:— WASHINGTON, April 9, 1863. ASHINGTON Gentlemen—Imperative demands on my timecompel me to deny myself the gratification of attendingthe meeting to which you kindly invite me. You will meet to sent words of cheer to our bravegenerals and soldiers in the field; to rebuke treasonin our midst, giving, in the garb of peace, aid andcomfort to treason in the panoply of war; to maintaininviolate the integrity of the national territoryand the supremacy of the National Constitution andlaws; to strengthen the hands and nerve the heartof the President for the great work to which Godand the people have called him. For what worthierpurposes can American citizens now assemble? It is my fixed faith, gentlemen, that God does notmean that this American republic shall perish. Weare tried as by fire, but our country will live. Notwithstandingall the violence and all the machinationsof traitors and their sympathizers, on this orthe other side of the Atlantic, our country will live. And while our country lives, slavery, the chiefsource, and cause, and agent of our ills, will die.The friends of the Union in the South, before rebellion,predicted the destruction of slavery as a consequenceof secession, if that madness should prevail.Nothing, in my judgment, is more certain than thefulfillment of these predictions. Safe in the States,before rebellion, from all Federal interference, slaveryhas come out from its shelter, under State constitutionsand laws, to assail the national life. Itwill surely die, pierced by its own fangs and stings. What matter now how it dies? Whether as aconsequence or object of the war, what matter? Isthis a time to split hairs of logic? To me it seemsthat Providence indicated clearly enough how theend of slavery must come. It comes in rebel SlaveStates by military order, decree or proclamation;not to be disregarded or set aside in any event as anullity, but maintained and executed with perfectgood faith to all the enfranchised; and it will comein loyal Slave States by the unconstrained action ofthe people and their legislatures, aided freely andgenerously by their brethren of the Free States. Imay be mistaken in this, but if I am, another betterway will be revealed. Meantime it seems to me very necessary to saydistinctly what many yet shrink from saying. TheAmerican blacks must be called into this conflict,not as cattle, not now, even, as contrabands, but asseen. In the Free States, and, by the proclamationin the rebel States, they are free men. The Attorney-General,in an opinion which defies refutation.has pronounced these freemen citizens of the UnitedStates. Let, then, the example of Andrew Jackson,who did not hesitate to oppose colored regiments toBritish invasion, be now fearlessly followed. Letthese blacks, acclimated, familiar with the country,capable of great endurance, receive suitable militaryorganization, and do their part. We need theirgood will, and must make them our friends by showingourselves their friends. We must have them forguides, for scouts, for all military service in camp orfield for which they are qualified. Thus employed,from a burden they will become a support, and thehazards, privations, and labors of the white soldierswill be proportionably diminished. Some will object, of course. There are alwaysobjectors to everything practical. Let experiencedispel honest fears, and refute captious or disloyalcavil. Above all, gentlemen, let no doubt rest on ourresolution to sustain, with all our hearts and withall our means, the soldiers now in arms for the republic.Let their ranks be filled up; let their suppliesbe sufficient and regular; let their pay be sure.Let nothing be wanting to them which can insureactivity and efficiency. Let each brave officer andman realize that his country's love attends him, andthat his country's hopes hang upon him; and, inspiredby this thought, let him dare and do all thatis possible to be dared and done. So, gentlemen, with the blessing of God, will wemake a glorious future sure. I see it rising beforeme—how beautiful and grand! There is not timeto speak of it now; but from all quarters of the landcomes the voice of the sovereign people, rebukingfaction, denouncing treason, and proclaiming theindivisible unity of the republic; and in this Heaven—inspired union of the people, for the sake of theUnion, as the sure promise of that splendid hereafter. With great respect, yours very truly, S.P. CHASE. HASE. Hon. George Opdyke, George Griswold, Esq., andothers. Committee of the Loyal National League,New York." In a private letter accompanying the above, Mr.Chase uses the following words, the latter of whichmay be adopted as a motto by every Loyal NationalLeague in the land:— "What said the Roman orator when Catilinearmed against his country:—Let what each manthinks concerning the Republic be inscribed uponhis forehead." 

 ☞E.H. HEYWOOD will speak in WEST BOYLSTON,Sunday evening, May 3d. EST OYLSTON 

 SPEECH OF ADJUTANT-GENERAL THOMAS AT LAKNPROVIDENCE, LOUISIANA. FELLOW-SOLDIERS:—Your Commanding Generalhas so fully stated the object of my mission, thatit is almost unnecessary for me to say anything toyon in reference to it. Still, as I come here withfull authority from the President of the UnitedStates to announce the policy which, after maturedeliberation, has been determined upon by the wisdomof the nation, it is my duty to make known toyour clearly and fully the features of that policy. Itis a source of extreme gratification to me to comebefore you this day, knowing as I do full well, howglorious have been your achievements on the fieldof battle. No soldier can come before soldiers oftried valor, having the deepest emotions ofhis soul stirred within him. These emotions I feelon the protest occasion, and I beg you will listen towhat I have to say as soldiers, receiving from a soldierthe commands of the President of the UnitedStates. ELLOW OLDIERS I came from Washington clothed with the fullestpower in this matter. With this power, I can actas if the President of the United States were himselfpresent. I am directed to refer nothing toWashington, but to act promptly—what I have todo to for it once—to strike down the unworthy andto elevate the deserving. I can truly speak briefly, and cannot enter into thedetails of the subject at present. It may be thatsome of you are better acquainted with this countrythan I am, but all my early military life was spentin the South. I know this whole region well. Iam a Southern men, and, if you will, born withSouthern prejudices; but I am free to say that thepolicy I am now to announce to you, I endorse withmy whole heart. You know full well—for you havehave over this country—that the rebels have sentinto the field all their available fighting men—everyman capable of boring arms, and you know theyhave kept at home all their slave for the raising ofsubduence for their armies in the field. To thisway they can bring to bear again us all thestrength if their so-called Confederate Saston, whilewe at the North can only send a portion of ourfighting force, being compelled to leave behind anotherportion to cultivate our fields and supply thewants of an immense army. The Administrationhas determined to take from the rebels this sourceof supply—to take their negroes, and compel themto send back a portion of their whites to cultivatetheir deserted plantations, and very poor personsthey would be to fill the place of the dark-hood inborer. They mast do this, or their armies willstarve. You know perfectly well that rebels had anopportunity offered them under the Proclamation ofthe President in September, to lay down their armsand come back into the Union. They failed to doit. Not but that the hearts of many men in theSouth were with us, and against the rebellion. Theleaders of the rebellion, Jeff. Davis and his satellites,would not permit it, therefore they are still in armsagainst us. Southern On the first day of January last, the President issuedhis proclamation, declaring that from that dayforward all the slaves in the States then in rebellionshould be free. You know that vast numbers ofthese slaves are within your borders, inside the linesof this army. They come into your camps, and youcannot but receive them. The authorities in Washingtonare very much pained to hear, and I fearwith truth in many cases, that some of these poorunfortunates have on different occasions been turnedaway from us, and their applications for admissionwithin our lines have been refused by our officersand soldiers. This is not the way to use freedmen.The question came p in Washington, "What isbest to be done with that unfortunate race?" Theyare coming upon us in such numbers that same provisionmust be made for them. Yon cannot sendthem North. You all know the prejudices of theNorthern people against receiving large numbers ofthe colored race. Some States have passed laws forbiddingthem to come within their borders. At thisday, in some States, persons who have brought themhave been arraigned before the Courts to answer forthe violation of State enactments. Look along the river, and see the multitude of desertedplantations upon its banks. These are theplaces for these freedmen, where they can be self-sustainingand self-supporting. All of you will someday be on picket duty, and I charge you all if anyof this unfortunate race come within your lines, thatyou do not turn them away, but receive them kindlyand cordially. They are to be encouraged tocome to us. They are to be received with openarms; they are to be fed and clothed; they are to bearmed. they are to be armed. This is the policy that has been fully determinedupon. I am here to say that I am authorized toraise as many regiments of blacks as I can. I amauthorized to give commissions, from the highest tothe lowest, and I desire those persons who are earnestin this work to take bold of it. I desire onlythose whose hearts are in it, and to them alone willI give commissions. I don't care who they are, orwhat their present rank may be. I do not hesitateto say, that all proper persons will receive commissions. While I am authorized thus in the name of theSecretary of War, I have the fullest authority todismiss from the army any man, be his rank what itmay, whom I find maltreating the freedmen. Thispart of my duty I will most assuredly perform if anycase comes before me. I would rather do that thangive commissions, because such men are unworthythe name of soldiers. I hope to hear that in this splendid division, as Iknow it to be, veterans, as Napoleon would callthem—for you are veterans—I hope to hear beforeI leave that I shall be able to raise at least a regimentfrom among you. I don't want to stop at one,nor at two. I must have two at least. It is possiblethat I can procure four. I would like to raise, onthis river, twenty regiments at least before I goback. I shall take all the women and children, andall the men unfit for our military organizations, andplace them on these plantations; then take theseregiments and put them in the rear. They willguard the rear effectively. Knowing the countrywell, and familiar with all the roads and swamps,they will be able to track out the accursed guerillas,and run them from the land. When I get regimentsraised, you may sweep out into the interior with impunity.Recollect, for every regiment of blacks Iraise, I raise a regiment of whites to face the foe inthe field. This, fellow-soldiers, is the determinedpolicy of the Administration. You all know, fullwell, when the President of the United States,though said to be slow in coming to a determination,when he once puts his foot down, it is there,and he is not going to take it up. He has put hisfoot down; I am here to assure you, that my officialinfluence shall be given that be shall not raise it. one two. Major-General B.M. Prentiss, after the cheeringhad subsided which greeted his appearance, endorsed,in a forcible and eloquent speech, the policy announcedby Adjutant-General Thomas, and said that,"from the time he was a prisoner, and a negro sentinel,with firm step, beat in front of his cell, andwith firmer voice commanded silence within, be prayedGod for the day of revenge, and be now thankedGod that it had come." Turning to Gen. Thomas,the speaker continued: "Yes! tell the Presidentfor me, I will receive-them into the lines—I will begthem to come in—I will make them come in! and ifany officer in my command, high or low, neglects toreceive them friendly and treat them kindly, I will putthem outside the lines. (Tremendous applause.)Soldiers, when you go to your quarters, if you hearany one condemning the policy announced here today,put him down as a contemptible copperheadtraitor. Call them what you please, copperheads,secesh, or traitors, they are all the same to me: enemiesof our country, against whom I have taken asolemn oath, and called God as my witness to whipthem wherever I find them." beat I will make them come in! neglects to receive them friendly and treat them kindly I will put them outside the lines. enemiesof our country Mr. Mitchell, a member of Congress from Indians,next spoke, indorsing what had been said, and concludedby paying his respects to the Copperheads,and declaring that he was going home to labor to fillup the decimated ranks of the regiments before them. Brigadier-General Alvin P. Hovey was then calledout. Though a life-long Democrat, he said hefully approved of the policy of the Administrationin using the negroes. Colonel C.R. Gill, of the 29th Wisconsin, wasbrought out by the shouts and cries for him. Hesaid be believed it was good for him to be here.He felt as good over it as a Methodist over did overa love feast. In regard to arming negroes, he felt as Aunt Hannahdid at the funeral of her husband: The coffinwas opened, and the friends took a departing look,after which the minister raised the lid of the coffinand asked, "Are you all satisfied?" whereuponaunt Hannah interposed as follows: "Elder Tinkham,I am perfectly satisfied." He then turned tothe assemblage, and inquired how many were satisfied,and was answered by a mighty YEA, swelledby thousands of voices. How many are there havewho am not satisfied? A profound silence was theonly reply; and turning to the General, the Colonelsaid: "The verdict is unanimous. When you goback, tell the President be is endorsed by the army,and that them is power in the army." perfectly satisfied. General Washburn, Colonel Dusey and CaptainCameron also spoke. The meeting broke up, givingthree cheers for the policy of the Administration.General Thomas arose, and said, this was the happiestday of his life, and he should be happy tomake known to the President the feeling prevailingamong the troops within the sound of his voice. The foregoing gives but a faint ides of the enthusiasm,patriotism, and outpouring of loyalty that tookplace on this occasion. 

 ☞MERCY B. JACKSON, M.D., has removed to62 Dover street. Particular attention paid to Diseases ofWomen and Children. References.—Luther Clark, M.D.; Durid Thayer, M.D.Office house from 2 to 4. P.M. References. 

 ☞At Helena, the now negro regiments areprogressing rapidly. In three days after GeneralThomas left for Vicksburg the "First Regiment ofArkansas Infantry of African descent" was filled to800, and by this time comprise a thousand troops.The field officers are Colonel Weed, LieutenantColonel Campbell, and Major Boston, formerly ofthe Indian regiments. Colonel Weed was formerlya minister of the Baptist Church, is Southern Indians,having been previously a British officer in theWest Indies, in command of black troops. He sayshe knows they will make good soldiers, and he engagesin the enterprise for the glory of God. He isa noble man of tried courage and capacity, and willmake his now regiment one of the best in the service.Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, and Major Bostonhave been the persistent friends of the blackman from the beginning, and one every may nearlyand capable if aiding in this enterprise. The lineofficers are mostly privates form the souls of otherregiments and are deserving of promotion. Thenew regiment will be better officered than the majorityof our white regiments, by men of high character. 

 MARRIED—Inthis city, April 22d, by Rev. George L.Chaney, THOMAS B. DROW and MARY H. Mills, both ofPlymouth. HOMAS ROW ARY 

 The Twenty-Ninth Annual Meeting of the AMERICANANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY will be held in theChurch of the Puritans, (Rev. Dr. Cheerer's,) in thecity of New York, on TUESDAY, May 12th, commencingat 10 o'clock, A.M. MERICAN NTI LAVERY OCIETY UESDAY The Slavery will held another public meeting in theevening, in the Cooper Institute, commencing at halfpast 7 o'clock. The names of the speakers will beannounced hereafter. The business meetings of the Society will be heldin the Lecture Room of the Church of the Puritans,on Tuesday, at 3 ½, P.M., and on Wednesday, at 10,A.M. The loyalty of this Society to freedom, and to freeinstitutions, and to the Government so for as it aims touphold these, is unquestionable and uncompromising.It has emphatically pronounced against the Soldiersrebellion as in the highest degree perfidies and wicked;and, as it is now apparent to the civilized worldthat this rebellion b the legitimate product of slavery,and waged for no other reason, either avowed or hidden,than to give greater security and extension tothat horrible system, which, by one blow, strikes downall human rights, and perpetrates every conceivableoutrage upon human nature, the AMERICAN ANTI-SLAVERYSOCIETY not only applauds the Proclamationof President Lincoln, whereby more than threemillions of slaves were declared forever free on thefirst of January last, but maintains that a decree ofimmediate and universal emancipation is demanded bythe imperiled state of the country; by fidelity of theGovernment to its constitutional obligations in such afearful emergency; by the hopelessness of attemptingto perpetuate the Union upon any other basis thanthat of homogeneous institutions and interests, andimpartial liberty and exact justice for all the people;by the inevitable dissolution of the old Union becauseof its antagonistical elements; and, especially andabove all, by the Divine command to "undo the heavyburdens, break every yoke, and let the oppressed gofree." Then shall our light, as a nation, rise in obscurity,and our darkness be as the mon-day; thenthey that shall be of us shall build the old waste places;we shall raise up the foundations of many generations;and we shall he called. THE REPAIRERS OF THEBREACH, THE RESTORERS OF PATHS TO DWELL IN. MERICAN NTI LAVERY OCIETY HE REPAIRERS OF THEBREACH HE RESTORERS OF PATHS TO DWELL IN. In behalf of the Executive Committee, WM. LLOYD GARRISON, President. President. WENDELL PHILLIPS, Secretaries. ENDELL HILLIPS Secretaries. CHARLES C. BURLEIGH, Secretaries. HARLES URLEIGH Secretaries. 

 DIED, April 11th, at half past 9 A.M., at his home inFrandon, Clerment Co., Ohio, near Cincinnati, CHRISTIANDONALDSON. For thirty years his name had been identifiedwith anti-slavery effort at the West, especially in Cincinnati,the scene of his long and upright business corner. Thewriter well remembers his calm, unfinishing steadfastness,when mob violence on several occasions threatened a largeportion of his property with destruction, as a consequenceof his prominent advocacy of the golden rule in behalf ofthe friendless slave. IED HRISTIAN ONALDSON. Quiet and mild in demeanor, genial and bind in discourse,patient and careful in debate, his convictions more earnestlyavowed in these dark days when the denom slavery satouthresed in commerce, society, Church and State; when"to look but a protect in silence was brave." Possessed of ample means, he always responded to theclaim of real need. Many a pilgrim of liberty, bound fora freer land, has dropped the burthen loosened by his charity,and gone on his way rejoicing. Mr. Donaldson, was the intimate co-worker of all theearliest pleasers of freedom in the West. Probably everyearly anti-slavery enterprise, by press, Convention anditinerant lecturers, received his contribution or his personalaid, and brightly waves the growing grain where he hopefullycost the seed. His long life of singular uprightness closed in peace.His mental faculties were undimmed. His life-long loveof justice and liberty was firm it the last stern ordeal Thespirit was strong, despite the weakness of the Both. In thelanguage of one who watched his departure, "he was anxiousto enter upon a new field of usefulness." He leavesto the world be loved and wrough for the example of ajust, wise and human life; he takes within the voil thewarm esteem of his friends who remain, many of whom areamong these "poor, " whose benediction is of pricelessworth.—Anti-Slavery Standard. Anti-Slavery Standard. In Portland, (Mo.) April 10th, BETSY WRIGHT, a venerablecolored woman, between 80 and 90 years of ago. ETSY RIGHT 

 When THEODORE D. WILD made his memorabletour through New England, in 1816, for the purposeof inducing numbers of the clergy (as well as of giftedlaymen) to enter the lecturing field in advocacy nothe Anti-Slavery cause, we believe he found noone more friendly in spirit to the cause, or moreready to approve his mission, than the Rev. Dr.Lord, President of Dartmouth College. That causeis and will ever remain as it was, divinely just and beneficent;but the Rev. Dr. Lord has long since undergonea thorough change of feeling and sentiment,whereby he has infamously distinguished himself asthe bitterest opponent of Abolitionism, and the opendefender not only of Southern slavery, but of everyform of governmental despotism in all ages of theworld, as in accordance with the Divine Will. Atwhat precise period his apostacy took place, or in whatmanner his intellectual obscuration and moral lunacywere superinduced, we am quite ignorant; but, certainit is, that there has been no more startling evidenceof the religious demoralization of the country,and especially of New England, in regard to the loathsomeand horribly oppressive system of slavery, thanthat such a man should have been allowed, even tothat hour, to stand at the head of one of our mostrespected collegiate institutions. No marvel thatNew Hampshire was so long the pliant tool and activeaccomplice of the Southern band of men-stealersand cradle plunderers; nor is it surprisingthat she is with difficulty kept from virtual rebellionat this awful crisis in the life of the nation,through the prevalence of a most venomous "copperhead" spirit in all her towns and villages. Had shebeen true to the cause of impartial liberty, she wouldlong ere this have made her soil too hot for such asunblushing defender of hell-born slavery, who, in hisverbal subtleties, but echoes the hateful sentimentsof that tory of tories, Sir Robert Filmer, whom AlgernonSidney gibbeted for the curiosity, abhorrence andadmonition of all coming generations. HEODORE ILD In its appropriate department on our first page, wehave given, the week, the first portion of an article,entitled "A True Picture of Abolition, " as drawn byDr. Lord, which first appeared in the Boston Courier(a most fitting vehicle) of Nov. 22, 1862, and which,previous to the late election in Connecticut, was extensivelycirculated in that State, to pamphlet form,by the "copperhead" party, to order to secure theelection of Seymour, and, as far as possible, to give"aid and comfort" to the Southern traitors. As"certain inaccuracies and an important omission occurredin that pamphlet, " the proprietors of the Courierhave reproduced the article in a tract of sixteen pages—of course, for a most loyal purpose! We shall givethe remainder of it in our next number, that our readersmay judge of it, without the omission of a word. Courier Courier It assumes to be "A True Picture of Abolition";but, with characteristic unfairness, Dr. Lord dealsonly in vague generalities and unsupported allegations.Not a single quotation does he make from anyofficial Anti-Slavery documents; note a particle of evidencedoes he adduce to sustain his sweeping impeachment.If man is man, and God is God, we challengehim to prove that the American Anti-SlaverySociety, through its organs or publications, has advancedprinciples or upheld propositions at variancewith these of the Declaration of Independence, orwith these recognized by the wisest and best of menin all ages of the world. Let him turn to the "Declarationof Sentiments, " published by the NationalAnti-Slavery Convention in Philadelphia, in 1863, asthe basis upon which the movement for the abolitionof slavery was to be conducted, and quote therefromfor the convincement of his readers, if he thinks hecan thereby make good his case as against the Abolitionism.Or, we will lean him the various AnnualReports of the American Anti-Slavery Society, andthose of its ancillaries, and he may rannock theirpages to find the proofs, if he can, that the Abolitionismare the victims of a wild and fanatical spirit. But,to asked assertions like these—" Abolitionism is atfault; it is false and wrong; it destroys the ancientlandmarks; it obliterates the old paths; it sunderswhat God has united, and unites what God has condensed;it is wrong and madness; it rejects the dictatesof religion, the wages of civilized and Christianlife, the claims of humanity, " (!!) &C., &C.,there is but this simple reply to be made:—theyare just as untrue as to say that Redial in Christ, thata lie is the truth, that wrong is right; and as clear isis that this wholesale calumniator of a class everywhere hated and assaulted by all that is vile and brutal,as well as by all that is conservative and pharimical,—in the manner as were Jesus and his apostles—knownthat he cannot produce the evidence necessary to provehis virulent charges, that he does not make any attemptto do so. He is a falsifier on a wholesale scale;and not one of those whom he thus wickedly defamesis he worthy to loose the latchet of a shoe. His associatesand backers are the perjured traitors of theSouth—Fernando and Benjamin Wood, Vallandigham,and all of that stripe—and rowdies universally. 

 THIS work is already in the hands of the printers, andwill be issued shortly. It will be gotten up in the BESTSTYLE of American workmanship—from the Cambridge Universitypress; printed on fine tinted paper; bound in richmaroon vollum; and illustrated with a striking likenessof Mr. Phillips, on steal, by H.W. Smith. It will be incrown estave, of at least 500 pages. Price $2. Sent bymail prepaid, to any part of the United States, for the retailprice. Agents wanted in every State. Terms liberal.Address for Circular, JAMES REDPATH, PUBLISHER, UBLISHER may 1-4t 221 Washington Street, Boston. Washington Street, Boston. 

 Last week's (New York) Christian Inquirer contains"A Letter from Secession, " written by Mrs. CarolinaGilman, one of the most pretentious and plausibledefenders of Southern slavery. She conducts thisdefence not by argument, but by assumption, implications,indention and repetition, using the place-sentimentalmethod, (so conspicuous in the backs of SouthsideAdams,) and using it with such skill an so reducemany unstable souls into the acceptance of falsehood as truth, assumption as evidence, and resolutepersistency as demonstration. Christian Inquirer One purpose of Mrs. Gilman's letter is to speak ofthe condition and prospects of the Unitarian churchin Charleston, S.C., of which her late husband wasthe minister. Speaking of the church editor, shesays—"That beautiful temple stands solitary, but notuncured for. The refugee pew—holders pay theirtaxes, and a generous subscription has been recentlycollected for our colored, old and infirm communicants,who are suffering by the effects of the war. Agardener has attended the grounds ever since the war,and an old negro woman of our communion. Bella byname, keeps the pastor's monuments free from weeds." What a pretty picture! And what nice little illustrationsmight be sketched from it, to embellish thepatriotical system! This is one of the evils of slavery,that its subjects, provided from writing andspeaking for themselves, are constantly exposed tohave such things to them written and published aboutthem. The slave population of Charleston, jealouslyguarded last they should escape to the Federal armies,and wishing nothing better than the overthrow ofthe tyranny which is chaining and robbing them, areimpudently represented as "suffering by the effects"of that war which gives them, their only chance offreedom. The infirm colored communicants, who areforbidden by law even to learn to read the Bible, andwho have been insulted, every Sunday of their lives,by the assumption of the renegade New Englanderwho occupied the pulpit, that God authorized theirenslavement, are new spoken of as the recipients of"a generous subscription." These aged men andwomen, whose children have been sold away fromthem whenever the luxury of the cotton-lords requiredsuch aliment, and whose wages have been systematicallykept book from them by fraud and force, are nowshown up as receiving from "generous" masters atithe of the earnings of one of their years. The oldcolored women, "Bella by name, " (slaves are not allowedthe luxury of two names,) keeps the pastor'smonuments free from weeds. No doubt she will continueto do no until the Yankee conquest of Charlestonshall free her from that degradation, and from thepretence of willingly submitting to it; but Mrs. Gilmantakes care not to tell us that Bella cannot go outof the city, nor out of her wretched hovel after darkanywhere, without a "pass" from her master. Generoussouls, are they not, these Unitarian secessionists,who continue the allowance of food and clothingto the old servants whose unpaid labor enriched them!But these are also the men who openly rejoiced andtriumphed in the murderous assault perpetrated bybrooks upon Sumner in the U.S. Senate chamber.These are the men who, at an earlier period, droveSamuel Hoar and his invalid daughter violently outof their city. These are the men who tried first tostarve and then to kill Major Anderson, while hewas doing his duty to the Government in Fort Sumter.And these, no less then their Episcopal, andPresbyterian, and Baptist and Methodist neighbors,are the men who are trying to build a new nation,with perpetual slavery, established by law as well ascustom, for its basis. I will notice one other of the insinuated falsehoodsof this letter; a falsehood, the thoughtless acceptanceof which by a majority of the Northern people (in thepast) has gone far to produce that allowance of thecontinuance of slavery to which we owe our presentevils. The writer says—"You may think it strangethat I should write so calmly, when a proclamationhangs over us which, it followed out there, where theseare thousands of staves, would bring results at whichhumanity shudders." What are these anticipated "results at which humanityshudders"! We know very well, from thelanguage and writings, public and private, of slaveholders,that they expect nothing less than rape, murderand fire from their slaves, whenever these shallgain their freedom. To be sure, this expectationscarcely tallies with their equally constant claim thatthe slaves are happy, contented, and devotedly attachedto their masters; but the slave system can be defendedonly by lies, and these lies, being mutually contradictory,cannot he mode to hang together. expect Now these terrible results, at which humanity shudders,were assumed by Mrs. Gilman to be necessaryattendants upon the following out of President Lincoln'sEmancipation Proclamation. How far is thisassumption verified by the terms of the Proclamationitself! The whole scope of that document is to declare theslaves in certain rebellious States to be now, henceforwardand forever free, to authorize them to act asfree men under the general laws of the country, and,as one item of that freedom, to resist any assault madewith intent to rečnslave them. But (with a trulywonderful amount of humane consideration for therebels against whom he was then sending forth hisfleets and armies) President Lincoln adds to the decreeof Freedom this limitary injunction, namely:—"and I hereby enjoin upon the people so declared tobe free, to abstain from all violence, unless in necessaryself defense." Nay, more! Extending his Indulgenceto the rebels to the extreme unwisdom ofproposing a continuance of the freedmen with theirformer masters, (instead of co¨peration with his armiesagainst those rebel masters,) be proceeds to say—"And I recommend to them [the freedmen] in all caseswhen allowed, to labor faithfully for reasonable wages."Is it anything less than an infamous misrepresentationand libel to attribute "results at which humanityshudders" to the following out of a Proclamation likethis! against If it be replied that the fearful "results" in question,however unauthorized by the terms of the Proclamation,are naturally to be expected from negroes,however faithful and attached, as soon as they am releasedfrom slavery—I answer that this also is an infamousmisrepresentation and libel, disproved by thegeneral history of negroes in the British West Indiesand this country, and especially disproved by thosenumerous cause in our present war in which negroeshave gained possession of their freedom. Notwithstandingthe customary cruelties inflicted by mastersand mistresses upon slaves, notwithstanding the numerousinstance in which slaves have been killed on thespot in attempting an escape, or horribly punishedwhen detected in the attempt, their have been ascases, so far as I have heard, of escaping slaves committingsay outrage upon their oppressors or theirfamilies. The slaves have shows, inerrably, an absenceof vindictiveness which has surprised both theirfriends and their enemies. The imputation to them,therefore, of crimes like these as the necessary resultof a chance to commit them with impunity, is false,base and mean beyond impression. Yet, to the use ofmendacious slanders like these must every defenderof slavery descend, since there are so other means ofdefending it. No doubt, both South—side Adams andMrs. Gilman would prefer to gain any particular purposewhich they have at heart by truth rather thanby falsehood. But, if they decide to defend slavery,and make out on paper a plausible statement in its lever,they must lie. No other means will accomplishthe work. and mistresses cases inerrably The letter of which I have been speaking containsthe further announcement that "a gentlemen who hassailed from Charleston is commissioned to means asEnglish Unitarian minister for one believed church, as known that, sincesoon at pence is declared." It was happen that, sincethe death of Dr. Gilman, overtures had been madebefore the war to several Unitarian clergymen in theNorth to take his place. But, though defenders ofslavery have not been wanting in that sect any morethan in others, as one these they desired could befound to energy that position. Doubtful things, the proverb tells us, are very uncertain;but, if the pro-slavery professors of Unitarianpiety shall ever return to that "beloved church"—ifthe god that slaveholders worship shall ever find hissites renewed within these walls—and if Englandshall have the distinction of furnishing a minister acceptableto such a congregation—I hope to reportthese facts to the renders of the Liberator.—C.M.W. Liberator. 

 FOR SALE, at the nursery of WILLIAM KENRICK,in NEWTON, Mass., a variety of P Trees, chiefly ofthe new and most superior hardy kinds. Price, 25 centseach, and $22. where 100 are ordered. Also, the followingnow, very extraordinary, and extra kinds, at 35 centseach:— EWTON   1st, LINCOLN; which eclipsed all others at the nualexhibition of the Massachusetts orticultural Society, as"Hill's Lemon": very large, beautiful, deep crien andyellow, and excellent. The tree is strong, productive andhardy. September. INCOLN;   Hill's Lemon  2d, SAET'S NONTA; a splendid red rarripe:very large; ed almost all ever with deepbeautiful—of superior excellence—the true handsome—wood deep red—hardy. September. AET'S  ONTA;     N.B.—Where 100 trees are ordered, a liberal propertiesof these two extra kinds will be put in, at the forest ranamed.  Nictoris, 35 cents. Lewis' or Boston,  ofProsin, Cambridge. Surpassing kind. Nictoris   Grapes. Allen's Whid, Dia, Coed, UnitVillage, &C. Grapes.     Strmberries, Blackberries, Cuvents, REpherries, &C. Strmberries, Blackberries, Cuvents, REpherries    All orders promptly exuted, and  delivered in tonfree of cast for transpiration. Descriptive cataloguesfurnished to all who apply. Apply to    WILLIAM KENRICK, Newton, Mass., Newton, Mass. On orders left with J B &Sen, store 51 North Market Street, Boston, will receive the caste attention. april      

 I wish to put on record, for the satisfaction and improvementof a larger audience than the Melodeonwill hold, come of the just and noble thoughts containedis a sermon preached in that place last Sunday,by Rev. SAMUEL JOHNSON, of Lynn. I do not attemptto sketch the plan of the sermon, nor to give infull the words of the speaker, though I hope to givehis meaning correctly in the few fragments following. AMUEL OHNSON Now that it is fashionable to boast of unconditionalloyalty to the Government, and unconditional devotionto the Union, it behooves us to remember that agreater than the Union is here. It is needful now formen to think, and to say—We will uphold the Constitution,if the Constitution means Freedom. We willbe loyal to the Government, as long as the Governmentis loyal to the Declaration of Independence. and to say This civil war is our second Declaration of Independence,the fulfillment of the first, and indispensableto the carrying out of its intention. The sword, dripping with precious blood, bears unwillingwitness that force b insufficient to accomplishour purpose until we make alliance with justice andrighteousness. The necessity and the duty of nations is to shapetheir life in accordance with their idea. The idesadopted and published to the world by this nation, atthe commencement of its national life, was a just, agrand, a noble one; the purpose of the new nationwas declared to be to establish justice, and to securethe blessings of liberty. We failed to do the thingshere named; but we continued to use the names ofthem, as if those things had been actually accomplished;and our habit of using great words for littlethings had so for demoralized us, that we continuedto boast of this land as the land of freedom, while apermitted slavery was sapping the very foundations ofour national life. The Church joined with the State and the peopleto perpetuate tab demoralization. The God which itpreached was a God of dead Hebrews, not of livingAmericans. He was represented by the pulpit as severelypunishing Korsh, Dathan and Abiram, but aspaying no regard to the sins of Webster, Fillmore andBuchanan. The language of religion as well as ofpolitics perverted and reversed the truth, and helpedto demoralize the nation. In a country which would become and continue free,careful scrutiny of the Government is as importantas loyalty to it. We must see to it that those who administerour national affairs are not, either wholly orpartially, kindred to the men who have betrayed, andto the system which has debased us. It is eminousof evil, when we see public service withheld from Fremontand Phelps, the old representatives of justiceand freedom, and from Butler and Hamilton, who arebrave enough to confess themselves converted from apro-slavery democracy. The beneficent crisis through which we are nowpassing has come more through the vigor of the traitorsthan the virtue of the people. When slaveryfired the cannon of revolt, it exploded, and burst thefetters of the slave. The immense progress made in the year 1862 oughtto dispel all doubts of the reality of our movement towardsfreedom. Beginning with a timid Presidentialoffer of compensation to such States, rebel or loyal, asmight consent to enact emancipation, it ended with aproclamation of absolute, unconditional freedom, tothese millions of slaves. The war power in the Constitution to abolish slaverywas detracted, long ago, by the keen eye of PatrickHenry. Its sufficiency for that purpose is impliedin many clauses of that instrument. But if thedoctrines of the strict constructionists were true, theConstitution would be not only useless, but a fetter;not only powerless to secure the nation's welfare inordinary times, but a shackle holding her hands fromself-defense when the traitor's dagger is aimed at herbosom. Will it be believed by the librarian that men nowexist who expect and wish to go back to the Union asit was! Them are such men, but their expectationsand wishes am doomed to disappointment. TheUnion may mean war for many years, but it will nevermore mean slavery. as it was! It has been asked by many persons—May not thePresident, in certain possible contingencies, retract hisProclamation, and leave to the tender mercies of theslaveholders, in States returning to their allegiance,those whom he proclaimed to be "now, henceforwardand for ever free"! To this question, it is sufficientto reply that the nation, the negro and the world understoodthat Proclamation to be made in good faith;and that, whatever may he the President's faults, weare not authorized to expect from him an act so compoundedof baseness, falsehood and folly, as the onein question. The signs of the times now indicate further andmore rapid advance, instead of apostacy and retrogression.Thomas Sims has reappeared amongus, the symbol of an imperishable freedom, alike forhis race and ours. Our freedom is proving itself elasticand adaptive, no mere dead machinery. No greater impudence can be imagined than that ofthose among us who declare free speech to be in danger,because them have been a few instances of interferencewith their advocacy of men, and of a system,designed to destroy free speech forever. Their verycomplaints, printed daily in the midst of us, combinedas they are with new attacks upon our dearest rights,and constant sympathy with our bitterest enemies,are the best proof of the amazing clemency and forbearanceof the Government. their Emancipation has begun, and what it means isthis: Our civilization cannot spare the negro. Labornow exacts its dues, long withheld. Now, the slave,instead of the master, must be paid. Today paysthe first installment of our arrears. The slave has always been deceived and disappointedby the Government. He knows no friend but God.We have hitherto given him on sufficient reason totrust us. Yet he waits patiently, without attemptinginsurrection. The slave has stood hitherto as in the hollowof God's hand, a spectator of what is doing for himand against him. The revenges of divine power,more than our invading armies, have driven slaverybackward. Even now that the negro is invited to enlistin the war, he is forbidden to be an officer. The Christ of American civilization is the slave.Only through his emancipation can she be restored.The Church has proved apostate, shrinking from theduty of the hour. May not the slave yet be thepeacemaker, the ender of three strikes! Hatred of the negro is the North is more cruel thanslavery in the South. It slave stands between us andthe suppression of the rebellion to-day. We must bebraised more and more severely by the mill-stone ofGod's retributive justice, until this vice is eradicated. We have vain-gloriously boasted of our independence.It is time for as to learn that independence isonly self-government, while liberty, lighter and better,is God's government. This whole war is God'sclaim exacted in behalf of the slave. We shall fail orgreater is it according to the readiness, and the completeness,of our allowances of that claim. As to the danger of foreign intervention, if the Governmentwish help from England, or wish to avoidhindrance from her policy, let them show the Proclamationto have been made in earnest, and carry it outto universal freedom; let them foreclose interventionagaint us by putting the masses of Europe on ourside. I trust that Mr. Johnson may be invited to preachin other places the admirable sermon from whichthese fragments are taken. It is to the honor of the28th Congregational Society of Boston that they havealways kept their pulpit free for the advocacy of civilas well as religious liberty, and of secular as well astheological reform. It is a high satisfaction to thefounders of that Society to know, that when they provideda place Theodore Packer to be heard in Boston,they commenced and institution which has steadilycontinued ever since, not only to give for better instructionconcerning men's duties to God and to eachother than was or is to be found elsewhere in the city,but to provide for the crisis that has now came uponthe country by diffusing enlarged views of justice, offreedom, of civil rights and of political duties; andthey may well rejoice in seeing the extremes of thecircle of spiritual enlargement beyond their own body,first through the constant visits of many outsiders totheir Sunday services, and next through the increasedliberality and spirituality of a considerable proportionof the new generation of ministers.—C.K.W. 

 154 Washington  Milk St.October 24.  

 Whenever understands that slavery in the cause ofthis rebellion, knows very well, as a loyal or even a same man, what is the duty and what should beenprocedure of the nation in regard to that system.Slavery must die. Every one will confess it is whomto common sense is joined a desire for the triumph ofgood morals and popular government over a combinationof corruption and despotism. Slavery must perhaps.But how much of it! So much as is it in arms,too many voices. Let emancipation be the punishmentof revolt; for the rest, preserve the status quo—in reward of fidelity. But such is not the utterance ofdiscernment or statesmanship. For slavery, disguiseit as we may, is a unit, with one aim and one menfor existence, and these to rule. Its supports, hadin a more than Masonic fraternity, have differed onlyas to means, never as to ends. To subjugate and tohold away—this idea possesses every slaveholder fromthe Ohio to the Gulf. Revolt must have a localbeginning, and to South Carolina beings the infamy ofthe first blow; but the spirit of treason was not limitedto the Palmetto State, which neither slave as receivedthe perfidious conspiracy, nor backed alone bythe nominal members of the Conference. She rebelled, be it never forgotten, because there was slaveryin Maryland as well as in Georgia; in Kentucky,Delaware and Missouri, as well as in Florida, Mississippi,and Texas. To the Border States incontestablyis due the present war as much as much as to all the rest of theslaveholding alliance. Not less would this have beentrue, had they taken at the start a position againstrebellion. It was the moral influence of the institutionin their midst that nerved the first onslaught uponthe nation's life. Massachusetts did not sit in theCharleston Convention, Ohio was not found upon itsbenches; but Kentucky was there, and Maryland wasthere, speaking through Carolinian lips and votingthrough Carolinian ballots. These pointed the gunsof Beauregard at Sumter, these beleaguered the nation'scapital, and these have assisted and cannot helpassisting the South in every conflict of the war. Thisis both in the nature of things, and in accordance withthe actual conduct of the Border States ever since thewar broke out. And yet we speak of their loyaltyand fidelity—the very virtues to which they have andcan have no pretension. Slavery, then, is one and indivisible. Proclamationswhich strive to make it otherwise are delusive.Every chain must be broken, or none need be. ThePresident acknowledged this when he urged the BorderStates to disappoint the hopes of the Confederacyby emancipation; yet how little penetration waswanted to see that because these hopes had a foundationin fact, he had an undoubted right, if it was nothis sacred duty, to destroy them himself! His right,we say, if not his duty; for, as to the former, it cannot,he controverted that the War Power which, for thepreservation of the republic, may extinguish, a sourceof danger in South Carolina, can as well do so in Ohio,and as well in Kentucky and Maryland. It is not a question of the loyalty of a particular section, butwhether it contains a principle, a usage, or an institutionwhich is incompatible with the safety of the State.The War Power, consequently, is limited only to honestyof purpose in its exercise, and to a just object forits application; and in both these particulars the peoplehave made the President sole arbiter. Likewisewith him alone rests the matter of duty, which wemay patiently suffer him to postpone, if we do not lethim forget it. Sooner or later, if our reasoning hasthus far been correct, universal emancipation will become the duty of the Commander-in-Chief. The signsof the times in Maryland, Western Virginia and Missouri,are encouraging, but they are not enough. Allslave, or wholly free; all despotic, or all democratic,all "comer-stone, " or all Declaration! The slaveholder who as such returns to the Union, returns  rule us. Slavery does not exist because it may, bebecause it will. If allowed to breathe, it will secureprotection for its lungs. If protected, it will grow; it grows, it will spread; if it spreads, we are lost again.No ingenuity of compromise can take dominion fromslavery without at the same time subtracting life.emancipation be less than immediate, we cannot escapethe guaranty of a fugitive law, and the flux of bitterwaters from the opening of such a forest. because   Let us end as we began. Slavery is the cause and stayof the rebellion; it must be destroyed. It is aunit; it must perish everywhere.—W.P.G. 

 MA CORNS, by Dr. N. appliedonly  PLACE, All  of the april     LACE     

 In the Massachusetts House of Representation atMonday last, Mr. Hopkins, of Northampton, from theCommittee on Federal Relations, reported the followingresolves:— Resolved, That Massachusetts reaffirms her loyalto the Constitution and the Union of the United Statesof America, to the General Government, its officersand magistrates, and to all the laws, Proclamationsby which the Government aims to preservethe national authority; and pledges to the maintenanceof the same all her moral and material resources. Resolved, Since it is the main and vital objects,our national organization "to promote the generalwelfare and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselvesand our posterity, " she cordially recognizes the politicalthe justice and the necessity of the ultimate extinctionof all these forms of tyranny and vassalage whichhave hitherto marred our national unity and powerand that she countenances, approves, and will evermaintain all lawful acts of the constituted authoritywhich recognize and contemplate this end. Resolved, That she tenders to the Presidentthe officers and men of our national forces, her found thanks for their untiring efforts in the causedour country, which, being one with the cause ofuniversalfreedom and humanity, is destined, under Godand through our unflinching loyalty, to be crownedwith success.  Resolved, That his Excellency the Government requestedto forward a copy of these resolves to thePresident of the United States. These resolves were adopted nem, con., and frequentlyengrossed, and, of course, will receive thehearty concurrence of the Senate. 

 We were playing a game of euchreBy the dull Chickahominy's tide;Not playing for filthy issue,But only our cares to hide:For there's suffering on chill as inaction,when after from our dear ones we room;And the game but a magic attraction,For it drowsed the and thoughts of our home.        Then our pickets from the every outlaying,Had come in from the forthereat stand,And ask Colored we overheard saying,They had brought in a contraband.Twas a slave from the camps of the foeman,Bringing news of the peril at hand;Twas no man, but a beautiful woman,That we now midst our officers stand.        And she stand there as handsome a creatureAn the own of a mortal have soon;Of the five combine true was each feature,And most cable and grateful her mien;And her face, like the pure ala-baster,Was as fair as you'll find in the land;Yet this being was earned by a master—Was a slave and a contraband!        She had passed through the greatest of dangers,But Providence guided her way;And she warned us, the brave Northern strangers,Of danger and death are the day:For at night, when the deepest of slumbersShould enshroud the whole camp in its pall,Then the rushing of uncounted numbersWould e'erwholm and destroy us all.        She was sent to the rear, and was guarded,And our Quarrel was heard to sayIn a speech, with wile oaths interlarded,We'd he in at the death before day.And so it befel ere the morning—For 'twas just at the mid-watch of nightThat, with scarcely on hear of warning,We were' whelmed in a terrible fight.        Our army, aroused, sternly waitedFor the enemy's stealthy attack,And, with courage and seal unabated',Resistlessly hurled them back.There were swathe of the dead and the dyingIn the track of that furious fray;While the fee, from our florce outset flying,Disappeared are the dawning of day.        'Twas that slave, at her life's greatest peril,Saved our arms from defeat on that plain:—Is justices so dead or so sterileAs to yield her to slavery again?Shall the lash of a merciless masterSear that beautiful from as of yore?Shall we, saved from the verge of disaster,Turn her back into bandage once more?        Ay! they sent the "girl" back in the morning,When the master name in for his slave!All honor, all manliness scorning,They consigned her to worse than the grave!We saw the slave-hunters surround her—And her mute, inexpressible woo,As the hands of that vile master bound her,None but God and his angels may know!        Is it strange that God, the eternal,Should unchain all the bolts of His wrath,Thus to wipe out this bandage infernal,Or to sweep our whole race from His path,Store honor and justice no longerAre practiced or known in the land—Since the weak must how down to the stranger,And God's image is contraband?        St Johnsbury, Vt. F.B. GAGE. AGE. 

 ☞THE CONTINENTAL MONTHLY, for May,received by A. Williams &Co., and presents a very attractive and instructive table of contents. Amongthe articles are—The Great Prairies State, by Mr.C.M. Kirkland; A Winter in Camps, by E.G. Hammond;a continuation of Mr. Kirke's admirable Merchant's Story; A Heroine of To-Day; The of Forts Jackson and St. Philip, by F.H. Geddesof the Const Survey; The Value of the Union, William, H. Muller; The Destiny of the African,in the United States, by Rev. Dr. SturtThe Union, by Hen. R.J. Walker; The Causes andResults of the War, by Lieut. Egbert Phelps, U.S. .Was He Successful! By R.B. Kimball; several  poems; literary notices, &C. The June numberof the Continental will contain an article on Confederation and the Nation, by Edward .The Publishers offer liberal terms to new subscribers.Who can apply to A. Williams &Co., Boston. HE ONTINENTAL ONTHLY      Continental   

 Come quickly, O, thou Spring!Write love's fair alphabet upon the sodIn many-colored flowers to preach of God,Our everlasting King!    Come from the rosy South,In chariot of incomes and of light,Dissolve the lingering snows that glisten whiteBeneath thy fragrant mouth.    Walk softly o'er the earth,Thou blessed spirit of the Eden-time;Thy breath is like an income-laden clime,Gasping rich bowers of mirth.    Thy virgin herald's here—The snow deep hears her bosom to the gale,While down her check, so delicately pale,Trichina a crystal tear.    The lark now sears above,As if he felt thy freedom on his wings,While from his heaven-attuned threat there ringsA charming peal of love.    The yet unbearded wheatNow timidly put forth it tender leaf,To drink sweet dews—for winter, ancient chief,Crawls is off with tattering feet.    Your sorrown now inter,Ye dwellers in dark cities! Spring is nigh;She bathes her garments in a sunset sky,And treads the halls of Myrrh.    To God an anthem sing,When forth ye hurry to the fields of bloom;In lights the flowers, and lifts, us from the tombTo everlasting Spring!    

 Tell the drunkard the debauches that he is arained man, and be will state upon you with astonishmentand frown upon you with indignation. So isit with this nation. She is annoyed and angry at thecharge of being ruined. Nevertheless, she has beenruined for more than forty year. From the and hourwhen Slavery triumphed over Freedom in the MissouriCompromise, down to the present no sadderhour, she has never ceased to be a ruined nation. Our nation saw a fierce and mighty Rebellion springup within her borders, and ripen into the organizationof as independent government. She saw, here andthere her little Peace army, or rather armed police,betrayed into its hands; and here and there the rebelsplundering her treasuries. She saw them so bold asto fire at her ships, and seize her forts, and build upfortifications over against her own. Nevertheless,(thing unheard of in the history of nations!) she didnot move. Why could she not Simply becauseshe was ruined. It is true that news of taking of Sumterproved that the nation was not entirely dead. Thiselectric shock detected some lingering remains of patriotism. But that President Lincoln, though loyaland loving the right, was nevertheless, incompetentto avail himself of the occasion, and to stride effectivelyfor her salvation, was among the painful proofsthat the nation was still ruined. In common withthe nation, he was drugged and debauched by Slavery.How then could he suddenly rise up in earnestinstance to the Rebellion it had prompted? Oh,could he have then believed that the military necessitiesof the country would justify his summoning tohis standard every slave in the land, how soon wouldthe Rebellion have been put down! Or even had hegone no further than to summon to it, at that nick oftime, the slaves of the revolted States! Are we toldthat the people were not yet prepared for so strong ameasure! They were—and never since so well.Moreover the measure itself would have completethe preparation—would have supplied any possiblelack in it. Nothing is so mighty to convert men tothe night as bravery for the right. The fearless andan hesitating leader is the one they love to follow.Had the ride in our nation's affairs been taken at theSumter flood, it would have led her "on to fortune."But our leader lacked the courage and decision to takeit. Through his timidity and indecision, it was leftto subside, with but little profit having come of it.And alas? how her voyage since been "boundin shallows and in miseries"! The enthusiasm, kindledby the outrageous and infamous assault on Sumter,was suffered to pass away. Very soon, the peoplesank down into a willingness to hear demagoguesand traits prate about the Constitution. In nonebut a ruined nation can the people, at the very timewhen the his of their nation is struck at, give ear tosuch prating. Does this late-in-the day call upon the blacks tocured themselves in our army prove that our nationis not ruined? For from it—especially so, since theGovernment has not the manliness to promise to seeto it that captured blacks shall, instead of being murderedor sold into slavery as the rebels threaten, beWented as prisoners of war. I referred to this prating about the Constitution.It continues unabated to this day. Anxiety lest wemay lose, not the Constitution, is noless irrational, and is infinitely more ruinous, thanwould be anxiety to save, not the man from drowningbut his hat from going down stream. I. who have never spoken nor written one wordagainst the Constitution, and who have spoken andwritten more words for it than did ever any pro-slaveryman, living or dead, can afford to say that thisprating for it has made "Constitution" the most offensiveof all the sounds that stride upon my ear."Slavery" itself is to me a lese disturbing word thanthis one, under cover of which Slavery is hypocriticallyserved. I spoke of the continuance of this prating. In replyno every proposition for a more vigorous prosecutionof the war, we are still met with the cry, "TheConstitution! The Constitution!!" And even now,When we would help on the war by allowing the soldersof the State of New York to vote at her elections,we are met by this same cry. Surely, surely.we have here another proof that our nation is ruined. How commanding are the reasons for allowingthem to vote! No other class of men have so emphatica right to vote for the rulers of their country asthese, who are periling their lives for her, and doingsome than any an all other classes to save her.There is no other class of men whose rights we shouldheld so sacred. Then, to convince them that we lovethem and stand by them, we should hasten to recognizeall their rights and to facilitate their exercise.Moreover that they may be inspired to do their utmostfor their country, they must see that they areregarded not as her armed defenders only, but as stillher citizens—and her citizens not robbed of, but projectedin their rights, by their fellow-citizens whomthey have left at home. A European army is for themost part made up of the dregs of the population—ofmen without acknowledged political rights, and withoutcharacter. Very different is our army. It iscomposed of those who, besides being our superiorsin patriotism and courage, are our equals in rights, intelligenceand character. Let this be borne in mindby all who would disfranchise them. I add, that thereis no other class of men whom we should feel ourselvesso strongly bound to honor, and to gratify inevery possible way, as our noble and beloved soldiers.Another argument for allowing the soldiersto vote, it that here one of them who is a Democrat,and there one of them who is a Republican will,under some excuse or other, go home to play hispart in deciding a hotly contested and doubtful election.This, besides damaging the efficiency of thearmy furnishes just ground of complaint, now to oneof the parties, and now to the other. Nevertheless,the temptation to this violation of duty is too strongto be successfully resisted by all. American citizens,educated as they are to prize the ballot, and accustomedas they are to cast it, cannot easily school themselvesinto contentment with not casting it. But it is claimed that the framers of the Constitutionof our State intended that voting at our electionsshould be always in person, and never by proxy. Ourpro-slavery demagogues have made so much accountof the pro-slavery words of some of the framers ofthe Federal Constitution, that the habit of interpretinga Constitution, in the light of what its framersintended has come to obtain all over the country.But in point of fact, the intentions of its farmers, assuch, are not be allowed to enter at all into the interpretationand meaning of a Constitution—no, nomore than the intentions of the scrivener, who wrotethe deed, into the interpretation and meaning of thedeed. What the people who adopted it interned byit as the only legitimate inquiry at this point; andwhat they intended by it is to be learned solely fromits letter, where that is unambiguous. Nay more;where the purpose is to defeat rights, (and suffrage inamong the highest rights,) we are not at liberty toseek help outside of the letter of the Constitution. The letter of the Constitution in the case before usis entirely free from ambiguity. It clearly leaves itto the Legislature to say how the voting shall be—whether is person or by proxy—whether it shall beof is one way, or a part in one way, and a part inanother. It does say that a part of the voting shallbe by ballot; and it might as easily have said that allvoting shall be in person. But it does not say it.What it would have said, had it spoken on the point,is an utterly impertinent inquiry. Moreover, it is afair, not to say irresistible inference, that inasmuch asthe Constitution does at one point, and only on point,prescribe the manner of voting, it intended to leave itis the Legislature to prescribe it at every other. Iaid, that were it our custom to vote by proxy, no onewould regard such voting as repugnant to the Constitution.But clearly, if with that custom it wouldnot be unconstitutional, the lacking of that customcannot make it unconstitutional. Not custom, but theConstitution, determines what voting is constitutional. So far as the Constitutions is concerned, the legislaturemay provide that all the voting he by party. Iadmit that such a provision would be unwise. I admit,too that I can conceive of no other seen than thatof the solders is which it would to who in theircase, it would be, not only for the reasons I have mentioned,but because the soldiers are so numerous. Iwould not, for the sake of accommodating a comparativehandful of aged or infirm men, have our Statesallow so objectionable a mode of voting as in that byproxy; but for the sake of securing the rights of halfa million to a million of soldiers, I would not onlyhave them allow it, but I would denounce the denialagainst both the soldiers and the country, For one, I shout with joy, and I would have everyother lover of his dear country and of her dear defendersdo so, that there is not one line nor she wordin our State Constitution against voting by proxy. I said that our nation is ruined. She is. But Ihave never despaired of her recovery from her ruin.Few things inspire me with so strong a hope of thisrecovery as the growing; disposition to let the armyvote. They who meet the rebels face to face knowbetter how to vote than do we, wise keep ourselves ata safe distance from the foe. Ay, and they have betterearned the right to vote. If either of us mustbe disfranchised—I, who remain amongst the comfortsand safety of home, or he who welcomes the sufferingsand perils of the soldier; I, who know the rebelsbut by hearing of these, or he, who known themby seeing and feeling them; I, who but read of thebattles, or he, who baa part in them—then, in thename of reason and religion, let it be me and not him. he GERRIT SMITH. Peterboro', April 20th, 1853. 

 In what fair country are the Souths winds straying,With lingering steps and slow?Amid what fairy groves and flowery delaying,With whisperings soft and low?    Where stays the spring-time, with her sunny tresses,And coronal of flowers;Her visits, upspringing 'mid the grasses,And gentle, Southern showers?    All dogs-upon the bllerina I have listenedTo bear her tusking feet;With quick, imperious footsteps I have hastenedHer glad return to great.    Why comes she not? The mountain streams are breakingTheir silence deep and stern,And silvery echoes, the still air awaking,Call for her sweet return.    At last—oh, joy! I hear soft music ringing,And-fragrances file the air,And pale, green buds in eager haste are springing,Her welcoming to share!    And in the cir a dreamy softness lingers,And violets arise,As if some fairy, with enucleated fingers,Had touched their sealed eyes!    Springfield, Pa. F.D. 

 WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON We can never put down this rebellion by war alone.We must find Union men in the country of our enemies,or put them there. If we cannot do this, ourefforts are vain. Some forty years ago, Russia (seventy millions)commenced a war of subjugation onCircassia, (two millions,) and the job is still on hand.Look at the map! Fire hundred thousand armedmen would scarce be felt in such a vast domain. Wecannot assure oar conquests, as the Jews and Tartarsdid, by universal massacre. But if we had, say sixor seven millions of friends there, the case would bevery different. Suppose we count the negroes as fourmillions of these Unionists,—though we don 't deservethat they should be our friends; the other two orthree millions can be readily enough provided in soldiersand their families. Now turn to the map again.We have as Hilton Head and vicinity a position amongthe islands impregnable from the land. It is near theline of Georgia and South Carolina—the two Stateshaving the densest population of slaves. Push a forceinto the country from tills point until you can place onehundred thousand stand of arms in the hands of onehundred thousand negroes. Drill them; make an armyof them. This will take a year to do, and do it well.With one half the population on our side, and onehundred thousand of them in arms, what shall hindercommunications being opened with West North Carolinaand East Tennessee, three hundred miles away?This cuts the rebellion in two. Now make friends ofthe poor whites. The slave-driver's lies can be counteractedwhen you can have access to them. Herecommences the true labor of the Abolitionist. Thethirty years of contumely, mobs and social ostracismwere only the introduction to their real work, just asthe thirty years' traitorous scheming of the slave-driverswas but the preparation for their present labors inthis devilish rebellion. We must colonize. Abolitionistsmust take the lead. Soldiers with their families,civilians with theirs, and the negroes, must dividethe slaveholders' plantations, and occupy themby the strong hand. It won't be necessary to killall the slave-owners. France did not kill half of thearistocracy that had fattened on her blood and musclefor centuries. She expelled them, and she confiscatedtheir land. This is the only cure for this ulcer. Givethe land of the aristocracy of human flesh to thosewho will hold it in the interests of liberty. There isno such dangerous enemy as the enemy who colonizes.If we are not ready to colonize, we may as well stopwhere we are. confiscated their land. We want another army of a hundred thousand negroesat New Orleans, and another in Northern Alabamaand Mississippi. But O, non-resistant! how shall these things be, exceptwith force, violence, homicide? When barbarouscupidity would steal our country, when the cold-bloodedmurder of a non-resistant Abolitionist onlywhets the wolfish appetite for another victim, what isthe Peace Society going to do about it? Let the Abolitionistlay its hypocritical letter on the shelf, andtake in one hand the only argument which the slave-driverrecognize and understands—the John Brownargument—in the other the spelling-book and proceedon his mission of Peace. Truly, yours, J.B. LYON. Cleveland, Ohio. M ☞In his interrogations, our correspondent overlooksthe fact, that our land is cursed with slavery andafflicted with war solely because it rejects the principlesof peace. "Wisdom is justified of her children.""Let the dead bury their dead."—Ed. Lib.] Ed. Lib. 

 Not yet,—along the purpling skyWe one the dawning ray;But leagues of cloudy distance lieBetween as and the day.    Not yet,—the also waits sereneIts promised advent-hour;A patient century of greenTo one full, perfect flower!    Not yet—no harvest-song is songIn the sweet our of spring;Nor hear we, while the blade is young,The pushers sickle owing.    Not yet—before the crown the cress;The struggle are the prize;Before the gain the fearful less;And death ere Paradise.    CAROLINE A. MASON. ASON. 

 When our leading journals, orators, and brave menfrom the battle-field complain that Northern womenfeel no enthusiasm in the war, the time has come forus to speak—to pledge ourselves loyal to Freedom andour Country. This for, there has been no united public expressionfrom the women of the North as to the policy of the war.Here and there, one has spoken, and written nobly.Many have vied with each other in acts of generosityand self-sacrifice for the sick and wounded to campand hospital. But we have, as yet, no means ofjudging how and where the majority of Northern womenstand. If it be true that, at this hour the women of theSouth are there devoted so that come than we toours the fact, live leave! They was and feci the horrorsof the war; the five is on their firesides; whilewe; in press and plenty, live and move in heretofore.There's as inspiration, too, in a definite purpose,it good or bad, The women of the South know whattheir none are fighting for. Two women of the Northdo not. They appreciate the blessings of Slavery;we do not the blessing of Liberty. We have neveryet realized the glary of there institutions in whosedefence it is the high privilege of our sires and sonsthis day to bleed and die. They are aristocratswith a lower class, servile and obsequious, intrenchedin feudal homes. We are aristocrats under protest,who must go abroad to indulge our tastes, andenjoy in foreign despotisms the courts and costumewith the genius of a republic repudiates and condemns. But, from the beginning of the Government, therehave been women among an who, with the authorof the immortal John Quincy Adams, have inmentedthe inconsistencies of our theory and practice, anddemanded for ALL the people the exercise of theserights that belong to every citizen of a republic. The women of a nation-mould its morals, religionand politics. The Northern treason, now threateningto betray us to our face, is hatched at our own firesides,where traitor snobs, returned from Europeand the South, out of time and tune with independenceand equality, infuse into their sons the love of casteand class, of fame and family, wealth and case, andbaptize it all in the name of Republication and Christianity. Let every woman understand that tine war involvesthe same principles that have convulsed the nationsof the earth from Pharaoh to Abraham Lincoln—Libertyor Slavery—Democracy or Aristocracy—Christianityor Barbarism—and choose, this day, whetherour republican institutions shall be placed on an enduringbasis, and an eternal peace secured to ourchildren, or whether we shall leap back through generationsof tight and experience, and meekly bowagain to chains and slavery. Shall Northern freemen yet stand silent lookers-onwhen through Topeka. St Paul, Chicago, Cleveland,Boston and New York, men and women, little boysand girls, chained in gangs, shall march to their ownsad music, beneath a tyrant's lash? On our sacredsoil shall we behold the auction block—babies sold bythe pound, and beautiful women for the vilest purposesof lust; where parents and children, husbandsand wives, brothers and sisters shall be torn from eachother, and sent East and West, North and South?Shall our free presses and free schools, our palacehomes, colleges, churches and stately capitols all belevelled to the dust? Our household gods all desecrated,and our proud lips, ever taught to sing paeansto Liberty, made to swear allegiance to the god ofSlavery? Such degradation, and more than wordscan tell, shall yet be ours, If we gird not up our giantfreemen now to crush this rebellion, and root out foreverthe hateful principle of caste and class. Menwho, is the light of the Nineteenth Century, believethat God made one race all booted and spurred, andmother to be ridden; who would build up a governmentwith slavery for its corner-stone, cannot live onthe same continent with a pure democracy. To counsel grim-vieaged war seams hard to comefrom women's lips; but better far that the bones ofour sons and sires whiten every Southern plain, thatwe do their rough work at home, than that Liberty,struck dumb in the Capital of our Republic, shouldplead no more for man. Every woman who appreciatesthe grand problem of national life, must say,war, pestilence, famine, anything but as ignoble peace. We are but co-workers now with the true ones ofevery age. The history of the past is but one longstruggle upward to equality. All men, born slaves toignorance, superstition, lust and fear, crept throughcenturies of darkness, discord and despair—now onerace dominant, then another—but in this ceaselesswarring, ever wearing of their chains and the grossmaterial surroundings of a mere animal existence, atlest the sun of civilization and Christianity dawned onthe soul of man, and the precious seed of the ages,garnered up in the Mayflower, was carried in the hollowof God's hand across the mighty waters, and planteddeep beneath the snow and lee of Plymouth Rock,with prayers and thanksgiving. And what grew there?,Man and women who loved liberty better than life;meet and women who bettered that not only in personbut in speech, should they be free, and worship theGod who had brought them thus far, according tothe dictates of their own conscience; men and women,who, like Daniel of old, defied the royal lion in his den;men and women who repudiated the creeds and codesof despots and tyrants, and declared to a waiting worldthat all men are created equal. And for rights likethese the fathers fought for seven long years, and wehare no record that the women of that revolution everonce cried, "Hold, enough!" till the invading foewas conquered, and oar independence recognized bythe nations of the earth. And here we are, the grandest nation on the globe.By right, no privileged caste or class; education freeto all; the humblest digger in the ditch has all thecivil, social and religions rights with the highest inthe land. The poorest woman at the wash-tab maybe the mother of a future President. Here, all areheirs apparent to the throne. The genius of our institutionsbids every man to rise, stand upright, perfectand use all the powers that God has given him. It cannot be, that for blessing such as these, nowtwice baptized in blood, the women of the North do notstand ready for say sacrifice. A sister of Kocsuth, with aha as exile to this country,in conversion one day, called my attention toan iron bracelet, the only ornament she ware. In thedarkest days of Hungary, said she, our noble womenthrew their wealth and jewels into the public treasury,and clothing from hands around their writes, pledgedthemselves that these should be the only jewels theywould wear that till Hungary was free. If darker hours than there should came to us, thewomen of the North will count no sacrifice see great.What see wealth and jewels, home and case, slave andsons, to the birthright of freedom, secured to as bythe horers of the Revolution—liberty to universalmen? Shall a priceless hermitage life thin be wrestednew from or by southern tyrant, and Northernwomen look on unmoved, or basely bid our freemensee for press? No! No! The vacant places at onefiresides, the void in every heart, says, No! south sacrificesmust not be in vain! The cloud that hangsover all our Northern homes is glided with the hope,that through thee present sufferings the nation shallto redeemed. ELIZABETH GADY STANTON. New York, North 20, 1863. 

 CHAPTER XI. WOMAN UNDER THE LAW. In a private room of the Massasoit, Springfield,two gentlemen act in low, earnest conversation. "Yes, it may be so"—the letter and older of thetwo was just saying in a muring manner. "I was notaware that he had been there, of had ever seen you;"and he drew a deep breath of relief. "Yet, while itaccounts for the mention of place and name, my suspicionsare not wholly removed. The locality evidentlyoccupies his thoughts, in some way, and is notsafe for a day. A search warrant at the door of thatcottage is a thing to be anticipated, any moment.Could she not be removed at night to the Missons Kent,until strong enough for a longer journey!" "That has occurred to me while we have been talking;but there is peril in any such unaccustomedmovement through the town at such a time. I doubtwhether as attempt at search would be successful, ifMiss Harriet was the porter, " said the younger of thegentlemen, with a smile. "How? What do you mean Herton, my dear follow!" "I mean the pitiful officials would be outwitted, insome way—I cannot predict how." "Is it safe to trust to that?" safe "Dr. Welford thanks she has gained so rapidly sinceher convalescence began, that in a few days she maytravel at easy stages. Even the most importantlycurious of village gossipy would find nothing to wonderat in the fact that a Doctor took his patient out for anstring, or that another invalid, Miss Mary Williams,accompanied them. Could we he sure of those fewdays all would be well. The next conveyance wouldfind her at the farm-house I mentioned, whose existenceis scarcely suspected from its seclusion; thenceby easy drives and frequent wayside restings we shall,I am confident, get our sacred charge into a secure retreat"Edgar sighed as we have heard him before.His companion gave a penetrating glance of kind inquiryto the downcast face, which Edgar seemed notaware of. "My dear friend, " said Mr. Berkeley, tenderly, andthat friend blushed, ingenuously, as the tone met hisear, "I shall never feel, for a moment, that AdelaHerman is safe while in the United States. Our nextaim must he to art her across the line, Ah, my dearHorton, it is a sad thing for patriot citizens to beobliged to make this admission. How should we feelwith regard to a person whom we reverenced—a parent,for instance, on whose otherwise noble charactera stain of corresponding magnitude with this rested?Talk of our being over-zealous! I wonder at my habitualapathy when each events make me fully consciousof the enormity of my country's sin and wo.A so-called Christian family, where the most innocentand lovely of its children must flee for safety to thehabitations of strangers!" A profound sigh was theonly response; but, instantly, Edgar rallied, for be feltthose searching eyes open him. Christian family "We talk of the history of our country, Mr. Berkeley.The Preface is all we have, as yet." "True, wholly true, Horton. And that unwrittenvolume will, I fear, be one of fearful tragedy. Thesaving atonement is ever vicarious; the baptism ofrenewal is ever in blood. The progress of Justiceand Truth in the world is still with bleeding feet andpierced side over a burning marl and the cruel shardsof a nominal civilization. God save as, although it beat this painful cost! Salvation is far from as now, inour fancied safety. Peace, that we pride ourselves onhaving maintained so long, is but the ominous pausethat preludes a storm. By the very integrity of God'slaws that strife must come, ere long, which. 'Hurled headlong flaming from the ethereal sky,With hideous ruin and combustion, downTo bottomless perdition', these'Who durst dy the Omnipotent'"     "You are not anticipating a civil war, Mr. Berkeley,other than that of the ballot-box at the approachingPresidential election?" "My friend, I know something of the North andSouth of this nation. The policy of the latter hasborne away for more than a quarter of country, becausethe timidity and cupidity of the former haveallowed it; ay, more-have voluntarily wrought forit. The party of Freedom is gaining in numbers atthe North, but not in courage., That party will occupythe places of power, after this autumnal crisis,but will lack the directness and force that come in oneof two ways, if they come at all-from the habit ofbearing rule, or from thorough possession by the ideawhich forms the basis of action. The South, whollyunscrupulous, is as sublimely control around its purposeas its great Prototype, who uttered, in the languageof the Immortal Bard, the sentiment common to both, courage. habit ofbearing rule thorough possession 'To reign is worth ambition, though in hell;Better to range is bell, than serve in heaven."  Frustrated, by numbers, in their so called civil schemesfor power, the adherents of oppression will imitatethe action, as well as echo the sentiment of their renownedexemplars. To do this they will be encouragedby what they know so well to be true—that it is a majorityinnumbers, not in effective force, that supercedesthem in authority; that so many of the transient butpotent interests of the North are on their side; thateverywhere, among the acknowledged followers of theHighest Truth of the Hour, every twelfth is a Judas.Milton still shall speak for me; for his grand epic givesthe greatnees of my thought better than my weakwords can do. Had the North by its uncompromisingmoral energies compelled the South—as it was its rightand duty to do—complied the antagonists, of Freedomto say of it as Beelzebub said of the 'King ofHeaven'— civil numbers force 'For he, he sure,In bight or depth, still first and last will reignSole King, and of his kingdom less no partBy our revolt, but ever hell extendHis empire, and with iron ceptre ruleUs here, as with his golden these is heaven.'      Had this legitimate sovereignty of the Right been exercisedthirty years ago, and still exercised, unfalteringlyto the present hour, the dark omens of thepresent had been bright harbingers, instead, or magnificentdisplays of unexampled possibilities madeactual. Whether this inherent principal of Omnipotencewill rouse and assert itself when the crisiscomes, it is not easy to determine; but I incline tothe opinion that the majestic form of Justice will stillcreep in the leading-strings of "expediency, " andthe regal arm of Righteousness be still manacled by"compromise." Edgar, it is a heart-sickening commentaryon the progress of the race, that the menaceof evil has still so much more present power than thepromises of good. But, pardon me, my friend, I shallinfect you with what you may deem fit of vaporsdu noirs." vaporsdu noirs. "Not so, Mr. Berkeley; I agree with you in everyword you utter; and venture to predict that the verynext step of the party nominally on the side of Rightwill he one of compromise—I mean the selection ofa candidate for the Presidency. Half the victory inany contest is won by that courageous confidencewhich is prepared is walk directly to its goal withoutswerve or halt, taking for grunted the confidence ofothers in its success and right to success, and converting,by the irresistible magic of mid, hindrances intohelps. The other half finds its conditions in the rightchoice of agents directed by the same spirit. Thecause of Freedom drops out this spinal column fromthe vircus—Slavery inserts it, effectively, of course,into its vice, Hence our present position; hence thetoo tangible basis of your prophecy." Here the gentleman removed the suspect subjectthat brought them together. We leave them, and takeour next post of observation at the Williams Cuttage,some days better. Miss Harriet's trim figure was arrested in a verybecoming nine-penny calico morning-gown, (everything seemed to fit well and take just the right coloron her,) with an ample gingham apron, and armshared to the elbows; she seemed to be the onlyoccupant of the first floor of the cottage, and wasmoving with quest, cheerful alacrity about her well-orderedkitchen, in the discharge of her morninghousehold duties. Occasionally a fragment of somefamiliar melody dropped, in a subdued warble, fromher lips into the harmonies of her other subued activities. Suddenly the sharp vibration of her, for aweek unmuffed, door-bell broke in upon the domesticrhythm. Evidently there was no one to respond to itbut Miss Harries; she, however, manifested no perturbationbut tranquilly laying aside her tightly celledapron, and confining her sleeves at the wrists, proceededto the "front-door." Nor did a formidablearray of three persons of the other son, which presenteditself before the entrance, disturb her equanimityalthough one of those persons was Dencon. Sleeperhimself. That devout official, whom we last saw ina yet more worshipful capacity, bowed his profoundestbow, and smiled his blandest smile, on his round eyeslighted on the unembarrassed maiden; them glancedoff with the restlessness of latest anxiety to a dark-browedand darker-bearded personage at his side,whom the indy recognized with a perfectly self-possessedinclination of the head; then fell, on if theywould gladly expand into ancient shindigs for his protection,upon a small, wiry, parchment image, withgimlet eyes and jackknife adjustment of movements.Miss Harriet certainly seemed tailor than usual, as sheglanced over the group, but, otherwise, there wasnothing to remark as different from her habitual aspectand demeanor. There was not so long a pauseon the threshold as this paragraph seems to indicate. worshipful capacity "Will you walk in, gentlemen?" asked the hostessof her visitors when the salutatory how had passedwholly around. The trio followed her into the littleparlor where we have witnessed other interestingscenes. Motioning them to seats with one hand, withthe other she quietly but adroitly closed and lockedthe door, and transferred the key to the pocket of thatnine-penny calico gown—so adroitly was it done, thatit was wholly unobserved by the guests; then takinga seat which commanded a view of the entire group,she commenced one of those ordinary conversationswhich are the universal accompaniments of morningcalls. The dark man scrutinized the face of the ladyjust as we saw him survey that of a gentleman notmany weeks ago at a hotel in Boston. The parchmentman tried to impale her with his gimlet eyes;but she wasn't woolen butterfly, and wasn't an admirerof his erudition, and, therefore, somehow, hecouldn't succeed in the effort; the glances droppedone at a time from under that firm, truthful, womanlyeye, as black glass heads might drop from a string.The round action fidgeted with a mixture of laward experienceswith the tangle of some threads of circumstance.which it evidently was his business to begin tountie; his eyes grew larger and rounder at every revolutionabout the circle, and his breath came with thelabored leavings of asthma. At length, in a pause oftheir hostess' pleasant monologue, for it was that motherthan conversation, the overcharged nature foundvent, thus— "Miss Harriet, the object of Mr. Belmaine's call thismorning will, I suppose, be very disagreeable to you.—I am very sorry for the necessity—I wick I couldhave prevented it. But, since it not be, I have triedto make it as agreeable as possible by bringing onlyfriends". Saying this, he showed the lady a warrantfor searching her house, for the recovery of a runawayslave, owned by Mr. Belmaine, and supposed to havebeen lodged for some time under Miss Williams's roof. Mine Harriet examined the warrant and the affidavitof personal appearance with deliberate coolnessthen returning them to the slaveholder said, veryfirmly, but with an air of surprise. "And pray, air, why do you bring these papers to me?" "Of course, " interposed Deacon Smulley, nowspeaking with his tongue for the first time since hecame into the presence, "of course, your sister is theproper person, madam, being the senior, and thereforethe head of the house. Shall we eye your sister?" "Whatever business it is proper for either of us totransact with you, gentleman, is most proper for me,my sister being an invalid, and unable to see you.Were she standing here, she would put the same questionthat I have done—What have I to do in a matterof this sort?" "Nothing, madam, " replied Mr. Belmaine, verycourteously, yet, at the same time, very offensively,"nothing, but to grant cheerfully to our courtesy whatthe law gives us a right to demand—an examination ofyour premises for the purpose herein stated." demand "Permit me to ask, sir, how the law addresses wethe this instance of its demand, whether as a womanwhose weakness may be taken advantage of by it, oras a freeholder in the land?" "As a freeholder, certainly, madam, " answered theJustice of the peace. "You are addressed as any manwould be, under the same circumstances—the lawthus recognizes you, in this connection, by victim ofyour ownership of property." "Certainly, Miss Marrlet, " chimed in DeaconSleeper, anxious to say something conciliatory, "youare taxed as a man would be, you know, and the lawmake all other demands in the same way." "Precisely, I am aware. Now listen to me a momentgentlemen, if you please. Your own admissionsshall sit in judgment on what else I say. I amrecognized as a freeholder in every detail whose obedienceto the laws and support of them is concerned,but denied all share in making those laws that controlmy person and my property. This I hold to be in violationof the very spirit of all our legislation, whichgives the right of representation wherever it demandsthe right of taxation. This idea, gentlemen, you, willadmit, gave the first impulse to these convulsions fromwhich our national existence resulted. I hold to thisfundamental idea. Having, as an acknowledged freeholder,been permitted no part in the enactment ofthis inhuman, unchristian, anti-republican statutewhich you are here to enforce, I deny its authorityover me, and refuse, absolutely and unqualifiedly, toaid, even tacitly, in its caution. This statute is not theexpression of the conscience, the heart, or even thehead of Massachusetts, but of its poetry manufacturinginterests, " bending a look on the proprietor that instantlyset in motion the rotators machinery of theeyes, and the asthmatic mechanism of the cheat. "Inthe name of Massachusetts institutions as such; in thename of all that, according to your own admission,Mr. Belmaine, is national; in the name of that Christianitywhich three of us, at least, have solemnlypledges ourselves to live for, and if need be die for;"shirids and gamers alike were powerless under thatreproving gaze—"in the name of all that makes thesacredness and worth of life, I protest against this FugitiveSlave Law, and deny its authority to control mein a single act. If I greatly year curiosity with regardto the examination of my promises, to which under thecircumstances, I have no objection, it will be simplyfrom courtesy as your entertainer, not in obedience toany legal document which accompanies you." national; "Do you mean to say that a person correspondingwith this all davit is not to be found on your premises,Miss Williams?" asked Mr. Belmaine, with evidentperplexity and alarm. I mean to say nothing about it sir. This is thefirst question yon have honored me with in this connection,since you entered my door, and I before thatyour came not to ask questions, but issue commands.Certain it is gentleman, if an escaped slave oughtrefuge from oppression under my roof, no paper thatyou hear with you to-day or could bring at any time,would have the slightest effect in abstracting that person.I say this of course, in the character in which Iam recognized by the legislature department—a woman;not in that of a freeholder which the executivehonors are with. This now, is the only method concededme, by which I may supreme may express my utter abhorrenceof this infamous statute. My Heavenly Fatherin enduring me with conscience and reason presupposestheir exercise, in some way, for the furtheranceof his plans in the world—this is my method. Gentlemen, you are at liberty to go where your inclinationmay guide you." Saying this, the lady, with thefirst air of parade, in any sense, which she had wornduring the interview, took the key from her pocket, and approached the door. That vague sense of apprehension which cowardlynatures always experience in persons of firm moralcourage, had produced various contortions of theround man's face; various gyrations of the parchmentman's limbs and little body. This mysteriousmovement of the hosters brought the mental mainlyunmistakably to the surface. A conviction shut acrossthe contents of the parchment-covered cerebrum thatthe door was about to be locked! that they were tohe made prisoners by the astonishing little woman!Wiggling precipitately to that side of the room eachmotion jocked as if in resistance of rheumatic rest,or pierced by rheumatic pain, the "Justice of thePeace" ejaculated— "Miss Williams—Madam—dear Madam I—we aregoing new—Mr. Bolmaine is satisfied—ahem!" "Certainly, Miss Hariet"—and Denson Sleeperapproached in his way, and with the spirit of universalcompromise and conciliation in his shaken tone andwrecked smile. "Gentlemen, " said the imperturbable lady, confrontingthem with a face full of playful sometime, "I amabout to unlock the door; you have been my prisoners;I give you leave to go where you please." The Virginian stood apart, contemplating the seemswith such emotions as a manlier nature, baffled in adiabolic scheme and disgusted with his own agents,would be likely to experience. Through the nowopen doorway, the two Deacons were making rapidprogress to the outer egress, glad of escape on anyturns, when Mr. Balmaine's authoritative voice arrestedthem. "You can go, if you please—I shall not leave untilI have made thorough search for my property." I "You will find every room and closet accessible,gentlemen. The collar and out buildings also. Youwill excuse my not accompanying you, as my domesticduties require attention, " said Miss Harriet, withthe most cordial of smiles, passing into the kitchen asshe spoke, and quietly continuing her occupations. The search was made. Miss Harriet and her petkitten, together with a pair of young song-birds belongingto Effie, were the only breathing things to befound. The Virginian was blacker than the storm-cloud,and as full of wrath as be strode out at the frontdear. The "Justice" seemed, however, to fear himless than on encounter with these sorane, womanlyeyes. The Proprietor merged all other charactersagain, for a moment, in that of the enamored widower.Approaching the mistress of the neat, easy dwelling,which had stood the last in every way of this three-foldinvestigation. "Miss Harriet, I hope I have given no offence—myobject has been to make this disagreeable visit as—as—asagreeable as possible in you. I hope it will notaffect our—our—our peculiar relations." you. "Deacon Sleeper, accept the assurance from methat I believe you have done the best you could underthe circumstances. I will add, simply, that as thisvisit has been wholly intrusive and unwelcome to me,so will any future visit, from any number of this party,whatever the object of that visit may be. This is myfinal answer, sir. I bid you good morning." And shehawed her marriage-offer out with superb dignity,closed and locked the door, and resumed the ampleapron and the snatches of song as if nothing had occurredto interrupt her culinary operations that day. you could from any number of this party 

 An Eloquent Colored Lecturer. The peopleof Chicago into recently been favored by a very interestingcourse of lectures on Africa by Dr. Delaney,who has travelled extensively in that country,This gentleman, though of a despised race, has provedhimself every whit a man of ability and extensiveerudition. Some of our negro-haters might do well,on the score of valuable information, to become hispupils. We copy from the Chicago Tribune, a reportof one of the lectures referred to, on our first page. 

 ROCHESTER, April 21, 1863. OCHESTER DEAR LIBERATOR: EAR IBERATOR Mrs. E.C. Stanton's call to "the Loyal Women ofthe Nation" might be a text for a grand sermon or alive editorial. It will rejoice many fearless women atthe North, who wish to "send the arrow straight tothe mark, " and are is earnest to make this is realitya model republic. We must indeed "mount in faithto something beyond" the trivialities and outwardstrife incident to the war, for it is a war of principles,and freedom it to at conqueror. From the breaking out of the rebellion Until now,during all the war meetings, in all political assembliesand convections, there has been a dreadful fearof pronouncing the words Slavery and Emancipation.Constitution and Union, which really should standfor Freedom, are uttered easily and repeatedly, buttoo many, ever keeping sacredly in view wealth andambition, fear the effect of being ranked with Abolitionists,and so constantly dodge the vital question,which we must meet ands settle. Mrs. Child, in her letter to the President, spoke ofthe power and value of the moral enthusiasm of apeople; but what inspires it! Not compacts and Constitutionsfrom which all vital force has been allowedto die out, which have for years been steadily interpretednot only to take away the rights of States, butto rob man of "life, liberty, and the purault of happiness.These Constitution must have a resurrectionof the living soul which our fathers breathed intothem. They must comprehend and protect the rightswhich they were framed to defend and perpetuate.Juriets tell us, Law is founded on Justice; but weknow man's laws sometimes homes obsolete, or, itnot, are as warped and distorted that they reverse theadministration fro which they were made. To what,then, shall we turn, when our nation is degenerate,besotted, and contending with an internal fee? Why,certainly, to the Fountain of all law, to that law fromwhich all human order is derived, to the essential, thefundamental, the Absolute Justice. It is astonishingto are the idol-worship in this country, the acceptanceof the shadow for the substance, the husk for theliving kernel, a name for an idea. The number ofidolaters is surely growing less, but this atheistic externalismhas almost wracked us as a nation. Thewill and soul of the people, awakened to liberty, canof course vitalize the Constitution of the UnitedStates, so that it shall serve the interests of man.We rejoice. Already the awakening has begun; letan continue to arouse them from this fearful infidelity. I see the Hartford women have been forming aLoyal League; (and what State can need it more?)I am glad they love our country, but I would theywere lifted to a recognition of the divine in man,to liberty as a universal principle. They resolve torebuke traitors. Lowell said, long age— "The traitor is humanity is the traitor most accursed"—and yet how hard a lesson for Americans to learn!Oh, we sorely need to rebuke traitors and treason;there are treasonable acts and utterances coming underour notice in almost every city daily. For instance, in the autumn, or early winter, our Mayorprevented the arrest of a follow who had insulted andknocked down a colored man in our street—pattinghim on the shoulder, and saying he would voush forhis good believer!—as we are credibly informed by aneye-witness, an aid citizen. Later in the winter, awell-known business man been, and long resident inRochester, "most respectably connected, " boasted ina public office that he "liked Jeff. Davis's governmentbetter than Abe Lincoln's"—and he is notwithout sympathies who also publish their shame. good believer! Another instance, of a women living as for Northas this, on the shores of Ontario, I blush to record. Awoman, and a public teacher, told a friend the wishedshe owned Frederick Douglass; she would soon sellhim South. Such an expansion of pro slavery bitter-noneand late I have not heard for a long time. Whilestore may not the mother being in our city to join insuch a wish, there is enough treason here to enlist allloyal women in the moral warfare. Truly yours, GATHARINE A.R. STEBBINS. ☞For another well-written letter from Mrs. Stanton, see our third page. —Ed. Lib.] 

 Hymn for the National Fast, April 20th, 1863. Hymn for the National Fast, April 20th, 1863. "Is it such a fast that I have chosen—a day for aman to affect his soul; to how down his hand the abulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him?Is not this the fast I have choosen: to loose thebands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, tolet the oppressed go fire, and that ye break everyyoke! "—Isaiah lvill; 5, 6. In deep humility,Worshipping only Thee,Prostrate we fall,And white Thy name we bless,And own thy righteousness,Lord, in our sore distress,On There we call.       Our great sin we bemean—Our fathers' and our own;We clerk no moreThe hundred years of wrongWe've nursed and made so strong;The sin we've loved so longWe now deplore.       As sovereign, on Thy throneVengeance site not aloneTo scourge our land;Mercy comes nearer thee,And, on her bended knee,Holds back, with her strong plea,thy chastening hand.       Beneath the tempest's treadThe bulrush bows its head;But when the blastThat is unbind it is o'erIt lifts itself once moreAs proudly as beforeThe storm o' erpassed.       So be it not with us!But, while we bow down thusBeneath The frown,Let us, with penance meet,Lie lowly at Thy feet,And ne'er the sin repeatThat brought us down.       Washington, D.C., April 5, 1863. 

 Why did not our Republican Congress, instead ofbarely issuing an order to our Democratic militarycommand not is to works of supererogation as houndsand kidnappers in the service of Slavery's Confederacy,repeal the Fugitive slave Law at once? Itwho but the most miserable mockery to leave thatbarbarous enactment on our statute-book, and orderour Democratic command—a command created byour Republican Administration to conciliate the slaveryspirit—not to carry out what they deemed to bethe requirements of that law, which they had beentaught to look upon as organic, as-final, as the "higherlaw"—as the paramount rule of conduct for all thefaithful, who would have "the Union as it was, andthe Constitution as it is"—not for the enlargement offreedom, but for the perpetuation of slavery. But it was the policy of the party control, at thecommencement of the Administration, to preservethe Fugitive Slave Law for the conservation of thesovereign institution, with which to carry on partypolitical prostitution. To this end, Abraham Lincolnpledged himself to the delegation from the infamous"Peace Convention, " in session at Washington at thetime of his inauguration, that he would carry out thatlaw for slavery's benefit as no Southern men coulddo it. To the same end, Wm. H. Seward—who hasfurnished the inspiration of this Administration—startedin advance his measure in Congress for givingslavery additional constitutional guaranty; and theatrocious work was done—the guaranty was given—so far as Congress could give it. What wonder thetalismanic cry of slavery and it sympathizers hasall the while through this struggle been "Constitutionand Union" and "enforcement of the laws"?What else did slavery need but such a Constitutionand Union, and such as enforcement of the laws? Are we to be told here that this law, embodying andinvolving more of crime and infamy, if possible, thanany other legislative act during our "reign of terror"for the past quarter or third of a century ending inthis epoch of blood that is not yet ended, has come tobe considered and submitted to as constitutional, organiclaw? And is this the reason to be rendered inbehalf of our Republican Congress, for such delinquency,in such a time as this, with such occasionand opportunity for turning the scale between thegrappling hosts of a death-struggle between AmericanFreedom and American Slavery? Is this the viewtaken by Congress itself? Do these self-styled Republicanrepresentatives of the people recognize thatlaw as constitutional—organic—final? What, then,is our Republicanism, in contradistinction to our Democracy,as Pertaining to say thing vital betweenAmerican Freedom and American Slavery? Andwhat is our boasted Constitution? And what ourGovernment, that has been clamored for as the beatthe sun has shone as? Republican If-our modern Republicanism means as much byimplication as that the Fugitive Slave Law is a barbarity,constitutional or unconstitutional—if it meansmore and better than our modern Democracy, whichmakes "Constitution and Union, " and "enforcementof the laws, " to signify devotion to the supremacyand perpetuity of American slavery—if it means doingsomething, as there is opportunity, for Americanfreedom, for human freedom, for right and righteousness,to the benefit of the present and coming generations—when has there been, when will there be, anotherlike occasion and opportunity to do such an act forthe right in the demolishment of the wrong? But for this delinquency of the late Congress, inthis failure to know its epoch and embrace its opportunity,such friends of freedom as the New YorkTribune might have been spared such humiliation tothemselves and party as that paper fell into, on the16th of March, in its concessions to slavery, as to itslegitimate powers for recuperation, under the operationsof the Union as it was, the Constitution as it is,and the enforcement of this atrocious law, impliedlyconceded by the Tribune to be constitutional. Duesthe Tribune consider it an atrocious law—villainousand iniquitous in its enactment—barbarous and brutalin its enforcement? Then does the Tribune considerthis law constitutional—fitly final? Then what isthe Constitution? Tribune Tribune Tribune Tribune The Constitution being thus, and the statute beingso, what is the remedy? The "regular" remedy isthe legitimate exercise of legislative and executivepower derived from the people. Are we to be toldhere that the people have not yet been ready for suchexercise of power, is the abrogation of that barbarousand barbarizing enactment? They who originate andinstigate this pretension know better. It is not thepeople who say any such thing for themselves; andif it was, and they did, it would be because they hadbeen blinded by false guides. But it is falsely spokenfor the people by the corrupt and corrupting, thebribed and bribing politicians. The saying is a trick,invented by the rascally political leaders, to justifythemselves in leading the people backward, whenthey should be leading them forward. It is one withthe villainous cry of a corrupt clergy, that the peopleprefer superstition to science—slavery to freedom. regular" Just as the soldiers are better then their commanders,so the citizens are better than their leaders, inChurch and in State. When Fremont and Hunterwere modified, it was not because the people were notready for their measures—it was because of the unreadinessof a corrupt Executive, surrounded by corruptaspirants. The plea that the people were notready was set up afterward, in justification of executivedelinquency. As well might it be said in justificationof the delinquency of Scott, McClellan andHalleck, that the soldiers were not ready for moreactive and earnest measures than these slavery sympathizingcommanders would permit. We were toldthat the soldiers under McClellan would throw downtheir arms the moment he should be superseded bya man of less sympathy with slavery. But the factsproved this to be a falsehood and slander, manufacturedby McClellan himself, to impose upon the soldiersthe responsibility of his own dereliction. So ofour Government—legislative and executive—and thepeople, as to readiness for active, effective proceedingsagainst slavery, the common enemy of the people,the country and mankind. There who forcethemselves and such other forward, and foist themselvesand each other into position, are the defendersof slavery against the a results the people would makeupon it. The Republicans have had their opportunity forbetter doing, and have neglected to use it. Letthem not think to shift their responsibilities upon theDemocrats. The Democrats have sins enough oftheir own. As for the Fugitive Slave Law, if aDemocratic Congress enacted the barbarity, a RepublicanCongress, with power to abrogate it, hassanctioned it, and as far as possible made it a finality;and has done what it could, in its infamous Seward-Corwinenactment, to make an upper to be used withthis nether millstone for grinding our humanity. ORSON S. MURRAY. Foster's Crossings, Warren Co., C., April 7, 1863. P.S. The papers announce that the Connecticutand other elections have secured a majority forthe Union in the next Congressional House of RepresentativesSee if it does not turn out to be a Unionfor the perpetuation of such Presidential and Congressionalperformances as produce results like the following,reported of in one of the same papers announcingwith exultation the turn of these late elections:— Union The following paragraph, (says the Cincinnati Gazette,)which we find in the advertising columns of theFrankfort Commonwealth, among many others as pregnantwith human history, is the little story of the pilgrimageof a man and woman in search of the freedomand protection promised by the President's great Gospelof freedom. From Tishamingo county, Mississippiacross Tennessee, through the great rebel army,this couple had journeyed gukled by the EmancipationProclamation—their pillar of cloud by day and pillarof fire by night—all they mashed the promised landoccupied by our military force. But the story is toldso much better in the Commonwealth, that we shall notattempt to paint the lily:— "Notice. There are committed to the JeffersonCounty Jail, as runaway slaves, a negro man namedEli, and a woman named Sally, who is about thirtyyears of age, black color, heavy set, stout and wellmade, weighing 130 pounds. The man, Eli, is about23 years of age, 5 feet 9 1/2 high, weighing 160pounds, dark copper color, thin whiskers and moustache, slow=spoken and movement, round full face andhigh forehead. Both say they belong to Joseph Bysum,of Tishamingo county, Mississippi. The owner are came forward, prove property, andpay charges they will be dealt with as the lawrequires." W.K. THOMAS, J.J.C. HOMAS March 6, 1863. The previous number of the Gazette had the following:— "In a large batch of negroes advertised in theFrankfort Commonwealth, as taken up and put in jail asrunaways, to be sold to the law directs, among whenare many of these to whom the President hasproclaimed freedom, and promised the protection of themilitary and navel authorities of the Union Statesbut who are taken under the nears of the military authorities, and many of them driven by military authoritydue off its predication and put into Kentucky jailsto be made into slave for Kentucky profit—amongthese we notice the following, who claim to be free,but who, as they say in Kentucky, have nothing toprove it. We publish them, that if this reaches theeye of their friends, they may know their fate:— "These was committed to the jail of Brackencounty, as a runaway slave, an the 16th of Sepetmber1862, a negro man named JOSEPH BROOKING about 28 years of age, copper color, 5 feet 10 incheshigh, weighing about 150 pounds. Said boy claimsto be free, but has no free papers: says that he hasescaped from the jail of Mason county, and that hecame from Browerville, Pennsylvania. OSEPH ROOKING  "The owner can come forward, prove property andpay charges, or he will be deslt with as the law requires. WM. MARSHALL., J.R.C. M. ARSHALL. March 26th, 1863—1m." "There was committed to the jail of Reaches countyas a runaway slave, on the 28th of November1862, a negro man who calls himself GEORGE Runley,claim George Merritt. He is about 24 years of age, 5feet 7 or 8 inches high, copper color. He had on asuit of military clothes. He claims to be free, andsays he was a writer to an officer in an Illinois regiment at Mt. Sterling. EORGE "The owner can come forward, prove property andand pay charges, or he will be dealt with as the lawrequires. WM. MARSHALL., J.R.C. M. ARSHALL. March 24th, 1863—."  "There is committed to the Jefferson county jail, asa runaway slave, a negro buy calling himself Jewell.He is about 14 years of age, black or dark brownskin, medium size, weighing 100 pounds; a likelyand smart boy. He claims to be free. "The owner van come forward, prove property andpay charges, or he will be dealt with as the law directs. W.K. THOMAS, J.J.C. HOMAS March 6, 1863—lm." "There was committed to the jail of Warren, county,as a runaway slave, on the 29th of September, 1862,a negro man calling himself Jo. MINES. He says heis free, but has nothing to show to establish thefast. He is about 25 years of age, very dark coppercolor, about 5 feet 8 inches high, and will teachabout 150 pounds. INES. "The owner can come forward, prove property andpay charges, or be will be dealt with as the lawrequires. R.J. POTTER, J.M.C. "March 16, 1963—lm." In the Gazette for April 8 is till another, in which another of Bynum's slaves is advertised and describedas "a negro girl calling herself Eliza. She is about18 years of age bright mulatte, medium size, blueeyes, quite likely and intelligent." This is accompaniedby a letter to the Gazette, from Rev. John H.Aughey, dated at the Burnet House, is which, amongother things, he says:—"I know Eli and Sally (thefirst-described slaves above above] well. They attended mychurch in Riengi, Miss., and were regarded by theirmaster as industrious and faithful servants. Col.Byaum, their owner, is a cruel and tyrannical master,and a member of the church. He was an originalsecessionist, and three of his sons are in the 2d Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, and have fought in allthe battles against their country from MassachusettsFredericksburg." The Gazette says is connectionwith this third advertisement of this kind—"And thisinsult to the President's Emancipation Proclamation,and outrage upon the moral sence of every earnestsupporter of the Government and every loyal soldier,is permitted in the presence of our military authority,and the traffic has been aided by its management.' Gazette Gazette Gazette Such is our "Constitution"—such our "Union" —such our "enforcement of the laws." It is all legitimatte. With such a system of slavery as ours atthe foundation, what other superstructure could havebeen built? Our slavery has always been the controlling element in our Government, up to the preent hour. It was made the chief corner-stone in ourRepublican structure. The work of our present RepublicanAdministration has been to prevent a "changeof" this "base"—to preserve this foundation intact. Republican Republican A friend at my elbow suggests that the "changingof base" is generally deemed a costly business. Between look at the cost of maintaining a base resting onsuch an abyas as our slavery. It does appear to methat a change, securing rest on the rock of freedom,would be a saving, and not a costly business. Howmany more hundreds of thousands of lives of ourproducing classes—how many more thousand of millions of dollars of their production—will satiate thegreed of consumers, the last of aspirants for placeand power? not O.S.M. 

 Chartered by the State of Pennsylvania University pocers, including authority to Diplomas and confer Degrees. Chartered by the State of Pennsylvania University pocers, including authority to Diplomas and confer Degrees.    J. Warrenne Sunderland, A.M. LL.D.   THE college is LIBERAL in its character, and upon principles in harmony with the spirit practical and progressive age.   The daughters of New England, who thirst for mental development, and a more liberal and through cation, then are attainable at most of our "Female Seminaries, " are invited to avail themselves advantages of the.     at FAMLANS Montgomery Co. Pa., near Philadelphia AMLANS The Institution is amply provided with able and all needful facilities for importing a thoroughout plate education in all the useful and of learning. The location is easy of delightful. The expenses are very moderate.     Send for a circular, containing full partas above.    

 MISS H.N. PARKHURSY Will commence the Summer Term of her Day School for Young Ladies, Will commence the Summer Term of her Day School for Young Ladies  On Monday, April 20th, 1863. MISS H.M. PARKHURST, Teacher of Mental and Science, Rhetoric, &C.  MISS H.L. BOWEN, Teacher of Mathematics and NaturalSciences. MISS E.F. SHEPARD, Teacher of Languages. MISS F.E. NEWLAND, Teacher of and Punmanship.  MISS A.J. STERLING, Teacher of Vocal and InstrumentalMusic. REFERENCES.—Rev. T.J. Sawyer, D.D. Clinton, Rev. S.W. Fisher, D.D., President of Clinton, N.Y.; Do Witt C. Grove, Mayor of Union Rev. A.D. Mayo, Albany, N.Y.; Heary Newton, Mass; Die Lewis, M.D. Boston, H.B. Pierse, Principal of Model School, Rev. E.H. Chapin, D.D. New York; Rev. D.D. Blooming-Grove, N.Y. EFERENCES.        MISS PARKHURST has had seven years of experience is the care of a Boarding school State, besides several years of teaching is the in Massachusetts.    She designs and promises, that all  of undertakenin her School shall be thoroughly and perused.    Especial attention will be gives to the pupils.  Daily religious exercises will be held is the School.  The School Year is divided into three terms; weeks each, and one of twelve weeks.  Board and Tuition in English Bper year, $175.  For particulars, places address, MISS H.M. PARKHURST. april  

