 In the proceedings of the Rebel Congress, Mr. Footepresented the following preamble and resolution: Whereas, A copy of the truly characteristic proclamationof amnesty, recently issued by the imbecileand unprincipled usurper who now sits enthroned uponthe ruins of constitutional liberty in Washingtoncity, has been received and read by the members ofthe House; now, in token of what is solemnly believedto be the almost undivided sentiment of the peopleof the Confederate States. Whereas Be it resolved, That there has never been a day or anhour, when the people of the Confederate States weremore inflexibly resolved than they are at the presenttime, never to relinquish the struggle of arms in whichthey are engaged, until that liberty and independencefor which they have been so earnestly contending,shall have been at last achieved, and made sure andsteadfast, beyond even the probability of a future danger;and that in spite of the reverses which have latelybefallen our armies in several quarters, and cold andselfish indifference to our sufferings thus far, for themost part, evinced in the action of foreign powers, theeleven millions of enlightened freemen now battlingheroically for all that can make existence desirable,'are fully prepared, alike in spirits and in resources, toencounter dangers far greater than those which theyhave heretofore bravely met, and to submit to far greatersacrifices than those which they have heretofore socheerfully encountered, in preference to holding anyfurther political connection with a Government andpeople, who hare notoriously proven themselves contemptuouslyregardless: of all the rights and privilegeswhich belong to a state of civil freedom, as well as ofall the most sacred usages of civilized war. Be it resolved Mr. Miles regretted that the gentleman from Tennesseehad introduced such a resolution. The trueand only treatment which that miserable and contemptibledespot (Lincoln) should receive at the hands ofthis House was silent and unmitigated contempt. Thisresolution would appear to dignify a paper emanatingfrom that wretched and detestable abortion, whose contemptibleemptiness and folly would only receive theridicule of the civilized world. He moved to lay thesubject on the table. Mr. Foote was willing that the preamble and resolutionshould be tabled, with the understanding that itwould indicate the unqualified contempt of the Housefor Abraham Lincoln and his Message and Proclamationalluded to. Mr. Miles said there would be no misunderstandingabout that. The motion was unanimously adopted. Similar resolutions offered by Mr. Miller, of Virginia,went the same way. 

 LONDON, Dec. 8, 1863. ONDON DEAR GARRISON—The intelligence brought by thetwo last mails, of the victory gained by Gen. Grantover the rebel army at Chattanooga, has filled thefriends of the North with thankfulness and joy. Wetrust a similar victory has been gained by Meade overLee in Virginia. The late news has caused the ConfederateCotton Loan to decline to thirty six, and it isstill going down. EAR ARRISON The successor of the apostate and profligate, Dr.Mackay, is writing to the Times from Mew York, in avery different strain from that in which former letterswere penned. We are now told that the abolitionmovement is carrying all before it;—that the war,whatever its mission might have been at the outset,has now no other object than the abolition of slavery;—that the continuation of the war for another year ortwo will lead most infallibly, not only to the abolitionof slavery, but to the extension of suffrage to thewhole colored race;—that slavery is giving way beforethe iron tread of war;—that the North is beginning tofeel that the quickest and surest way to compound withthe rebellion is to trample it utterly, and to crush itand slavery—cause and effect—once and forever;—that, to all intents and purposes, shivery has ceased tobe in all the Border States, and is at its last gasp in the invaded regions;—that, since the outbreak of thewar, the slaves in those territories into which theNortherners have extended their conquests may belooked upon as virtually lost to their owners;—thatsix hundred thousand have already been actuallyemancipated;—that it is impossible to deny that theabolitionists have gained immense ground since thelate elections;—that every month, every day, that thewar continues, tolls the death-knell of the "PeculiarInstitution" of the South. And much more to thesame effect. This, in the columns of the Times, is"a sign of the times" which tends to convince us thatthe end is drawing near. Times  Times I was favored with an invitation to the ThanksgivingDinner which took place in London, on the 26thultimo. There was a goodly gathering of loyal citizensof the United States. The banquet was of themost approved description, and was graced by thepresence of ladies, whose numbers were, I think, equalto those of the gentlemen. The chair was well filledby the Hon. Robert J. Walker, of Mississippi, lateSecretary of the Treasury, Commissioner to China,Governor of Kansas, &c., &c. The Vice Presidentswere the Hon. Freeman H. Morse, the American Consul,and Gerald Ralston, Esq., (a Pennsylvanian,) ConsulGeneral of Liberia. By the courtesy of the committeeof arrangements, I had a seat next to the Presidentof the day, and was appointed to speak to thetoast—"The day—devoted to thanking God for ourvictories in the cause of Liberty and Union." The proceedings were prefaced by the reading of thePresident's Proclamation. This over, Mr. Walkercalled upon a clergyman present to offer up thanks toGod in behalf of the children of America then present.And who was the clergyman so called upon to lead thedevotion of the company, having by his side, whilehe did so, the American Minister to the British Government?He was a young man of dark complexion,who had been held in bondage by Americans; whohad snapped those bonds asunder, and escaped for refugeto the Free States, and thence to the metropolis ofthe British Empire; and who, now the talented pastorof an English church, and one of the most popular ofplatform orators, was called upon to be America'smouthpiece when approaching the footstool of America'sGod. This young man, so selected, and so distinguished,was the Rev. Sella Martin, late of Boston,New England, and now of Bow, Old England. I wasmuch impressed by this incident, and did not fail to referto it in the course of my address. What a revolutionin sentiment and practice did this incident exhibit!What a glorious future for the descendants of awronged and outlawed race did it unfold! Let ourfriend Remond, and every one else connected with thatrace, be encouraged. Who, a few years ago, would haveforetold that, on the 26th of Nov., 1863, the Presidentof a meeting of Americana of the highest socialgrade would stand between the American ambassadorand a fugitive slave, and, in the name of the assembly,call upon the once despised and hated runaway to officiatefor them in the offering of their petitions beforethe Throne of Grace? I send you a placard which is now upon the wallof London, announcing a lecture from me on the 14thinstant—subject—The Downfall of King Cotton andthe Triumph of Free Labor—in which it will be shownhow Cotton came to be king; how he extended hisdominions; who were his subjects, and how he ruledthem; how he adopted slavery as the corner-stone ofhis new edifice; how he went to war with those whowould not bow to his yoke; and how, while he wasat war, his kingdom was overthrown, his captives liberated,and a new reign inaugurated, under which freemen, free labor, free soil, and free speech will be evermoreestablished. This is a subject on which I shouldlike to have something to say, on soma suitable opportunity,when I reach the country where King Cottononce wielded universal sovereignty. The Downfall of King Cotton andthe Triumph of Free Labor For the last three years, I have done what I couldto serve your country. My labor has been one oflove as well as duty. I have tried to look at Americanaffairs from the stand-point of an American; to do asI would have done If I had been an American citizen.In all your afflictions, I have been afflicted, and havenot been ashamed to drink the cup prepared for you.My knowledge of your country has been of great useto me, and has enabled me to indoctrinate men of fargreater Influence than myself. I must not omit to mention the gentleman who willkindly take charge of this letter. That gentleman isMr. Peter Sinclair. Mr. Sinclair has been a residentin the United States, where he has travelled extensively,and has a numerous acquaintance. He welldeserves the warm gratitude of those who have beenlately called to take part in a bloody struggle for theirown liberties, the life of their country, and the freedomof the slave. Since his return from America,two years ago, Mr. Sinclair has been incessantly occupied,and most laboriously too, in spreading information,and rekindling the dormant Anti-Slavery feelingof this country. He has, during the past year, actedmost efficiently as the Secretary of the ManchesterUnion and Emancipation Society. I bear toy cheerfultestimony to the value of his services, and the esteemin which he is held by all who have been his associates.Give him, for his works' sake, a cordialgreeting. A pamphlet which he brought out snorethan a year ago, and which you may have seen, hasproved a most timely publication, and has suppliedample materials for many speeches and lectures whichhave since been delivered. MANCHESTER, Dec. 11th. ANCHESTER I came down here yesterday, and in the eveningattend a farewell soiree to our friend, Mr. Sinclair.He has many warm friends here, who part with himwith much regret. I go from here to Edinburgh on a short visit, andfrom thence to Glasgow, and return to London by wayof Carlisle and Manchester. This day, four weeks, I hope to be in Liverpoolagain, to take ship the third time to Boston. I shallonly be going where my heart already is. Farewell, dear Garrison! May we soon, together,see the consummation of our tropes, and the reward ofoar toils, in the freedom of the slave, and the regenerationof your country! Now and forevermore, yours, steadfastly, GEO. THOMPSON. ☞Mr. Thompson experts to be able to leaveLiverpool in the Canard Steamer for Boston on the9th of January, and, consequently, to arrive aboutthe 22d. 

 ☞TERMS—Three dollars per annum, annum, in advance. ☞Four copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS,if payment is made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected (POST PAID) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements of a square and over inserted threetimes at five cents per line; less than a square, 75 centsfor res insertions. Yearls and half yearly advertisementsinserted on reasonable terms.  ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz:—WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, EDMUNDJACKSON, and WILLIAM L. GARRISON, JR. ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON ILLIAM ARRISON R. 

 I have received, in aid of the Massachusetts Colored Volunteers,not heretofore acknowledged, the following sums,Viz:—From Edward L. Pierce, $5; Geo. S. Winslow, 20;Mrs. O.W. Holmes, 10; A Friend, 1; Dr. S.T. Birmingham,3; Miss E. Whitney, 6; J.H. Gallison, 1; CharlesWarren, 1; a Friend, 25c; a Friend, $5; G.S. Hillard,3; Mrs. Samuel Hall, Jr., 25; Rice, Kendell & Co., 50;A Friend, 1; Samuel May, 100; A Friend, 1; Tuttle,Gaffield, & Co. $25; Mrs. Fairbanks, 3; Isaac W. Danforth, 10;Charles Richardson, 5; Female Anti-SlaveryFriends of Stoncham, by Lydia O. Lefavre, $7.60; aFriend, 5: Mrs. Fields, 4; G. Higginson, 30; Mrs. Jarvis,1; Hon. James Savage, 50; C.H. Dalton, 25; sundryFriends, far tobacco, 12; C.E. Hodges, 5. Also, a large case of supplies from the Ladies of Greenwood,South Reading, by hand of Mrs. Dr. Brown. Our thanks are due the Adams Express Co., for the freecarriage of a large case to the 55th Regiment. J.H. STEPHENSON,Treassure for the Committee. Treassure for the Committee. 12 Arch Street, Dec. 28, 1862. 

 "I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that militaryauthority takes, for the time, the place of all municipalinstitutions, and SLAVERY AMONG THE RESTand that, under the state of things, so far from its beingtrue that the States where slavery exists have the exclusivemanagement of the subject, not only the PRESIDENT OFTHE UNITED STATES, but the COMMANDER OF THE ARMY,HAS POWER TO ORDER THE UNIVERSSAL EMANCIPATIONOF THE SLAVES. . . From the instantthat the slaveholding States become the theatre of a war,CIVIL, servile, or foreign, from that instant the war powersof CONGRESS extend to interference with the institution ofslavery, IN EVERY WAY IN WHICH IT CAN BE WITH, from a claim of indemnity for slaves taken or destroyed,to the cession of States, burdened with slavery, toa foreign power... It is a war power. I say it is a warpower; and when your country is actually in war, whetherit be a war of invasion or a war of insurrection, Congresshas power to carry on the war, and MUST CARRY IT ON, ACCORDINGTO THE LAWS OF WAR; and by the laws of war,an invaded country has all its laws and municipal institutionsswept by the board, and MARTIAL POWER TAKES THEPLACE OF THEM. When two hostile armies are set in martialarray, the commanders of both armies have power to emancipateall the slaves in the invaded territory."—J.Q. ADAMS. RESIDENT OFTHE NITED TATES OMMANDER OF THE RMY ONGRESS  DAMS. 

 BY. E.H. HEYWOOD. Y. EYWOOD. East Princeton, $5 30; Cummington, 20; Worthington,52c; Greenfield, 1. BY PARKER PILLSBURY. Y ARKER ILLSBURY. Essex Co. Society, Danvers, $6 00; Lecminster, $12; Mrs.Blanchard, do., 35c; Princeton, 1 27; WorcesterCo. South Division, Milford, 20 68; Florence, 10;Leeds, 2 55; Cummington, 13 40; Hopedale, 8;Weymonth, 11; Nepen, 3.  

 If ever there was a season of dire distress, it isnow. If ever men who govern had occasion topause, and ponder over the mute agony that staresthem in the face—ere that agony is transformed intothe frenzy of despair—the golden opportunitytrembles in the hour. The armies of the rebellionare daily yielding before the advancing armies ofthe Union. Victory flutters on our standard; but,notwithstanding the glad tidings which come fromthe field, sorrow and sadness and gloom sit—incubus-like—on the heart of our people. There is acause for this troubled state of the public mind,and it is to he found in the miserable imbecilitywith which the civil administration of the Governmentis conducted. One would infer that the relativenumbers of the white and black races are thereverse of the reality, that there are twenty-fivenegroes to every white man in the land, if he mightjudge from our legislation. On this illusion onlycould be presume a poetic justice in the minds ofour refers. As long as negroes are the principalclass for whose interests the Government contends,so long will the public discontent continue. Thisidolatry for negroes had its origin in false philanthropyand squeamish sentimentality. The pealmsingersand negro glorifiers of Exeter Hall begatthe worship long ago, in the beginning of this century.When Burke, Chatham and Fox had passedaway, and with them the comprehensive policy oftheir was statesmanship, a new class of men cameinto power, and entered on the government of theBritish Empire. The acknowledged head of this partywas the elder Wilberforce, the famous author ofWest India Emancipation. The abolition of theSlave Trade was effected under the auspices of thesame party,—but here the good work ended. Thetheory of universal freedom, catching the breeze ofpopular favor in the other hemisphere, was waftedby an adverse gale in an evil hour to our own.That pseudo-philanthropist, Dr. Channing, inauguratedin this city the scheme of emancipation, andthe poets and orators of New England caught upthe wild refrain, and by a perversion of facts concerningthe institution of slavery at the South, infectedthe tone of public sentiment of the NorthernStates. In this manner were the seeds of that revocationsown, which, to-day, wrings from the patriot'sheart the grief which so great a calamity couldalone call forth. Fanatics are invariably seditious, and sedition isthe detestable vice that radicates itself deepest intothe human heart. When they have the swords of the Romansand the avenging fire from heaven combinedfor the destruction of Jerusalem, many of the Jewswere employed in railing against whatever measureswere adopted for the city's defence; and theirhistorian tells us that their lives and their seditionended together; while their lives lasted, they neverceased to revile both heaven and earth. Can wènot trace a similarity between those unhappy creatures,and the men of our own day and countrywho make an apotheosis of John Brown? Theirwhole lives are in defiance of the Divine Goodness,and in hostility to all social order. Their intellectualand moral pivot is established upon a sentiment,a prurient, sickly, contemptible sentimentconceived in irreligion and carried out in besottedfanaticism. This puling sentiment of abolitionismentered in our midst, like another Trojan horse,and has been fed by old ladies at quilting matchesover their snuff and over their tea, and by reverendquacks, poetasters and demagogues; and at length,bursting into full life, it has ridden into power, andpromises to enthrall all those true friends of theAmerican Union who dare express a modest dissidencefrom its pernicious teachings and revolutionarydoctrines. We invoke the little patriotism that lingers atWashington to lift itself above the African sloughand to legislate for white men, by which coursestone the national authority can be vindicated, treasonsilenced, and the blessings of equal liberty preservedto ourselves and our posterity.—Boston Pilot. Boston Pilot. 

 DIED—In Washington, N.H., Dec. 21, Mr. WILLIAMFAREWELL, formerly of Cambridgeport, aged 83 years and11 months. [Ohio papers please copy.] This highlyesteemed and venerable friend expoused the Anti-Slavery at a very early date, and over bore a faithful testimonyin its behalf. ILLIAM AREWELL  

 We see by the eastern papers, that the abolitiondiunionists of that section are about to resumetheir old habit of flooding the country with itineratinglecturers to poison the public mind, by preachingthe beauties of the negro race. The AmericanAnti-slavery Society makes no secret of the intention.It says an additional number of these lecturershave been employed, and calls on all "lovers offreedom" to send cash contributions to keep themin the field. We shall have the old re-inforced by a still hungnerswarm of broken-down clergy men, whilom disunionistswomen, negroes, Sunday politicians, spiritualists,and free-lovers. These, and such as these,will probably visit every nook and corner of theland this winter as teachers of the American people.The more these men have denounced churches religions,bibles, laws, the Constitution and the Union,the greater will be their anticipated reward, in theway of popular adoration. Is the end never to come? Will the Americanpeople never give over their systematic worship ofhumbug? Can the day be far distant when thesenorthern preachers and lecturers, who have spenttheir life-time in seeking to subvert and overthrowthe Union of the American States, shall be lookedupon as moral monstrosities?—Milwaukee News. Milwaukee News. 

 ☞OLD COLONY ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.—ASpecial Meeting of the Old Colony Anti-Slavery Societywill be held at PLYMOUTH, on FRIDAY, January 1st,1864, which all friends of the Society and all friends ofFreedom and of the Country are requested to attend. Old Colony Anti-Slavery Society RIDAY WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, PAKER PILLSBURY,SAMUEL MAY, Jr., and other advocates of CompleteEmancipation, are expected to be present. ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY AKER ILLSBURY AMUEL AY The meetings will be held in Davis's Hall, at 2 o'clock,P.M., and at 7 o'clock in the evening. For the Old Colony Anti-Slavery Society. BOURNE SPOONER, President. President. SAMUEL DYER, Secretary. AMUEL YER Secretary. 

 Mr. Wendell Phillips complains of the President'splan of reconstruction, that "it leaves the negro inthe hands of the Supreme Court, so far as the Federalpower is concerned." We should like to knowwhere Mr. Phillips would have him left? Whitemen of all classes and grades from the Presidentto the humblest citizen, are "left in the handsof the Supreme Court." That is for them thehighest tribunal in the land. Why should the negroclaim or expect any other? The fact is Mr. Phillips, and the fanatics who followhis lead, have become complete monomaniacson the subject of the negro. They have brooded solong over his wrongs that they cannot conceive thatanybody else has any rights. They claim for negroesvirtues, immunities, privileges and rights,which they would never dream of claiming forwhites. They profess to support the Constitutionuntil it stands in the way of their schemes for negrosupremacy; then they abandon the Constitution,and stand by the negro. Their test of patriotism is devotion to the negro.They are for preserving the Union, if it will helpthe negroes; if not, they are for destroying it. Theyare for prosecuting the war because it will help thenegroes; the moment they find or fancy is will not,they are for peace. Mr. Phillips would infinitelyprefer disunion with the abolition of slavery to theUnion without it; and so would the great body ofthose who accept him as their political guide. It is becoming fashionable in some quarters tospeak of this as "unconditional loyalty." The menin the Southern States who are for abolishing slavery,are called by some of our leading political journals,"unconditional loyalists," while Union men,like Gov. Bramlette, of Kentucky, who are not infavor of it, are sweepingly and remorselessly denouncedas Semi-Secessionists. "unconditional Nothing can be more false or unjust. The questionof abolition has nothing whatever to do withthe question of loyalty. A pro-slavery man may beloyal, while many Anti-Slavery men are certainlyand conspicuously disloyal. That man is loyal whois for sustaining the Government, crushing the rebellionand preserving the Union, without regard toslavery. If slavery stands in the way of this result,he is for destroying it; if it gets out of the way, hewill not abandon the Union for the sake of destroyingslavery. This is the only line of distinctionthat can be drawn.—New York Times. may without regard toslavery. New York Times. 

 ☞UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATION—NEW HAMPSHIRECAMPAIGN.—STEPHEN S. FOSTER will lecture inNew Hampshire as follows:— TEPHEN OSTER Table  Table  Also as above; A.T. Foss and W.A. JACKSON, (Jeff.Davis's coachman,) will lecture in ACKSON Table  Table  

 Extremes meet. The "Radical Abolitionist"and the Radical Democracy are of accord. Bothgrowl at the Administration; both denounce the"conduct of the war;" both devote themselves topeddling slanders about the heads of Government;both denounce with equal coarseness, and equal affluenceof vituperative language, the President's lastProclamation. The Argus and GARRISON'S Liberatorare equally unhappy over its issue, equally denunciatoryof its author, and equally positive in theirpredictions that it will work evil instead of good.The former stigmatizes it as wicked and "revolutionary;"the latter sneers at it as "uncalled for,""Anti-Republican" and "perilous." Both are agreedthat it is a very bad measure, that it was inspiredby very bad motives, that it threatens to play themischief with their favorite hobbies, and that it oughtto be promptly recalled. both denounce with equal coarseness, and equal affluenceof vituperative language, the President's lastProclamation. Argus ARRISON'S Liberator The Argus and the Liberator see through the samepair of spectacles, and harp upon the same string.The motive is dissimilar; the end sought for is widelydifferent; but the attack is made with the sameweapons. Argus Liberator Nor is the Liberator the only co-laborer of the Democracyin the war on the President's scheme ofamnesty. WENDELL PHILLIPS takes the field, andlaunches against it the thunders of his matchless butperverted eloquence. Liberator ENDELL HILLIPS Thus the impracticable and fanatics on both sidesjoin hands in a common crusade against the President'splan. This, in itself, is convincing evidencethat it has virtue in it. It, moreover, refutes thecharge that it is an "extreme" or "revolutionary"measure.—Albany Evening Journal. Albany Evening Journal. 

 ☞CAPE COD. There will be a Conversation in EXCHANGEHALL, at Harwich, on Sunday, Jan. 3, commencingat 10 o' clock, and connecting through the day and evening. XCHANGE ALL E.H. HEYWOOD and PARKER, PILLSBURY are engaged aportion of the speakers. The people of the Cape neverneed urging to attend this annual meeting. EYWOOD ARKER ILLSBURY 

 Edward Everett's oration at Gettysburg is whatmight have been expected of that unreal, metaphorical,moonlight orator. It matters little to himwhat the facts are, so he has full scópe for fancy, imagination,and rhetoric. He is always at home whendealing with dead men, and never so happy as whenon funeral occasions. He delights to water the flowersof his fancy with the blood of the brave, and hisimagination runs riot when it can strike its roots intothe mold of sepulchers. Hervey's "Meditationsamong the Tombs" seem to be the model of his funeraleloquence. "A dainty plant is the ivy greencreeping over dead men's graves, I ween." Everettwould be glad to have a Gettysburg every month, ifhe could be selected to recite what others have doneHis ambition does not consist in performing virtuousactions himself, but reporting them. When he cansing his elegiac and sentimental common-place overthe dull cold ear of death, he is quite enraptured.Much as he admires his dead heroes, he admiresmuch more his description of their achievements,and would infinitely rather describe others than behimself among the described. Edward Everett began life a Unitarian preacherand is still a Unitarian, rejecting; the Scripture doctrineof human depravity, which never had a betterillustration than his own character. Laying asidepreaching, he took to politics, joining the Whigparty, white his brother joined the Democratic, thebetter to play into each other's hands. There neverwas any more reality in the man's politics than in hisreligion. The man himself is glittering and hollowas a soap-bubble. He is as cold as a frog. There isnothing genial or generous about him; no sympathywith any earthly thing, except Edward Everett. Itwould be idle to deny him a respectable degree ofscholarship, a fine fancy, and a glib tongue. He canwork out by lamplight a brilliant oration, and candeliver it, alter a thousand private rehearsals, in astyle to bring down the house. But there are fewcounty court lawyers, who, in the close hug of unpremeditateddebate, could not lift the oratoricaldandy out of his boots, and break every bone in hisbody. And as to war itself, when heroes have sucha strong hold upon his imagination, he would muchrather be at Gettysburg now than then! He mayuse very fine figure at a Gettysburg oration, butwhat a figure he would have cut in front of Pickett'sdivision! Any old woman with a broomstick wouldbe more than a match for this eulogist of the bravein the field of arms. He expresses in his Gettysburg oration the confidentbelief that every Southern State, South Carolinaincluded, would vote now, and at any period ofthe war would have voted, if allowed a fair expressionof public opinion, for the Union. That is Mr.Edward Everett's belief. Well, a man may believeany thing. We believe Edward Everett a greatliar. He may not think so. We confess it is a matterof opinion. But when he makes such an assertion,a liar or a fool he must be, and we do not thinkhim a fool. That, also we confess, is a matter ofopinion. At any rate, there are many strange beliefsin the world. The Chinese believe every manhas six souls. Most people would believe EdwardEverett, at least, had not one. Not five years agohe was painting the most terrific pictures at BlackRepublican success. Now he is the blackest of theBlack Republicans. His soul, if he ever had one,has been disposed of to Abraham Lincoln, who repayshim by letting him play off rhetorical fireworksat Gettysburg, which are very brilliant, no doubt,but not equal to the pyrotechnics which will celebrateEdward Everett's demise in that region wherehypocrites wail and gnash their teeth. We will not argue the question with Mr. EdwardEverett whether the people of the South, if left tothemselves, would vote for the Union. Suppose heinduces his master Abraham to try the experimentWe ask no more. Let him call off his bloodhoundsfrom every Southern State, disband his military andpermit us to do the same, and then without a bayonetfrom Mason and Dixon's line to the Gulf, let thepeople of the Southern States vote for or againstthe Union! Let him begin the experiment with eventhe border States of Maryland and Missouri! Willhe do it? He would sooner cut off his right hand.Abraham Lincoln understands, if Mr. Edward Everettdoes not, that the Union is a dead cock in thepit, and that he has kilted it with his own hands. Nómatter what the original merits of the quarrel, theYankee mode of conducting this war has made theunion of fire and water a more practicable achievementthan the re-union of the Northern and SouthernStates. The question of subjugation is onequestion; the question of voluntary re-union noquestion at all. If a vote could be taken in theSouthern States, whether we should re-unite withthe bloody murderers of our sons and brothers, orwith the Emperor Francis of Austria, or the Queenof England, there would be one universal shout ofacclamation for Europe. There is no nation on theearth which is so heartily detested and execrated inthe Confederacy as the butcher nation of the North.Voluntary re-union with them! A union with hyenas,vampyres and thugs, is about as probable and practicable.—Richmond Dispatch. Richmond Dispatch. 

 ☞NOTICE. The Convention at Harwich (ExchangeHall) will open on Saturday evening, Jan. 2d, with an addressfrom E.H. Heywood; to continue over the followingSunday, as per notice of last week. 

 Supposing our readers have a curiosity to see thelate message of President Lincoln to his Congress,and presuming that Lincoln wants our people to seehow gracious he is, and what a loving proclamationhe has issued to us all in Dixie, we publish both inour issue to-day. Whenever the British envoyswished to tempt our fathers in the Revolution bytheir proffers of amnesty, the Continental Congressalways assisted in giving their proclamation a widecirculation; for not only did Congress confide in theloyalty of the people, but they considered those papersas calculated to animate the popular patriotism. A hundred times stronger are our reasons for expectingthis result now. Never did British commissioneror general, in all his arrogance, put forth soimpudent a massage as the Washington man hassent down to us. He is going to forgive us something,it seems, on certain terms. To the most liberal,unqualified and all-embracing offer of forgivenessto our fathers, Dr. Franklin replied:—" We,who have committed no offence, need no forgiveness."Our answer would be the same, even if Lincoln's offerimitated the humanity of Britain's. Forgive uswhat? Forgive us because he has invaded our Stateswith armed multitudes, to overthrow our laws, destroyour liberties, and compass out destruction?Forgive us because he has plundered seas andravaged our coasts? Forgive us for having burnedour towns and desolated our homes? Forgive us forthe many thousands of our brothers and sons anddear friends whom he has slain upon our own soil,and while repelling his invasion? Forgive us forthe many dear, mutilated ones who will remain thelegacy of the war when the war shall be over? Forgivefor having outraged even the sensibilitiesof Europe by his attempt to excite servile revolt? He may forgive us for these his crimes; but solong as we have hearts to feel and hands to strike,we shall never forgive him. How impudent it is tocome, with our brother's blood upon his accursedhands, and ask us to accent his forgiveness! But hegoes further. He makes his forgiveness dependentupon terms. We have only to swear obedience tohis will. We have to swear that the proclamationof emancipation which he issued last year, and whichwe received with mocking, and which has since beena general derision, shall be submitted to by us. Oursociety is to be upturned. Instead of that distinctionbetween the races necessary for the happinessof both, he asks us to swear that we will have noneat all, until his Congress of fanatics or his packedbench of judges shall say that his proclamation waswind. But all this will not do. We must abandonto that demon thirst for their blood all the men whohave rendered our annals conspicuous, and underwhose lead we have won a fame, if not a name,among the nations. We must leave the Presidentto Abraham's tender mercies. The army of the Potomacmust offer up their glorious leader, underwhom both have become illustrious. Beauregardmust be hung. In short, every officer down to Colonel,and every single functionary from Congressmanto messenger, and from Governor to constable,are to be retained for Lincoln's malignity. How heand Seward and Sumner would gloat over the hangingbodies of the "dead rebels"! Is even Lincoln base enough to imagine that abrave people, such as the Confederates have proventhemselves, would, under any stress of fortune, provetraitors to the men whom they have called to leadthem in camp or council? This miserable attempt to divide and corrupt uswill be contemptuously resented as the insult whichit is. And this is the best that Lincoln can think offor us—utter prostration at his feet—a social ruin,horrible to every white man, rich or poor; and ourchoicest citizens, whose names are our pride, handedover to be hanged! This infamous proclamation will but arouse us tonew zeal and new efforts.—Richmond Sentinel. Richmond Sentinel. 

 ☞WM. WELLS BROWN will speak at Quincy, onSunday next, Jan. 3, afternoon and evening. 

 Hon. Henry T. Blow, of Missouri, addressed alarge audience at the Union League rooms, Washington,on Tuesday evening, on the history and prospectsof the Slave States, and particularly of Missouri,which he considered as epitomising the probabledestiny of the other Slave States. We take thefollowing interesting extract: "The latest intelligence from Missouri inducesme to believe that a new Convention will be convenedby the Legislature that meets in February,and there remain little doubt that emancipation willbe adopted and that the next crops will ripen withsuccess on free soil. The elements of party impelledby this spirit already exist, and will then be readyfor action, not only in Missouri, but all over theSouth. Why should it not? The importance ofsuch a party can scarcely be estimated. It holds, inmy humble judgment, the problem of reconstruction.Let the principles of such a party prevail inthe Southern States, and you will have no difficultyin bringing them back into the Union with freedom.Until they do prevail, you cannot make them loyaland happy. There exists another reason why thisresult should be obtained. In Missouri they haveemancipation emblazoned upon their banners. Ithas revolutionized the State. In Tennessee, Gov.Johnson, Parson Brownlow, and in Arkansas, Gen.Gantt boldly preaches this doctrine. In Louisianathere has been a reorganization for some time uponthe basis of this idea, which has already began toshow signs of its power, and it is designed to bringout the purer and better character of her people.So fully has this idea taken hold upon the Southernheart that I venture the declaration that there is nota single State which will not be ready to come backinto the Union as a free State within six months, oras  as she would have come in as a slave State,providing, however, that the Administration willabandon all idea of gradual emancipation, and givesits support to the radical system of immediate action.The process is simple. Let a Convention be called,and let it pass their resolutions:—First, that theState Convention which passed the ordinance of secessionhad, and could have no authority to dissolvethe relations between the State and the UnitedStates. Second, that the resumption of Federal relationsrequires that at first such changes should bemade in the State Constitution as shall prevent rebellionand secession hereafter. Third, that in thesechanges the fact be distinctly recognized that all personsin the State are free, and that it be providedby a fundamental law that slavery shall henceforthbe prohibited. Fourth, that all persons who havebeen engaged in the rebellion shall be prohibitedfrom the privileges of the elective franchise, unlessproven to be loyal. The oath should be strong, andshould contain a clause binding him who takes it tosustain all laws of Congress and proclamations ofthe President with reference to slavery."  

 ☞NATIONAL INVALID SOLDIERS' HOME,JOHN QUINCY ADAMS FARN, Weston, Mass. OHN UINCY DAMS ARN LIEUT. GEO.W. CALEFF, The popular Lecturer, is prepared to take engagementsto deliver the Narrative of his Sufferings for upwards ofTHIRTEEN MONTHS IN THE LIBBY PRISON and other SouthernDungeons, together with some interesting particularsof the sufferings of our Union Soldiers in the hands of theRebels, for the benefit of the above Charitable Institution. HIRTEEN ONTHS IN THE IBBY RISON All communications to be addressed to W. MAZZONI,19 Charlestown street, Boston. SAMUEL POOR, JR., Vice President. JR. R. 

 I. "A 'Freedman's Village' of fourteen dwellings,and a church, a hospital, and a home for theaged and infirm, with streets regularly laid out andnamed, and a park planted in the centre. Thedwellings, two-storied, are constructed in groups offour under each roof, each having two rooms perfectlylighted and ventilated, each its nice cookingstove, each its yard, and each access to a well. Thisseedling of a city was built in sixty days. Theschool will accommodate six hundred pupils. Thehospital, divided into separate wards for women andmen, has room for one hundred fifty-nine beds. Notone, thus far, has been spread. The freedmen havebeen too happy and too busy to get sick. TheHome will shelter the infirm and in separate familygroups if needed. II. There will be seen workshops—-blacksmiths,wheelwrights, carpenters, tailors and shoemakers.White cutlers from New York clothing establishmentscut out clothing. Under the instruction ofskilled seamstresses, women recently fugitives fromfield slavery make this up with the needle, and learnthe use of sewing machines. III. There will be seen in school one hundred andthirty-five girls and boys, learning surprisingly fastthe rudiments of the New England common schooleducation; and there can be heard a choir of onehundred and thirty-five, hymning Watts's noble songs,or the songs of Freedom, with a pathos that startsthe tears. IV. There will be seen the groundwork preparationfor the reception of one bundled and twenty-fivehouses, with their inmates, soon to travel to Arlingtonfrom three contraband camps yet remainingon the north side of the Potomac. Ninety dayswill see this double and economical emigration complete. V. There will be seen in part the clearing ofwide tracts of land, tangled with underbrush overgrowingancient stumps, and the springing of winterwheat upon heavily, manured fields, recentlystamped by cavalry and paraded over by infantry.There are now six abandoned farms worked underthis plan. The farthest is five miles beyond theChain Bridge. The cultivation of each will be asthorough as that of Arlington is designed to be. VI. There will be seen the evidence that althoughthis colony was planted long after the tanning of1863 was commenced, was on its start empty handedand wholly unformed, it sustained itself the firstyear, and had money in the bank at the, end of thefirst season. Two hundred tons of hay, worth thirtydollars a ton; one hundred and ninety-one tonsof corn fodder, worth twelve dollars a ton; a vastquantity of potatees and other vegetables, (distributedamong the hospitals of this department,) anda crop of beans and buckwheat were made and secured.If guerrillas had not been permitted todrive in the laborers from the outer farms, this harvestwould have been doubled. VII. There will be seen a kind and firm administrationof government and industry. They whowill not work must go beyond our lines. The villageand the farms being designed only for the trainingof fugitive slaves into skilled and self-supportinglaborers, but ten dollars a month are paid tothem in addition to their rations and quarters. Theinducement of self-interest stimulates to the speedyqualification for outside employment. So room isconstantly made for new-comers on the farm andthe new ignorant in the school. VIII. There will be seen the fruits of the assessment,of five dollars a mouth levied on the wagesof the colored teamsters and laborers, in thehighly-paid employment of the government, andits rigidly economical application. 'Negro cloth'bought with it in New York, at figures which scarcelyleave a profit to the manufacturer, is made up onthe farm, in entire suits, at a cost of two dollarsand ninety cents the suit. The best of shoes, ofthe largest numbers, are issued to the men at onedollar and sixty cents the pair. No contractors canpossibly get the privilege of supplying these freedmenwith stores of any description. The quartermasterwho gathered them under his care, himselfan experienced merchant, 'jews' the New York market,and pays but the manufacturer's or importer'sprofit, and that an exceedingly small one. The'store' pays a small profit (five per cent.) to thefund, charged upon goods, and sold to other contrabandsand to white laborers. The fund now has toits credit, in bank, about $60,000. The five dollarsa month assessment yields to this enterprise,from the Department of Washington alone, $18,000a month. The pecuniary success of the scheme is assured. IX. There will be seen the evidence of the publicsympathy with this great idea, and its substantialsuccess in its seventh month. An 'intelligence office'has been forced into it by the demand which isalready made for laborers and servants. Two hundredapplications are on file. One gas companyhas asked for a hundred men at large wages, andengaged to keep them for a year. X. There can be heard that story of the immediateand inexorable discharge of a gang of the bestcarpenters in the quartermaster's service for thecrime of endeavoring to compel negroes to dancefor their amusement on the Sabbath. Black menat Arlington have rights which white two are forcedto respect. XI. There will be seen the New England Sabbath,neat homes favorable to the development ofthe family and the cultivation of the household virtues,the joyous sense of being in a secure refugefrom slavery, and the divine stimulus of a realizedmanhood and womanhood. All this is the work of Lieutenant Colonel EliasM. Greene, Chief Quartermaster of the Departmentthy and power of Secretary Stanton.—WashingtonJournal. WashingtonJournal. 

 CLARK'S SCHOOL VISITOR—Vol. VIII. THE Publisher of this favorite Monthly, in order toreach all schools, will send the VISITOR one year gratisto one person. (who will act s agent,) at any post-office inthe United States. This is  unparalleled offer. ISITOR gratis  Address, with five cents enclosed, for particulars, J.W. DAUGHADAY, Publisher, Publisher Dec. 25. 1308 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia. 

 (Continuation of Letters received.) Continuation of Letters received. FROM REV. CHARLES G. AMES. ALBANY, N.Y. Dec. 1, 1863. LBANY DEAR MR. GARRISON: I greatly wish I couldaccept your kind invitation to be one of the favoredmany who will meet in Holy Convocation at Philadelphiathis week: much more might I wish myselfworthy to be counted as one of those who, by bearingthe burden and heat of the day, have been theinstruments of Higher Wisdom in bringing the GoodTime so near. But as one born out of due time—as one born too late to be a worker in the earlierand more trying days when "not crime itself was sofatal to a man as to be known to bold abolition sentiments"—I do most heartily rejoice that other menhave labored with such rich results. As I givethanks to God for all good, so do I thank him forthe American Abolitionists, and for their noble work,which has made a tree Republic—a Christian Commonwealth—possible in America. Of all the warriorswhich this continent has produced, from sturdyMiles Standish down to Unconditional SurrenderGrant, I should most delight to crown with garlandsof honor the brave men and women who have foughtthrough the Thirty Years' War with slavery. EAR R. ARRISON Though I have never thought it nice or necessaryto burn down our political house in order to clear itof vermin—though I have always believed that"Union" would sooner or later be understood tomean "Liberty"—yet I hare also rejoiced to recognizethat deep conservatism which has ever been atthe bottom of all anti-slavery radicalism, and havebeen captivated by that sublime faith in God, andTruth, and the Brotherhood of all Human Interests,which has not ceased, through all these dreary years,to cry aloud in the ears of this guilty nation, "LetJustice he done, and the heavens won't fall!" won't I join with you in thanking God for the victoriesof the Past, and also in taking courage for the battlesof the Future. For there is much heavy workwaiting to be done. In the first place, we mustclinch the nail already driven, by maintaining thelegal validity and securing the practical efficiencyof the Great Proclamation. The highest militaryauthority, pressed by an unparalleled national crisis,has done what John Quincy Adams said anyGeneral might do—has declared concerning morethan three million slaves held by the public enemythat they "are, and henceforward shall be free."Powerful combinations will be formed to secure thereturn of the rebel States with no guaranty for theenforcement of this national decree of freedom: theplain English of which is, that for the sake of reinvestingtraitors with their forfeited rights of citizenship,we will permit the re-enslavement of theseloyal millions, in violation of the plighted faith ofour government. For the sake of a false, treacherousand dishonorable peace, we will make ourselvesactive accomplices in the blackest crime of history!It would scarcely be more monstrous, if we were tosend proposals to the rebels, "If you will resumeyour old, hypocritical pretence of allegiance, andlive at peace with us, we will consent to the butcheryof all the soldiers now in arms against you, ofall Southern Unionists whose presence offends you,and of all Northern men whose opinions are hostileto slavery!" It is for anti-slavery men to teach thisnation that all acceptable peace-offerings must belaid on the altar of Liberty, and not on the altar ofDespotism. And it is for anti-slavery men to see toit that "the promise of freedom, being made," shallbe "kept." there is much heavy workwaiting to be done. shall What more effective way of clinching this nail,so well driven into the coffin of our national Tormentor,than by striking straight, bold, hard blowsin favor of "liberty throughout all the land unto allthe inhabitants thereof" If there are honest differencesas to methods; if we do not all see clearly thewisdom or constitutionality of Congressional legislationagainst slavery in the non-seceding States, excepton the basis of coöperation with those States;the least we can do is to insist that Congress mustexercise its conceded power to invite and secure thatco-operation. When it is wholly apparent that"Freedom for All" is the settled policy and purposeof that loyal mass which constitutes the nation,and which alone has the right to govern slavery inevery Border State, as in Missouri, will be seen onits knees, in an agony of vain supplication for a littlemore time to make its will, chatter its prayers,gather up its robes, and get ready to die as becomesits Christian professions. For we must, henceforth,reckon among "the powers that be," which "are ordainedof God," and which "bear not the sword invain," a compact, earnest, almost savage party ofemancipationists (not "Abolitionists"—oh, no indeed!)in every Border State; for even Kentuckymust soon come pouting into line, jostled and crowdedforward by her more sensible neighbors. Whenslavery, hotly pressed by foes who are dead in earnest,can only act on the defensive, and is confrontedon its own ground by a free press and free assembliesof the people, the fight may he sharp, but itmust be short. It will be glad to die all the soonerfor being assured that the loyal sense and sympathyof the whole nation take sides with its assailants;and we must take care that such assurance is amplyjustified. all all indeed! May I say one thing more, which lies much on myheart? You of all men, know best how to excusethe many things which try to get themselves spokenwhen these sacred subjects are once broached. We must stand by the Freedmen like brothers,through their trying period of transition—throughthe weary wilderness of years which will still stretchbetween their Egypt and their Canaan, even afterthey have clambered out of the bed of this Red Sea.We must nurse their infant liberty till it can goalone and defend itself. The negro, like anotherman, must indeed work out his own salvation, andfight has own battle; but we are bound to see fairplay. The malignant, murderous prejudice and piraticalrapacity of the white man oust not be allowedto override the weakness, inexperience, ignoranceand simplicity of a people just born into theworld; nor to force unrighteous inferences fromtheir faults and follies; nor to cheat them of themeans of honest living and growing. Equality ofrights before the law must not only be recognized inform, but must be secured in fact, as a thing of thespirit and the life, or Emancipation is only a victoriousfailure. Equality ofrights before the law form fact You asked me to "send a word of cheer;" and, lo!I fall to talking of more burdens yet to be borne andmore duties yet to be done. Happily, the lovers ofGod and man have learned that duty is joy, and thathard work is heavenly pleasure. What greater privilegethan to meet the rising occasion, and pour onthe strained and sensitive ear-drum of this awakenednation the clear, wise, warm message of Humanityand Justice? Never was the lesson more needed;never could it be more welcome never couldit sound so much like the trump of God. Welcome, day of judgment! Depart, ye cursed,who have betrayed and crucified the Christ in theperson of his poor and helpless brothers! Come forward,ye blessed, who have been true to the rights ofthe least and the lowest—to the rights of those whocould not recompense your fidelity! Inherit thekingdom! It is yours henceforward; and ye shallsit on the right hand of Power. Yours, in the patience of hope and the labor oflove, CHARLES G AMES. FROM REV. DAVID THURSTON. LITCHFIELD CORNER, Me., Nov. 20, 1863. ITCHFIELD ORNER DEAR SIR: I thank you for the invitation to thethirtieth anniversary of our Society at Philadelphia.I call it ours, because I aided in its organization, andhave never formally withdrawn from it. Thoughfor reasons, which seemed to me satisfactory, I havetaken no part in its meetings of late, I havenever departed from its principles, as stated in ourDECLARATION—the immediate and entire abolitionof slavery in the United Stales, "by all those instrumentalitiessanctioned by law, humanity and religion;and thus to deliver our land from its deadliestcurse, and to wipe out the foulest stain which restsupon our national escutcheon," Not a month beforewe met at Philadelphia to form an Anti-Slavery Society,I had preached three sermons on the subjectof slavery, and, among other things, said that "itought immediately to cease, because its continuanceis preparing the way for civil war." Here I freelyand thankfully acknowledge my indebtedness to youfor enlightening me on the horrid cruelty and abominablewickedness of holding and using men as articlesof property. No human enactments (falselycalled laws) can change a being, created with thefaculties necessary to make him a moral agent, accountableto his Creator, into an article of property,a marketable commodity. Never have I failed tobear testimony against slaveholding as a practicefraught with wrongs and woes unutterable. I donot call it an institution or a system, for it is neither.I constantly maintain the inherent, inprescriptableright of the staves to freedom. EAR IR thirtieth ECLARATION institution system Because, as a nation, we have withheld from themthat sacred right, at the same proclaiming our beliefthat all men are endowed by their Creator withthe inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuitof happiness, in the righteous Providence of God,the leaders in the rebellion have risen up to punishus and themselves for our atrocious wickedness."Howbeit, they do not mean so, neither do theirhearts think so." We are experiencing the scourgesof the just indignation of God against us. Shall notwe continue to feel them, till we remove the great,not the only, cause of them, by giving freedom to allthe enslaved? As the nation refused to do what Abolitionistshave been laboring to have them do, thesethirty years, Jehovah has taken the work into Hishands, and He will do it effectually. What wonderfulchanges in regard to slavery are taking place!Ecclesiastical organizations, which, heretofore, haveutterly refused or ignored any action in relation toslavery, are now passing resolutions condemning thepractice. Even the American Hoard of Commissionersfor Foreign Missions, at their late meeting,passed, unanimously, a "resolution of thanks to Godthat the entire abolition of slavery on the NorthAmerican Continent is an inevitable, and not far distant,result of the war." In regard to what has already been done for theoverthrow of slavery, and what we joyfully anticipateis to be done, we may exclaim, "Behold what agreat matter a little fire has kindled!" Surely, theagency of God it to be devoutly recognized andgratefully acknowledged in these changes. "He ispouring contempt upon princes, and setting the pooron high from, affliction, and making him families likea flock. The righteous see it and rejoice, and alliniquity shall stop her mouth. He disappointeththe devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannotperform their enterprise." Probably not many of-those whose names are attachedto our Declaration still survive, I may beone of the oldest, having past my eight-fourth yearnine months, and still able to plead the cause of theoppressed. Gladly would I be with you on the 3dand 4th of December, to recount some of the conflicts,trials, discouragements and hopes, throughwhich our cause has passed. Surely, we may "thankGod and take courage," for the right will ultimatelyprevail. Domestic affliction must prevent my personalattendance. Give my kind regards to thosepioneers in the good abolition cause, who may bepresent at the contemplated meeting. I rejoicewith them in the brightening prospect of having ourcountry freed from that most inhuman and flagitiouslywicked practice, which has exerted such a fearfullydemoralizing influence through, the wholeland. eight-fourth yearnine months On behalf of the oppressed, I am truly withyou, DAVID THURSTON. WM. LLOYD GARRISON. M. LOYD ARRISON. FROM GEORGE E. BAKER, ESQ. WASHINGTON, Dec. 2, 1863. ASHINGTON GENTLEMEN: Your invitation to attend the celebrationof the Third Decade of the American Anti-SlaverySociety was received by me with gratefulfeelings. Circumstances prevent my accepting it.Cheering as the prospect now is of the abolition ofAmerican slavery, there, never was a time more favorablefor a bold discussion of its nature and evils;nor a time when such discussion was more necessary.The people need a fuller appreciation of the intrinsicwickedness of slavery. John Wesley indulgedin no figure of speech when he said, "Americanslavery is the sun of all villanies." He said trulyand literally, if we could add up, as we add up a columnof figures, Murder, Theft, Adultery, Fraud,etc., the total would be—Slavery. The slaveholderis guilty not of one of the great sins only, but of allcombined. Yet how many regard slavery chieflyas an economic evil, a question of expediency! ENTLEMEN sun The rapid extinction of slavery now going on, atsuch fearful cost of blood and treasure, was foreseenby some of our great statesmen. They seem to havebeen of two classes. Mr. Everett in his GettysburgOration intimates that he saw it, and strove, "perhapstoo long," to avert the catastrophe by compromise.He represents one and much the larger class. Mr. Seward, on the other hand, saw the result fortyyears ago, and sought to save the country fromconvulsion and war by constantly raising his voice ofwarning, and by counselling the putting away ofslavery through peaceful measures. To this end,with a small minority of his fellow-citizens, he labored.To this end also Channing, Garrison, GerritSmith, Sumner and other wrote and spoke."Man proposes, but God disposes." An almightyPower has taken the work from fruits hands, andnow we wait for the salvation of God. Your friend and servant, GEO.E. BAKER. 

 BY MRS. EMILY C. PEARSON. THE critics ask, How is it that the author of this workso perfectly satisfies men of all creeds and partieswith her revelations of Slavery, and so lucidly solves graveproblems of the times connected with the rebellion? Theanswer is plain, viz: by being herself a resident of theSouth, and admitted behind the scenes, the great curtainsof which are being drawn by the stern hand of War. A young lady, having connections at the South, and acquaintedin several slave States, was a guest in one of theold wealthy families in Eastern Virginia. At the princelyboard, distinguished men of our own and other countriesdiscussed the grand questions which now shake ournational edifice, while characteristic scenes in which rich-whites,poor-whites, and slaves figured, passed in vividpanorama before her. She had no theory on the "institution"of the South, but absorbed in what she saw andheard, noted down incidents and portraitures for her ownreference. The material grew on her hands. Her lettersNorth appearing in a leading public journal, attracted attentionthroughout the land—and very naturally; forwhile others wrote on that subject from imagination, shefrom observation; others from theory, she from facts; othersstill from sectional or political motives, she id thecharmed circle of personal friends.  An honest and truthful representation of the evils ofslavery, in which the author has, with the greatest fidelity,introduced just such characters, scenes and incidentsas came within the range of her own observation. It willbe read and prized by every one who has any interest inthe subject treated. The plain, honest truth is kindly told, and a picturepresented in which slavery appears in those lights andshades in which every one's intelligence assures him mustexist. There is one phase of Southern life which evenUncle Tom's Cabin not so vividly present, the bearingof slavery upon the poor white population. From first to last, the reader is made to feel that he isno more listener to a narrative, but an actual observer ofthe scene. Painted by an eye-witness, the scenes are life-like andpainfully interesting, imparting a much better idea of theenormity of the slave-traffic than can be found in UncleTom. It is absorbing as a story; its facts and logic shed lighton matters of national interest; and although descendingto the lowest stratum of Southern society, not an oath oraught offensive to the purest taste disfigures its pages, andbeing pervaded by an elevated religious sentiment, it isadmirably adapted to the family circle and Sunday School,and just now will be peculiarly suitable for a New Year'sPresent. Price $1. Agents wanted. Agents wanted. C.H. PEARSON, Dec. 11. 67 Cornhill, Boston. 

 A GOOD DEFINITION. In reference to EarlRussell's description of our war as a struggle for empireon one side and for independence on the other,Richard Cobden adds: "I say it is an aristocraticrebellion against a democratic government." OOD EFINITION. 

 THE undersigned bags leave to inform his friends andthe public, that (owing to ill health) he has beenobliged to leave his situation at Messrs. H.B. Stanwood& Co's, now Messrs. Shreve, Stanwood & Co's, where he hasbeen employed for the last fourteen years, the work beingtoo heavy for his physical strength, and is now preparedto do all manner of JOBBING ON GAS FIXTURES, In the most careful manner. New Fixtures furnished put up, old Fixtures and Glass Drops cleaned, leaks stopped,Gas Fixtures done over, and Gas Glasses of all kindsfurnished at short notice. Also, Gas Burners of all theapproved kinds.  Particular attention given to Lighting up for Parties. Lighting up for Parties. Shop under the Marlboro' Hotel. Orders may be left atMessrs. Hall & Stowell's Provision Store, 132 Charles street,Boston. NELSON L. PERKINS. Refers to Shreve, Stanwood & Co. Oct. 30—ly 

 On Tuesday Evening, December 22, 1863, on PresidentLincoln's Message and proclamation. On Tuesday Evening A very large audience assembled at Cooper Institute,Tuesday evening, Dec. 22d, to hear WendellPhillip's criticism on the President's late messageand proclamation. John E. Williams, Esq., was nominated by G.W.Smalley, by preside, and in a few patriotic remarksintroduced the orator of the evening. Mr. Phillips, after the applause with which he wasgreeted had subsided, said:— LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,—Four years ago thismonth, I had the honor to assist in giving the bodyof John Brown to the hills he loved. Selfishness,which steals the name of conservatism, sneered at hislife as a ridiculous failure. And some men, who calledthemselves his friends, excused his attempt on theground that he was a lunatic. We know better now.The rebellion has broken into the cabinets of the conspirators;and we know of a surely, that the echoesof his rifles had hardly died away on the banks ofthe Shenandoah, before South Carolina prepared forwar in defence of her system. Four years have rolledaway. And now, December 8th, exactly on thefourth anniversary day of his burial, the victoriousPresident of the nation offers eleven rebel States permissionto return to the Union, on conditions whichJohn Brown would gladly have accepted after twentyyears of hard fighting. Marvelous progress in fouryears. Well might the old man say, as he did, toTheodore Parker, "I may fall—I may expiate myrashness on the gibbet, but I open a terrible vial."But the terms which would have been gladly acceptedin 1859—naked, bald, technical liberty for the negro,are not to be thought of for a moment in 1863.(Applause.)Let me remind you of the trite story of theRoman sybil. She came to Tarquin with her ninebooks, and offered them for a thousand crowns; turnedaway, she came back with six books at the sameprice of a thousand crowns; refused, she came back athird time with only three books, still for a thousandcrowns. So the conscience of the North, in 1821,would gladly have granted peace at the price of onlythe freedom of the territories. In 1831, she demandedimmediate and total emancipation wherever theflag floats. Both were contemptuously refuted, andafter the gun at Sumter, followed by three years ofblood and costly war, there is no safe, no admissiblecondition of peace, but the substantial, practical protectionof the freedom the negro, and the elementsof national life so arranged as to guarantee peace anddemocracy forever within the borders of the nation.(Applause.) ADIES AND ENTLEMEN It is in the light of this reminiscence and of this necessity,that I am going to criticise for you to-nightthe message and proclamation of the President on the8th day of the present month, contending that his planfor reconstruction is now neither wise, safe, nor feasible.Some men say, why make any serious criticismof the proclamation? We know very well that Mr.Lincoln does not expect that it will be accepted, andonly makes the offer that the South's refusal may puther in an indefensible position before the world. Iwould not insult the head of this great nation by asserting,that in such a momentous hour he offers termsof peace which he is not willing to have accepted.No man who trusts either the sincerity or the honestyof Abraham Lincoln can look to the proclamation inany other light than as a declaration of the terms onwhich the President is willing the Union may be reconstructedBut apart from that, no matter what beour Individual judgment of the President, every manknows that the masses will take, and they have a rightto take, and cannot avoid taking, that declaration ofthe government as containing admissible and safe conditionsof reconstruction The public purpose and effortwill crystallize round that, will sink to that level.Every man, in looking forward and forming his plans,will fall into full content with finally getting as muchas the President claims. This is one of the most dangerouseffects of this proclamation. It will, unlessfrankly criticised, let the purpose of the nation downto a dangerous level. Every one looks up to the Presidentas acquainted beyond any other individual withthe difficulties and details of this question. The publicregard him as surveying it from a loftier outlookthan is permitted to any other man. And we shoulddo him an injustice, which the masses of the nationwill never do him, to suppose that the proclamationdoes not, in his deliberate judgment, and with fullknowledge of the facts, contain secure guaranties forthe future peace and integrity of the Union. Again, other men say, why criticise the President?You know very well that he is a growing man, withhis face Zion ward; you know very well, in the springof 1862, he said to the States, emancipate before it istoo late, while you may make a good bargain; that inthe fall of the same year he had travelled on to theproclamation of September 22d, a hundred days afterto the proclamation of the first of January. I know it.All honor to the growing man—all honor to the recipientintellect who loves to learn and grow better. Buthow does he learn? Why did he grow? Becausewe watered him. (Applause and laughter) Whydid he advance? Because the nation pushed himon. (Applause and laughter.) I am here to ask youto persevere in the same effort. Even with regard tothose steps, the proclamation early in 1862, the armingof the negroes, the proclamation of September1862, and that of January 1863, I should do no injustice.to the President If I said that the nation forcedhim to them. Indeed, the President's merit is thatthe obstinacy of his resistance is not so strong as arethe force of events and the pressure of public opinion,which crush it. But he delayed even those steps solong as almost to exhaust the patience and confidenceof his own friends. I believe he took them reluctantlyat last And here let me correct the exaggerationof the press, in speaking of my interview with Mr.Lincoln, on the 25th day of January 1863. His remarkhas been grossly exaggerated. What he didsay was this. Referring to his proclamation of Septemberand that of January as, in truth, one not, and tothe democratic triumphs that intervened, he said thathe doubled whether the proclamation had not donemore harm than good, and this view he argued forsome time pertinaciously. Then, as now, his anxietywas more in regard to Northern opinion than Southernbattles; and indeed, be seems to allude to thatstate of his mind in the sentence of his recent messagewhere, in reference to the Emancipation Proclamation,he says, "Then followed dark and doubtfuldays." He soon learned from you to believe otherwise.Now his whole heart is in that act Do yourpart as wall now again, and he may be made to behavein a method of reconstruction much safer andbetter than the one he has suggested. But furtherand apart from this, 1862 is not 1863. The terribleexasperation of fierce battles lost and gained urgedhim on. The bloody months that followed, the sorehearts, the indignant millions, demanded more, and thePresident at the head of the nation drifted with thegreat national purpose. He might then have said whathe chase. Events overruled him. As in the ballad, forced your The king said "sail"The wind said "no."  But we touch the latter half of the war. We comein this contest to the epoch not of battle, but or polition,when the President's words are far more inflectionalthan they were two years ago: when battles, arebecoming secondary, and political engineering is primaryin importance. We come in this civil strife tothat epoch which 1781 and 1782 marked in our revolutionarystruggle, when, as Washington said, you remember,"The spirit of freedom which at the commencementwould have gladly sacrificed everythingfor the attainment of its object, has long subsided, andevery selfish passion has taken is place." We, approachthe end of this war; it is half concluded. At the sameperiod of our revolution, as every man knows, it tookall the popularity of Washington and Morris, and Hamiltonand Adams, to hold the people up to the terribleearnestness required by the revolutionary struggle.Compromise offered at this era, terms of settlement, proclaimedto such a people divided, one half of them anti-administration,ready from sympathy to stretch out thereadiest hand to the rebels,—the other, supporters of toMr. Lincoln, proud of success, magnanimous fromstrength, feeling that the game is in their own hands,willing to he merciful,—are trebly perilous. At thehead of such a people, part wearied, part corrupt, partover confident, the President lays before the nationterms of reconstruction, and they mean infinitely morethan his groping footsteps in 1861 and 1862. Men sayagain, "Why trouble yourselves about the message?Events are making every thing sure." I know it; butwhat are events? You and I are one of them. Theintellect, the purpose, the virtue of the millions, isone of the events which are urging the President andthe Cabinet forward. words No, we stand here to-night, with the acknowledgedhead of the nation deliberately assuring the world thata certain programme will content the North. If hewere a leader, I should go to him, and not to you;should offer argument to his mind. But the Presidentdoes not act simply from his own unbiased convictions.He bows to yours. He seeks to do your will.With all his merits, (and they are great,) with all hisservices, (and they are momentous,) the President isnot a leader—never professed to be a leader. ThePresident is the agent of public opinion. He waits toknow what you will allow and what you demand thathe shall do. His anxiety is not South, over the battle-field;he believes in Northern cannon; his anxietyis North, in regard to your, opinion, to know how muchhe may trust himself to ask. Chattanooga was a brave sound at the White House,and gave its tenant sound sleep; but the election ofSchuyler Colfax was ten times braver, and made himsleep ten times sounder, (applause) for he knew thatGrant could go to the Gulf when he chose; (loud applause)but he did not know whether the Northernpurpose, culminating in the election of the speaker,meant to say amen to the most radical dream of thenation. And when he heard that vote of the Houseof Representatives, your attorney at the White Housedared more than he ever dared before. It is therefore here and to you, that I, as one of thepeople, undertake to enter my protest against theproclamation, and to ask of you to demand more ofthe government than that document covers. (Ominoussilence.) Say not that I am doing injustice toMr. Lincoln. As my old professor at the law collegeused to say, "Gentlemen, I know my profession sowell, that I need not blush when I say no to a questionI cannot answer. So Mr. Lincoln has done such service in this rebellion,has carved for himself a niche so high in theworld's history, that he can well afford to have hisfaults told. (Applause.) There are two kinds of men in statesmanship. Oneis the servant of the people, and the other is the moulderof the people. To the first class belongs our Presidentand his cabinet; the other class is made up ofdifferent material. Andrew Jackson was one when, in defiance of prophetsand merchants, he flung down his gauntlet of democracyand waited till the nation endorsed him.Butler (applause) was another, when over Chesapeakebay he thundered the new word "contraband," (applause)and waited until the nation endorsed him. Fremontwas another (great applause,) when in the summerof 1861 he gave the nation its watchword, andbreathed into Missouri the breath of a righteous existence.And my opinion is—every man has a right tohis opinion—my opinion is, that if that class of menhad presided over the destinies of the nation in thesummer of 1861, we could have finished this war intwo years, with all the advantages that we shall getout of a war of five years. (Cheers.) But Providenceplaced us as we are, and all it demands of us is vigilance.The tenure of Democratic liberty is to beworthy of it. Men say, the third time, "Why criticisethe Proclamation! Slavery is dead, and no mancan revive it" I have beard that two or three times;it has been the song of the nation two or three times. In 1787, when the Constitution was framed, theSouth said, and the North believed, that slavery had receivedits death-blow. Gen. Heath, of my State, said,"Slavery has got its death-wound." Southern men affirmedthe same. It was supposed that it could notbreathe in the pure mountain air of revolutionary liberty;the lightning of the sons of liberty had struck itdead. But at that moment, the devil hovered overCharleston with a handful of cotton seeds. Droppedin the fruitful soil of the islands, there came up a fibrewhich has bound New England and New York to thecar of the Carolinas, and enslaved the North for seventyyears. In 1821, at the Missouri Compromise, John Randolph,of Virginia, said, "slavery is dead; the time isnear, you will see it, when the stave master will runfrom his slave as a burden, instead of the slave runningfrom his master as a tyrant;" but slavery leaptover the Mississippi and culminated in this rebellion.No, Dryden tells us, "idiots only may be cozenedtwice." I have beard about slavery being dead. Inever will believe it till I see it buried where plummetnever sounded. (Applause.) No, my guide is the exampleof the Anti-Corn Law League in a similar emergency.On the 19th day of Dec., 1845, Sir RobertPeel, who had left office because he could not bring hiscomrades to a repeal of the bread tax, reassumed theoffice of First Lord of the Treasury at the bidding ofthe Queen, pledged to take off that tax. On the 28dof the same month, Cobden, Bright and Wilton andtheir fellows met in council. The London Times saidto them, as the world says to us, "Gentlemen, yourwork is done; give up all your professions! vituperation,and go home." What was the reply of the waryEnglishmen? They said, in 1843, with the governmentagainst us, we raised fifty thousand pounds to agitatethis question; in 1844, with the government stillagainst us, we raised and spent one hundred thousandpounds to agitate this question; and now, in 1845, withthe government pledged to our purpose, we will raisetwo hundred and fifty thousand pounds to make it sure.(Applause.) So, with the President pledged to mypurpose, with the government inevitably on my side,I will neither rest nor be silent until I see the Starsand Stripes mean inevitably, total, unconditional, immediatefreedom. (Great applause.) You may saythis is hard work. Yes, gentlemen, to be a democratis very hard work. (Laughter.) Fisher Ames said,aristocracy is a noble frigate, tight and taut, thoroughlyfitted, strongly armed. You may sit in the cabinwarm and dry, and only the storm that makes oceankiss the heavens can sink her. But that can. Democracyis a raft; your feet always wet, but you cannotsink. Eternal vigilance; nobody to be trusted; thatis to be democrat. The President's well-known advice,"Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord"—has been well commented on by Dr. Arnold of Rugbythirty years ago. "It would have been good adviceto the Israelites on the shores of the Red Sea—awaitinga miracle. It would have been false when theywere to conquer Canaan with their own righthands." It is in that temper that I approach thePresident's Proclamation. Under what circumstancesdoes he make it? In the first place, lookacross the water. Look at England. I recognize moregladly, more entirely than any man can, the magic andinestimable influence of the words of Henry WardBeecher on the other side of the water. (Applause.)I know that when he melted the hearts of millions, hewelded than to our side. (Applause.) But the wholeEnglish problem admits of a vary brief statement. Times When the war broke out, England as a unit hatedus. There is no other single word that will expressher feelings. Closely allied, kindred by close bloodrelationship, we trod on her heels. We over passedher on some points. She could not bear the rivalrynor the conquest. She felt it as close relatives alwaysfeel the success of their kindred You will alwaysfind it safe to abuse a man to his cousin(Laughter.) England, our cousin, hated us; andwhen the London Times looked across the water andsaid the bubble had bunt, she added in a whisper—thank God! (Laughter.) But she looked a little longerand out of that bursted bubble came seven hundredthousand armed men on the banks of the Potomac—(applause)—and the heart that hated beganto fear us. She said, this broken fragment of a peoplestarts up a great military power. Beecher is eloquentbut Vicksburg and Chattanooga, and Parrottguns, sending two-hundred pound balls seven miles,are more terribly eloquent than be. (Applause.)Then, France—the Emperor of France is a long-headedman; he does not send ten thousand man by driblets—anxiously keeping alive the spark of Mexicaninvasion—for nothing. He has a keen eight and a determinedpurpose ahead. He plans, during the difficultiesof this nation, a serious effort to arrest themarch of self-government, and the autest head ona throne is our determined enemy. Now, I wouldnot answer France solely with bugle-note and rifle-shoton the banks of the Rio del Norte. Oh, no!This continent is consecrated by the ages to the fulland free experiment of self-government. That is ourclaim-our just claim. Europe is trying the experimentof thrones. Let her. She has a right to try itwithout our interference. But if France plants thegerm of aristocracy and thrones in the soil of theAmerican continent, my answer to her is, this reconstructedUnion, holding out its right hand, with fiftymillions of dollars for Garibaldi, saying, take possessionof Rome; and one hundred millions for the republicansof Paris, saying, make Napoleon sit uneasy;and one hundred millions for Germany, saying, makekings tremble—I would meet Napoleon with his ownweapons—retaliation as well as resistance. If Europeleaves America to republicanism, well. If she interferes,we interfere—(applause)—and the right hand ofour resistance is clasped in brotherhood with the radicalsof Europe to upset every throne on the continent.(Applause.) That is my foreign policy, and one farmore within our control than that of Europe. Onthe sea we are equals. She must send men here tocarry out her plans on land; but all her navies couldnot bring enough to endanger us. While in a box onefoot square, we can send all European radicals need,money. Times  money. Now look South. I said, Lincoln does not fear theSouth. He need not. What Grant has not done, he willdo. (Applause.) But look for nothing from him justyet. Every ounce of food his men have eaten wasbrought to them fifteen miles over the hills by horses,and that arm of the service needs rest as well asthe others. He may not be heard of for sixty orninety days; but be sure of this, he will not sit downand dig. (Long-continued applause.) When he doesmove, it will be to see the South retreat to theGulf States—Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi. Withtheir railroads worn out, and all their transportationexhausted, they have no means of bringing food totheir army, and the army must go to the food. Butwhen they have reached it, when five or six millionsof men makeup their minds that the forlorn spot isreached, then be sure the war is not ended yet The South are a brave people. Four years ago Isaid to you under this roof, the South is no coward,and you laughed at me. Yon know now that, sincerelydeluded, the South does believe a lie, and is willingto fight for it. The last forlorn refuge of such apeople is a bloody fight When in the eighth centurythe Musselmen poured over the Alps four hundredthousand strong, and Charles Martel, king of Francecould muster but fifty thousand men to meet them, hesaid—"Gentlemen, there is no France but what yourfeet cover." Nerved by such despair, they hurled thecrescent back into the Mediterranean, and saved Europeto Christianity. The South fights with such amotive and such a faith. No, the war is not ended. It does not touch its end,and yet its end is certain; and what that end is to bewe may read in the light of our own power and ourown perseverance. The Union is to be reconstructedwith a cement that laughs all interference to scorn.(Applause.) Daniel Webster said the cement of theUnion was the Fugitive Slave Act Sin never cementedanything. The cement of this Union is to be the mutual respectof the sections, bred of that blood which hasmingled on bravely-contested fields. The Souththought of the Yankee as one who knew only howto cheat. She met him at Chattanooga, and changedher mind. The North thought of the South as onlygasconade and empty vaunt. We have battled withher for four years, and learned to respect her sincerityif not her intelligence, and out of that mutual respectis to grow a Union as indestructible and indivisible asthe granite that holds up the continent. There isnot the fear. As I said before—as Mr. Lincoln showsit—it is here at the North—the question of how muchwe will do and how far we will go. There Now, all civil wars are ended by compromise. Therenever was a civil war in which one party got a cleanvictory, to my knowledge. In wars between two nationsit has sometimes, though rarely, been the case;but in a nation divided on its own soil, there neverwas a strife which was not ended by compromise.Ours will be. The only question is, what shall wecompromise on? Once launched on the stormy andturbid waters of politics, you cannot tell; but with thehelm in our hands, you and I, if faithful, can now sayto the nation, you may compromise where and whenyou please with one exception, and that is, the tap-rootof slavery shall be cut. (Applause.) Let thirty SouthernRepresentative enter Congress under this proclamation,and what will be their first demand? It will be,"Gentlemen, fund our debt." Your Representativeswill go to the united body and want a tariff to pay Mr.Chase's interest. The reply of the Democratic Southernmajority, or minority, will be, "Granted; we areready to provide for it when you please, providedthat you tack on it, by way of rider, a tariff which willpay our interest too, and only on that condition shallyou have a policy which is not tantamount to repudiation."You say this is not possible. Let me see.The builders of pirate ships in England have someon hundred millions of this scrip, probably. Supposethey coma to the door of your reconstructedCongress and say, "Gentlemen, this paper is notworth five cents on the dollar; but we will give youtwenty millions of it if by your vote you will makeyour twenty and our other eighty millions worth par."Did you ever know a Congress which could not bebought with twenty millions of dollars? Do you everhope to see one? (Laughter.) Consider the materialsof which Congress is made; often of men who, byevery base and equivocal act, have wriggled their wayto place. Perhaps this office is the last gift they canexpect of their party. Henceforth they sink back tothe common level. Reputation, in a political point ofview, is nothing to them thereafter. To twenty suchthe tempter comes—and twenty gained are enoughto decide any question. Your Alexander Hamilton,and the holders of our colonial debt, so smallthat you would laugh at the amount, if I should mentionit, went to Congress, and the question was, willor will you not give up the government, or save thegovernment, by funding that debt at its original face?that same scene, with another Alexander Hamilton,is to take place in the first reconstructed Congress.The same fraud was perpetrated at the time of theTexas annexation, and carried that measure. Now,therefore, the first item of compromise will bethree or four thousand millions of debt. I do not objectto that particularly, myself. It is the atonementwhich God demands, of this nation for seventy yearsof sin. No sin is washed out with words. You cannotcheat the devil of his due Our fathers sinnedagainst that victim race, and God! mortgages the righthand of every living man, and of every child that isto be born for the next half century to atone for thenation's iniquity. That is one compromise. Therewill be others. Now, it is in such a time, and withsuch a future, that Mr. Lincoln enters the first elementof it, broadly considered? It is this: He layshis own proclamation and the acts of Congress at thefoot of the Supreme Court. He says the South is toswear to support the various acts of the Governmentin his hands and in the hands of Congress, so far asthe Supreme Court holds them to be valid. Now, Iam not asserting that he could say anything else,speaking merely of military proclamations and acts ofCongress. I am only telling you what he does say, inorder to lead you to demand of him something notsubject to each danger. To show my purpose, Let meask you what does that proclamation mean—the proclamationof the 1st of January. 1863? Some of the members of the Cabinet say," It meansthat any negro who can get bold of it is free. Mr.Chase says that, in consequence of it, any negro downto the Golf is free. (Applause.) Republicans in myState say, that there is no law in it; that it is notworth the waste paper on which it is written. LeadingRepublicans says so. What does Mr. Lincoln say?He says, as he ought to say, nothing. He cannot sayanything. When your Governor has signed an act,he cannot tell you its meaning any better than you can,or I. He must ask the Supreme Court to construe it—and the meaning of that proclamation nobody knowsuntil the Supreme Court has settled it. Nobody knowsthe meaning and force of any of the laws or proclamationson which we are relying to stop this war andprevent another, until Roger B. Taney and his fellowssettle it for us. In other words, the proclamationof the 1st of January, 1863, is to be filtered throughthe secession heart of a man whose body is in Baltimore,but whose soul, if he has one, is in Richmond.(Applause.) It has to pass the ordeal of a bench ofJudges who made the Dred Scott decision, and announcedthat the negro has no rights which a whiteman is bound to respect. It has to pass the ordeal ofa set of Judges, the majority of whom are Southernersand the servants of Southerners, and who reachedtheir places by pandering to the Slave Power. Ofthe two who refused the Dred Scott decision, one isin his grave, and the other has resigned. Now, Godhelp the negro if he hangs on Roger B. Taney for hisliberty! I am not here to speak of the portentouspower of the Supreme Court. You know what it is,the Gibraltar of our system, the point whore our democraticmachine touches nearest to despotism.Adopting the English plan of bowing to precedents,it is a system in which the opinions of the presentday are checkmated by the prejudices of men whowere appointed fifty years ago, and who are obliged torespect the prejudices of men who have been in theirgraves a hundred years. The hot-new purpose of today,just born of long, bitter experience, and tried infierce battle, is to be tested and measured by the fossilprejudice and iron precedents of a century back. Putnew wine into new bottles. Don't try to bind earthquakes with parchment bands. In ordinary times, Imight have something to say about the rules of actionin our Supreme Court considering its place as a politicalpower in our system; I might object to theiron rigor of this English doctrine of precedents.But this is no hour to criticize our institutions.Leave that for times of peace. We most take thingsas they are, and arrange our remedies to match thecase. Leave the Supreme Court all the power itclaims. But call into exercise the reserved sovereigntyof the nation, and provide a safeguard which is,constitutionally, beyond the reach of that Court, as faras anything can he in our system. To such a tribunalPresident Lincoln proposes to submit the dual settlementof the war. We are to furl banners and adjournthe fight, not knowing which party has beaten,or how much we have gained, until that Court decideson our measures. I asked one of the shrewdestmembers of the House of Representatives what hewould give for the Proclamation before the SupremeCourt? "Little or nothing," he said. Within fiveweeks, a prominent New England Senator said to me,"The greatest danger to the Proclamation is from theSupreme Court" On the President's plan we maysee the insidious and gradual chicanery of cunningJudges filch from us all we have so dearly earned.And against such a danger, even while thismessage is writing, the highest members of the Governmentare understood to dare to say only, "I hope,""I expect," "Perhaps," the Supreme Court will endorsethe January Proclamation. Now mark you!as commander-in-chief, and the author of these twoinstruments, I am not finding fault with Mr. Lincoln.It is just like this: Suppose you are the tenant of ahouse; the chimney smokes, your lease is out in thirtydays; you do not trouble yourself with the chimney,but you throw up a window to make a draft.Very well, but yet the landlord remodels the chimney.Mr. Lincoln is a tenant at will, who goes outshortly. His Proclamation is throwing up the windowto create a draft; but, as the President, joined to youand Congress—THE NATION, I want him to remodelthe chimney. (Applause.) As commander-in-chief, hehas freed slaves. I ask of the Nation to abolish slavery.As commander-in-chief, he has done an act which theSupreme Court may reverse, and may set aside inpart or wholly. Of the Nation I claim an amendmentof the Constitution which that Court is sworn to obey,and in such plain terms as they cannot misconstrue. freed slaves. Nation to abolish slavery. That is, I want a platform which the SupremeCourt cannot touch, (Applause.) As a quid pro quofor this war, I want something of which I know thevalue to-day without consulting Judge Taney, andJudge Clifford, and Judge Catron, secessionists fromthe tops of their heads to the soles of their feet.(Hisses and applause.) If you do not think so, goand examine them, that is all. (Renewed hisses andapplause.) If they have reformed and repented, andgot any better, I shall be glad to know it, if any manhas recent information; ("Good!") but I judge themby their record; I judge them by their decisions.They may be trusted in belligerency questions andsuch like; not in any case into which the negro enters.The New York Times asks me to day whether I wouldnot trust the negro where all the white men have beentrusted for the last twenty years? If I had had noprotection but the bench of the Supreme Court, Ishould have been in jail seven years ago; and asfor the negro, that Court has announced that he hasno rights which white men are bound to respect.Before I trust the negro with them, I want to givehim at least the same protection from their prejudicesand caprices that I have, namely, THE CONSTITUTION. quid pro quo negro Times Now, what I should ask of Mr. Lincoln in this behalfis, an amendment of the Constitution, which hisadvice to Congress would secure in sixty days. Submitto the States an amendment of the Constitutionwhich shall say, "Hereafter, there shall be neitherslavery nor involuntary servitude in any State of thisUnion." (Cheers.) Mr. Seward says that these MississippiSenator's chairs stand empty, and he wantsthem filled. So do I: but he is for having them filledas they are. I am for making them as hot that aif slaveholder cannot sit in them. (Laughter and applause.)I want the States back, and I want themback speedily, and I want them back in their fullstrength, that we may say to France, "Go home, andtake care of your tottering throne!" (Applause.)But before I receive these States, I will provide, eitherby parchment guarantees here, or by natural lawsthere, that there shall be, real peace and democracyforever, when peace is once proclaimed. (Applause.) Go home, andtake care of your tottering throne!" (Applause.) Some men have one theory and some have anotherMr. Sumner has a theory that the Southern Statesare all dead,—there is nothing but territories. Mr.Dale Owen has a theory that the States are not dead,only dormant, as the lawyers say, "in abeyance"-goneto sleep, in common terms. Seward has a theorythat they are not gone to sleep at all—they are asalive as ever, only kicking on the wrong side. (Laughterand applause.) If you will read the second volume of "Macaulay,"the last fifty pages, you will find that he describesthe English nation in the same circumstances,—a precedent to which I have reamed two orthree times since the outbreak of this rebellion.James the Second had fled to Paris. The hightories said, "The King lives forever, and all wehave to do is to make an image of James the Second,and obey it." The moderate tories, said, "No,the throne is in sheyance while he is away." TheAlgernon Sidney Whigs said, "No, he has forfeitedthe throw;" and the other whip said. 'No, he hasvacated the throne;" the people said, "We knownothing about it; we only know the throne is empty,and we mean to fill it." They did so, and have hadno trouble since. Now, I do not know whether thereare territories ever there, or States dormant, or Statesin a vicious activity—all I know is, the house is vacant,and I mean to clean it before they get back. I mean to make this platform such that they maycome safely back, and soon back, and back in theirown natural forms. I do not accede to Mr. Sumner'stheory unless I am obliged to. I will take an ounceof bread if I cannot get any more. I will take Mr.Lincoln's proclamation if I cannot get any more; butI think that three years of costly and bloody war entitleand enable us to get a great deal more, and I do notmean to give up until I am convinced to the contrary. But Mr. Sumner's Territories theory has one exceedinglybad feature. The strongest chord in the American heart next tothe love of Union, is State pride. If you were to tellme that you could make me a Massachusetts overagain on my own soil as good as the old one, I shouldnot want it. I want the old Massachusetts of Endicottand Winthrop, and Bradford and the Pilgrims—the actual old State, the line that binds me to the cabinof the Mayflower. So does Andy Johnson in Tennessee;so do the speechless Unionists in Mississippi.And I would save the State alive for them by an actionthat would enable them to bring it back in theirown method and their own time. Meantime, all thatdevolves upon me, is so to shape the Constitution thatwhen they come back, they cannot come back exceptfree Stales. You may say, we have no power so to amend theConstitution. Yes, our constitutional life is a limitedone, except one line; but there is one line of the Constitutionwhich gives us a sovereignty as unlimited asVictoria, or the throne of France, by that line whichsays, "The people may amend the Constitution."You could make Lincoln hereditarily President; if youchose, give it to his son. You could make the Senatehereditary; you could give women the ballot; youcould take it from men under fifty; you can do anything.The common law says, if a man is attacked, heretires to the wall and uses any weapon he can reachto defend his life. International law says to that unitwhich it creates—a nation—"If you are attacked, goto the wall; when you get there, you are at liberty touse any means to preserve your life. Abolish dynasties,systems, property, statute books to any extent"In 1776 our fathers did not abolish George theThird, they abolished kings, saying that kingcraftwas fatal to the colonies. In 1688, to which I havereferred, the English did not abolish thrones, but theysaid, "The divine right of kings has proved fatal toEngland. We cut off Charles the First's head, hopinghis son would behave better; but he behaves worse.Now we will elect our king, and hold him on that tenure,and see if he will behave better." He has Soof France. The warrant for such abolition is to befound in the greatly imperilled state of the republic,and in the legitimate functions of the government tobe exercised in such an alarming crisis. By commonlaw, an individual has the right of self-defence by allmeans recognized by that law. In view of internationallaw, a nation is an individual, and has the rightof self-defence by all meant recognized by that law;one of those means being the destruction of any dynastyor institution which imperils national life. Slaveryhas struck at the life of the nation, and declaredits own existence incompatible with that of the nation.Hence, the nation, acting through its officialorgans, has a right to abolish slavery throughout itsdominions; and past events demonstrate alike the necessityand duty of exercising this right without delayand without compromise, and beyond recall. Mr. Lincoln said, in the beginning of the war, "Iwould try to save this Union without hurting slavery."He showed he knew nothing about the crisis. There are men who go into the Senate house to-day,and talk to you about the Supreme Court, as Websterdid in 1850, and as Webster would not do to-day if hewere alive—bound in parchments and technicalities.Unlike Chatham, they come with law books doubleddown in dog's ears to advocate liberty by precedent.Like an old Massachusetts parson, who always refusedto baptize a baby who was born on Sunday. (Laughter.)Now, what you want to-day is a statesmanshipwhich says, "This is the hour of revolutionary convulsions,when the nation, resuming her sovereignty,undertakes to set up barriers equal to the occasion."The lion's bloody jaws give evidence that we have theright to shoot him to-day. But there are men amongus who advise you to wait till he tears out his ownclaws and, pulls out his own teeth in 1900. That bodyof States represented in Washington lays taxes, raisesarmies, makes treaties, and does every act pertainingto the sovereignty of the nation. As well may itamend the Constitution. The lesson of to-day is: the Constitution to bethrown up as a barrier. And that brings me to thesecond point of the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln. Thenatural law, which would have saved us, even with-it?out an amendment of the Constitution, the Presidentsets aside. He sets aside the Confiscation Act. Hesays all slaveholders, excepting about seven hundred,may return to their estates, and the State may thencome back on the vote of one-tenth of its old votersinto the Union. What does that mean? Every manknows that land dictates government If you holdland, every man his own form, it is a democracy; youneed not curiously ask of the statute book. If a fewmen own the territory, it is an oligarchy; you neednot carefully scan its laws. Thirty thousand familiesown England; it is an oligarchy. Every Massachusettsfarmer owns his house, and Jefferson Davis, multipliedby millions, could not make it anything but ademocracy. Daniel Webster said, in 1820, the revolutionin France has crumbled up the nobles' estatesinto small farms; the throne must either kill them orthey will kill out the throne. Every man knows that. Land being worth little or nothing without slaves,the land in our Southern States is owned almost exclusivelyby slaveholders; and from the nature oftheir cultivation, in much larger lots than at theNorth. Now, while there large estates remain in thehands of the just defeated slave oligarchy, its poweris not destroyed. But let me confiscate the land ofthe South, and put it into the hands of the negroesand white men who have fought for it, and you maygo to sleep with your parchments. I have plantedUnion sure to grow as an acorn to become an oak.You do not build governments like a clap-boardhouse; you plant them like an oak. Plant a hundredthousand negro farmers and by their side a hundredthousand of white soldiers, and I will risk theSouth, Davis and all. (Applause.) When Williamthe Norman conquered England, in order to guaranteehis conquest, he divided the land among his nobles,and, practically, they hold it to-day. "I have conqueredthe South." Civilization may say, "and I'lldivide its territories among my nobles—the blacks andthe whites who have won it" (Applause.) And thenwe are safe. Instead of that, Andy Johnson, one ofthe ablest men in the nation, stands to-day in Nashville,—in sight of him is a man—one of five, a committeeto whom Jeff. Davis gave five million, of dollars(such as they are,) with orders to take that Stateout of the Union: and he did his best and failed.Now he lives there on his own plantation, with asmany of his slaves as he can keep, protected by Rosecrans,a contractor with the War Department to furnishtimber for our railroads, out of which he willmake sixty thousand dollars this year. How soonwill you bring back Tennessee at that rate? On thecontrary, let Governor Johnson send that man whereyou please, take his land and plant upon it fifty menwho know that their title deed is the Union, and youmay bring back Tennessee peaceably into this nationin twelve months. And you will never bring it otherwise.Every Union man at the South says, "Giveus the hated, hunted, all but hanged Unionists of theState—the power in this State, and we can safelycome back. Keep it from us, divide it between us andothers, and we must either be exiles or be hung."That is the practical common sense of the Unionistsof Tennessee and Louisiana. The Johnsons, the Fowlers,the Bowens, will give us a free Tennessee, themoment your allow them to have power free from theinterference of the Hardings, Coquerels and Chesshams. And such confiscation is no hard measurefor those men who, to perpetuate slavery, havebrought this bloody and terrible war on the nation.From two sources I know of plans of immediate emancipationin that State discussed, once by twenty slave-holders,and once by rather more, and in each casemore than seventeen of the group declared emphaticallyfor immediate emancipation without compensation.No doubt these cases are the exception, not therule; but this fact shows that the war has crested inthose States material fit for rebuilding them—educatedmen, who, properly aided, can and will being thenback safely to us, free States. Mr. Lincoln's proclamationsets that aside, and gives to the old slaveholders,under the new guise of landowners, the power isthe State. I need not theorize on this subject, thewhole plan has been tried. This experiment has been tried and found, in thePresident's phrase, "an anger that won't bore." In1834, the British government emancipated the slavesof Jamaica. They left them as apprentices in thehand of their old masters, then the landholders ismake for them all temporary arrangements, as Mr.Lincoln does now. "Temporary!" How long does themean—fifty years? (A foot in old times meant thelength of a king's foot.) A temporary arrangementsThat is the way the British left the slaves of JamaicaWhat was the consequence in two year?—(the apprenticeshipwas to last six.) In two years they hadbehaved like such tyrants that Sir Edward Sugden, aleader of the London bar, not an abolitionist, allowedthat a complete case was made out against Jamaicaand the Imperial Parliament interfered and bookswhat was called the "contract," and set the slavefree; and when it was done, Lord Brougham said, inthe House of Lords, "We need to keep a vigilant eyeon these colonies. He trusted that the Island legislatureswould not by a vagrant act, poor law bill, policeregulations or any other advices, attempt to perpetuateslavery under another name, or to revise underfalse pretences that slavery which under an officesname the law would not suffer to exist." In 1830, oneyear later, that Jamaica Legislature, as if in expressdefiance of Lord Brougham, had passed a vagrant act,a prison act, and petty debt act of which I will tellyou the contents. This is to show you how theytreated the blacks committed to their care, for "temporaryarrangements," as Mr. Lincoln proper iscommit our blacks. Previously to the emancipations,if a black man had planted a little patch, and a horsetrespassed upon it, he could carry it to the pound, andget one or two shillings or a crown damage. Thenew Legislature amended that act thus: He shallstill have the right, provided that when he gives thehorse into the keeping of the pound-keeper, he depositssome statement in writing what harm he hasdone. Hardly a Negro on the island could write. Thesecond set of acts was of this kind: they said to thenegro, "there is your shanty on my land; I willcharge you ten pounds a year; there is that coconuttree your father planted, but I will charge you twoshillings a month for that; pay me that rest, agree towork for me for nine pence a day for a year, withmany other conditions, all in writing which the negrocould n't read, and if you fail in one point, you forfeitall your wages, and my be imprisoned sixty days tohard labor." The negro refused and run. Two justicesassemble and find him in the read without ahome. If he owns no land, they label him as a vagrant,and the next justice takes him in hand and sentenceshim to six months' imprisonment to hard laborfor not owning a house, unless he'll work for whatthey please to call "usual" wages. When Melbourneheard of this, Parliament undertook to Supersedethe whole legislature of Jamaica, and brought isan act for that purpose, which, but for the interferenceof Sir Robert Peel, would have passed; he gavethem what he called locus penitentice, that is a placefor repentance; but they did not repent, for when Iwas in England, in 1841, I heard William Knibb say,with the applauding sanction of Buxton, Lushington,and O'Connell:— locus penitentice "Under the Petty Debt Act he is cast into jail forthis rent—ejected from his cottage; then, under thePolice Act, he is arrested on the highway as without ahome; then, under the Vagrant Act, sent to hard laboron the penal gang for sixty days. Of course, heavoids this by submitting to the white man's terms.This is a perfect contravention of the intent and purposeof the Imperial Act of Emancipation. In planEnglish, IT IS SLAVERY." highway In planEnglish LAVERY. I heard Lushington says:— "Lhe laws of Jamaica are again entangling thuswho have escaped from the trammels of slavery, ourtailing the free course of their industry, and subjectingthem to all the insults of oppression." "I feel that it is one of the first duties of Her Majesty'sGovernment to set aside one and all of those lawswhich have been framed, not as every law should be, forthe administration of impartial justice, for the protectionof peace of the preservation of the great handsof human society, but to arm the employer with themeans of exacting from the laborer his labor withoutjust reward, and strengthen the strength of the strongand weaken the weakness of the weak." I heard O'Connell say:— "Ordinances are vain as the idle wind so long asyou permit them to be administered by the master...Look at those laws which the Legislature of Jamaicahas passed. The blacks are free in point of law, yetyou have a slave code actually enacted under that unworthysuccessor of Sir Lionel Smith. I like to callthings by their right names. I say Sir Charles Metcalfis mischievous in his situation." slave code He called those laws a "swindle," and demandedThe immediate interference of the Home Government.And such is the testimony of all the writers on theWest Indies since 1834—even of those like Honeyand Sewel, who are not Abolitionists—that all thetrouble attending emancipation, and all the temporaryloss to the colonies, came from the attempt of theplanters to re-create by tricky legislation that slaverywhich England had abolished. Now, that was seven years after England had givenher blacks, technically free, into the keeping of slaveholdersturned into landowners, which is just what Lincolnproposes to do, And remember, the power of. Englandover Jamaica was absolute. The mother countryhad a veto on their laws, and could annihilate the whichJamaica Government, if she pleased. But once letthe States come back, and the Union cannot interestsin any of the local laws of such State. In such pointsthe power of the Union is just enough to render it obnoxious,without entitling it to either respect or obedience.We should stand and see the freedman, whenarm helped us to victory, robbed in our very sight ofall its reality. Mr. Lincoln is very prudent man,people say. Well, prudence is a very worthy virtueexcept when exercised at other people's expresses\(Laughter.) What I say is, the man who proposes togive up the fruits of this war for such a miserable shamas that, either does not understand his epoch, or is notequal to it. We have laid 250,000 of the noblest livesof the nation in the grave; we have mortgaged the industryof the future with the three thousand millions ofdollars. It is my compensation money to the slavemaster, and I for one demand a government which ansures substantial, common sense protection for themen whom the nation has freed. (Cheers.) I am tobe the fool of no legal terms, I am the slave of no lawyer'sprecedents. This nation has robbed four millionsof men and their ancestors for seventy yearsand we might have been contented once to haveclutched them homeless, poor and naked from thejaws of the lion; but we have ground that line topowder, and to the slave belongs some portion of theland he has redeemed from nature. What might havebeen a great favor in 1850, does not come up to slaveable terms now. In 1773, our fathers might have beensatisfied, at least conciliated, by a repeal of the teatax; but who dreams that, if after Bunker Hill andYorktown, England had asked what would satisfythem, they would have answered, "Pay us back themtea-tax and six per cent interest." The nation owesthe negro, after such a war, in which he has noblyprized, not technical freedom, but substantial protectionin all his rights. It should never admit Statesovereignty between if and the negro, until both byconstitutional guarantees and by natural laws it hasinsured him full, real liberty. I would have anamendment of the Constitution providing that "noState shall make any distinction among its citizens onaccount of race and color." Indeed, more than that.This nation owes to the negro not merely freedom; itowes him land, and it owes him education also. It is adebt which will disgrace us before the people if we donot pay it. It is the first longing of the negro. Hisinstincts are better than our laws. He knows whatland means. I met nine contrabands one in Boston,brought by a gunboat. One of them had come onehundred and twenty-five miles from the interior, andlaunched a little dug-out, in which he rowed thirty milesto reach Captain Couthoy, and when the Captain, lookingover the side of the gunboat, said, "Jack, don'tyou know a breath of wind would send you to thebottom?" "Lor, massa," said the negro, "God Almightynever brought me down here to send me tothe bottom." very sight  Those nine men I questioned, and said, "You wouldlike to work in Boston, would not you?" "No Massa;go back to the plantation." "Go back home for what?"They replied, "For a piece of land." They had neverseen liberty except standing on the pedestal of an acre.They knew what land meant. They knew that thedivision of ranks at the South was not as some fancywholly between white and black, but between the oligarchythat owned the State, and the people, whiteand black, ranged below. The negro had never heardof power except as associated with land, and the ConfiscationAct is the jewel of Congressional policy.Launch as on national laws and guard us by the Constitution.Give me 200,000 farmers owning their ownland, and give me 200,000 blacks with muskets in theirright hands, officered by men of their own color, andyou may go to sleep or make money. They Unionwill grow out of those conditions. But Mr. Lincoln'sproclamation gives me neither. It neither gives meroot nor branch, and I protest against it in advance.If that is the level of his mind, he cannot be trusted.That proclamation frees the slave, but ignores the neg roes;it disgraces the nation, and embroils our future,it cripples our resources, it doubles the chance of foreignintervention, it prolongs the struggle betweenSociety and Liberty thirty years. Mr. Lincoln isanti-slavery. He does not believe in a nation "beinghalf slave and half free"—but he is a Colonization,and does not believe in a nation half black andhalf white. Hence prejudice prevents his being fullyjust to the black race. How shall we pay the interestof there thousand millions of dollars, except that halfof the Union is re-constructed into industry? Giveme the negro on his own soil, contented, protected,left to the free use of his powers, and I will treble thecotton crop in two years. Why, this blundering governmentdoes not know what democracy really means.There is at Port Royal a man who has bought eightplantations for eight thousand dollars, and put machineryupon them costing $20,000. Every negro,old, young, man, woman, sick or well, that Gen. Hunterdid not want, this man set to work, so the Yankeehas superseded South Carolina, and to-day he has$140,000 worth of cotton. Spread Port Royals overthe South, and you will have peace in twelve months. The President's plan is no feasible, and ends inshame or defeat. Amnesty in Europe means the rebelallowed merely to live on the soil, without civilprivileges—often without property. Amnesty heremeans, practically, re-instating the rebel in his ballotand jury rights; it is, therefore, to be much more carefullyconsidered. If 10,000 voters bring back Tennesseeinto the Union, and hold all the power in their handsin defiance of their ninety thousand fellow citizens,then the State is not Republican; neither could that bedone but with the aid of our military force. Such aState differs nothing from Tennessee, held by forceunder our military Governor Johnson, except that itis a sham, and embarrasses rather helps useful change.If the ten thousand voters allow their ninety thousandfellows to share their power with them, the policy ofthe State will, practically, be that of the Confederacy.We cannot control it within the State, and their Representativesand Senators will checkmate us in Congress.Indeed, the only real effect of the plan is togive the negro back into his master's legislative control,and to furnish Jefferson Davis with sixty or ninetyrepresentatives in Congress. A Union so reconstructed,would be a machine sure not to work. Such peacewould be war in disguise. With it, how shall we defendourselves, or sustain our pecuniary credit? Republican I know criticise Mr. Lincoln freely. I accord himall his laurels; but the war is a terrible expense, it isa terrible trial. This nation ought never to have butone. I have no distrust while the war lasts. Cannonknow no tricks. It is the politicians who knowtricks. I want to keep the settlement among cannonand save it from Cabinets. And it is to be done byus. Next year, we shall launch into President-making.In that terrible storm of personal ambition, whoknown the road which leads to safety? Let me sayone word here, and then I will close. Mr. Lincolnhas one rival in that future whose head just now ishighest, and he belongs to the Treasury. (Applause.)Mr. Chase has great merits, he has done great serviceto the country, and I would like to have him staywhere he is—(laughter)—if it were only in fairness towait till the bank system prove a failure, if it were onlyto see fail that magnificent humbug of pouring thewhole bank capital of the nation into a tub without abottom. But if he must leave before, his schemes aretested, I want the people to remind him that on twogreat occasions, the virtue of his anti-slavery life wastested and proved base metal, and demand that he giveus some reason to hope that if it is tested a third time,it will prove better. There was an hour when Mr.Chase held the State of Ohio in his right hand. Breda demarcate, with the States' rights doctrine, he knewthe power that the State had a right to exert againstthe Union. In the custody of an Ohio sheriff was thenoblest woman, almost, that ever trod this continent,judged by her opportunity. Bred a slave, in darknessand rude toil, she had fled to Ohio, and when she sawthe slave-hunter descending on her cradle, she gaveher babe back to God to save it from bondage. Thesublimity of a mother's love; the noblest historic momentthat Ohio ever knew! Every man with a heartwould have leaped to shield her, and envied any offerthat sublime opportunity. She stood incarceratedby an Ohio sheriff, and Governor Chase knew sowell he rights, that—I had it from his own lips—hesaid to the sheriff, "I will put, and I have the right toput, every soldier of the State in front of that door beforethe United States Marshal shall touch MargaretGarner;" and after saying it, he travelled one hundredand twenty miles, and left the 'Sheriff to take theresponsibility—a responsibility the Governor darednot take, the Sheriff would not take, and she wentback to bondage. No South Carolina Governor, withan abolitionist in prison at Charleston, would have evergone up to Columbia. Another time, when the Statesthrew themselves at the feet of the President, and demandedthe removal of that man, your New Yorkstatesman, whose life is a greater danger to this nationin its struggle than that of President Davis to-day—when fourteen States asked his removal, betweenthe indignant States an the (I will not call him traitor, forthat is libellous, but I may call him) false pilot,Mr. Secretary Chase flung himself as a barrier, andsaved him. If he looms up for our President, sit upnights, give yourselves no rest, watch till you are sureno bondman lives beneath the banner. I never willrest until I see the men whose character this fiery warhas brought to the surface, and who show, under thatordeal, sense and courage as their qualities—I neverwill rest until they either lead the nation or watch forit— in other words, until Butler or Fremont mans theguns. (Great applause.) Until such men man theguns, or hold the helm, no man with justice to himself,to his children, to the negro and to the Union, cangive rest to his eyelids or silence to his lips. 

 MADAME CARTEAUX BANNISTER WOULD inform the public that she has removed from223 Washington Street, to No. 31 WINTER STREET, where she will attend to all diseases of the Hair. She is sure to cure in nine cases out of ten, as she hasfor many years made the hair her study, and is sure thereare none to excel her in producing a new growth of hair. Her Restorative differs from that of any one else, beingmade from the roots and herbs of the forest. She Champoos with a bark which does not grow in thiscountry, and which is highly beneficial to the hair beforeusing the Restorative, and will prevent the hair fromturning gray. She also has another for restoring grey hair to its naturalcolor is nearly all cases. She is not afraid to speak ofher Restorative in any part of the world, as they are usedin every city in the country. They are also packed for hercustomers to take to Europe with them, enough to last twoor three years, as they often say they can get nothingabroad like them. MADAME CARTEAUX BANNISTER. No. 21 Winter Street, Boston. 

 The Managers of the THIRTIETH NATIONAL ANTI-SLAVERYSUBSCRIPTION ANNIVERSARY hereby announceto its numerous friends and patrons, and to thefriends of liberty and emancipation universally, that itwill he held, as hitherto, in MUSIC HALL, Boston, onWednesday evening, January 27, 1864; and they confidentlyanticipate not only the same liberal patronageand thronged attendance that have hitherto been extendedto it, but a cheering increase of both, in viewof the wonderful change which has been wrought inpublic opinion, on the subject of slavery, since the rebellionbroke out, adverse to the longer continuance ofthat "sum of all villanies." HIRTIETH ATIONAL NTI LAVERY UBSCRIPTION NNIVERSARY USIC ALL The special object of this Anniversary has been,from year to year, to replenish the treasury of theAMERICAN ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, and thus enableit to keep in operation those potent instrumentalitieswhereby the public conscience has been aroused, thepublic understanding enlightened, and the public heartsoftened, in regard to the pitiable condition of the millionsof bondmen and bondwomen whose deliverance,though manifestly approaching, yet remains to be consummated.To that Society is the whole country mostdeeply indebted for its unfaltering, courageous and inflexibleopposition to slavery as a system, and to theslave power as inimical to every element of Democracyand Christianity, through a long period of years;and it is now widely and magnanimously concededthat, if its solemn warnings, powerful appeals, and propheticasseverations had been duly heeded, the presentawful tragedy of rebellion and civil war might havebeen averted, and the abolition of slavery securedwithout violence or blood.The American Anti Slavery Society has recentlycelebrated, at Philadelphia, its THIRD DECADE, or thirtiethanniversary since its formation. The occasionwas one of thrilling interest and stirring remembrance,—calling, in the retrospect of the past, for devoutthanksgiving to the God of the oppressed for whathad been effected by the power of His truth, and inspiringto new labors to secure the liberation of everyslave in the land. While the great concourse of "thetried and true," who were present, were made jubilantby all the signs of the times, and while they expressedthe confident hope that the monster Slavery had receivedits death-wound, through its treasonable revoltagainst the General Government, still, there was entireunanimity in the conviction that the Society shouldnot think, for one moment, of retiring from the conflictuntil liberty is "proclaimed throughout all the land,unto all the inhabitants thereof." MERICAN NTI LAVERY OCIETY Judge CONWAY, of Kansas, in a letter read on theoccasion, regretting his absence, said—"I recognize inthe American Anti-Slavery Society the primal agentin the regeneration of the American nation which isnow in progress. The ultimate triumph of liberty isassured. Thank God, the future is ours! But this assuranceshould in no wise inspire us with indifferenceto the progress of events. We must not suppose thatour part of the work is finished. The American Anti-SlaverySociety must not think of retiring from the fieldfor many a long day yet. The future is ours; but we mustdo the work necessary to perfect the results." ONWAY our The American Anti-SlaverySociety must not think of retiring from the fieldfor many a long day yet. On the same occasion, the Hon. HENRY WILSON, ofMassachusetts, in the course of an eloquent speech,said— ENRY ILSON "By years, by epochs alone, can we measure theprogressive advancement of a movement so grand andcomprehensive as the anti-slavery movement in America.What mighty changes have been wrought in thecondition of the anti-slavery cause in the United Statessince the American Anti-Slavery Society was organized by representatives of ten States in 18! Thena few unknown and nameless men were its apostles;now the most accomplished intellects in America areits champions. Then a few proscribed and huntedfollowers rallied around its banners; now it has laidits grasp upon the conscience of the nation, and millionsrally around the folds of its flag. Then not astatesman in America accepted its doctrines or advocatedits measures; now it controls more than twentyStates, has a majority in both houses of Congress,and the Chief Magistrate of the republic decrees theemancipation of three millions of men. Then everyfree State was against it; now Western Virginia,Delaware, Maryland and Missouri pronounce for theemancipation of their bondmen. Then the publicpress covered it with ridicule and contempt; now themoot powerful journals in America are its organs,scattering its truths broadcast over all the land. Thenthe religions, benevolent and literary institutions ofthe land rebuked its doctrines and proscribed its advocates;now it shapes, moulds and fashions them at itspleasure. Then political organizations trampled disdainfullyupon it; now it looks down in the pride ofconscious power upon the wrecked political fragmentsthat float at its feet. Then it was impotent and powerless;now it holds public men and political organizationsin the hollow of its hand. Then the publicvoice sneered at and defied it; now it is master ofAmerica, and has only to be true to itself to bury slaveryso deep that the hand of no returning despotismcan reach it.  "Nevertheless, I say to you, and to the anti-slaverymen of the United States, who have rejected thesubtle policy of concession and compromise, who haverepudiated the guilty delusion that the sin of slaverybelongs to past generations and repentance to posterity,who have perpetually sounded into the ear ofthe nation the sin of oppression and the duty of repentance,go not home with the conviction that yourwork is done, but go home cheered by the assurancethat the battle is going on for you; that you havestormed battery after battery, carried position afterposition; that you have only to be as true in the futureas you have been in the past, to secure a permanentand enduring triumph. If the nation had acceptedyour doctrine of peaceful, legal. Christian action,this bloody war would never have come uponus. The crimes of two centuries have brought thisterrible war upon us; but if this generation, uponwhom God has laid His chastisements, will yet betrue to liberty and humanity, peace will return againto bless this land, now rent and torn by civil strife.Then we shall heal the wounds of war, enlighten thedark intellect of the emancipated bondman, and makeour country the model Republic to which the Christianworld shall turn with respect and admiration." When such are the convictions and assurances ofdistinguished public men, not connected with theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society, in regard to the valueand magnitude of the work it has accomplished, andthe further need and importance of the Society in perfectingwhat remains so be done, surely it is no timeto think of disbanding, or of cherishing the pleasing illusionthat the victory is won, and therefore we maysafely trust to events to shape our national destiny. Ever since the rebellion broke out, this Society hasbeen thoroughly in earnest in sustaining the Government,and all those measures of emancipation whichPresident Lincoln and Congress have deemed it necessaryto adopt to suppress the rebellion, and to giveunity and stability to republican ideas, institutions andinterests, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and fromthe Lakes to the Gulf. The Managers of the SUBSCRIPTION ANNIVERSARY,therefore, feel that they may properly call upon allloyal men and women as well as upon all those who"reject with indignation the wild and guilty phantasythat man can hold property in man," in every part ofthe land, to contribute liberally to its funds on this occasion,and, as far as practicable, to be present at itscommemoration at the place and time designated.Where personal attendance is impracticable or inconvenient,donations may be sent to either of the undersigned,or to William I. Bowditch, Esq., 18 RailroadExchange. These will be gratefully received, dulyacknowledged, and faithfully expended. UBSCRIPTION NNIVERSARY Mary May, Mary May Ludia D. Parker, Ludia D. Parker Louisa Loring, Louisa Loring Henrietta Sargent, Henrietta Sargent Sarah Russell May, Sarah Russell May Helen E. Garrison, Helen E. Garrison Anna Shaw Greene, Anna Shaw Greene Sarah Blake Shaw, Sarah Blake Shaw Caroline E. Thayer, Caroline E. Thayer Mattie Griffith, Mattie Griffith Mary Jackson, Mary Jackson Evelina A. Smith, Evelina A. Smith Caroline M. Severance, Caroline M. Severance Elizabeth Gay, Elizabeth Gay Ann Rebocon Bramhall, Ann Rebocon Bramhall Sarah H. Southwick, Sarah H. Southwick Caroline E. Putnam, Caroline E. Putnam Mary Willey, Mary Willey Abbey H. Stephenson, Abbey H. Stephenson Sarah J. Nowell, Sarah J. Nowell Elizabeth V Arnim, Elizabeth V Arnim  Eliza Apthorp, Eliza Apthorp Sarah Cowing, Sarah Cowing Abby Kelley Foster, Abby Kelley Foster Mary E. Stearas, Mary E. Stearas Mary Elizabeth Sargent, Mary Elizabeth Sargent Sarah C. Atkinson, Sarah C. Atkinson Abby Francis, Abby Francis Georgina Otis, Georgina Otis Katherine Earle Farnum. Katherine Earle Farnum. 

 WRITTEN FOR THE FAIR IN BEHALF OF THE SANITARY COMMISSION, Hold in Boston, Dec. 14, 1863. [The following fine poem was written by Mrs. C.A. Masonof Fitchburg, and sent to the Rev. William P. Tilden,as a contribution to the Sanitary Fair. It has been beautifullyprinted in quarto form on tinted paper, in large,clear type, and is worthy of preservation as a souvenir ofthe Fair.]—Boston Transcript. Boston Transcript. "COME TO THE RESCUE!" The cry went forthThrough the length and breadth of the loyal North;For the gun that startled Sumter heard,Wakened the land with its fiery word!The farmer paused, with his work half done,And snatched from the nail his rusty gun;And the swart mechanic wiped his brow,Shouting, "There's work for my strong arm now!"And the person doffed his gown and said,"Bring me my right-good sword instead";And buckled his belt on with the rest;And each and all to the rescue went,As unto a royal Tournament;For the loyal blood of a nation stirredTo the gun that startled Sumter heard! OME TO THE RESCUE               "Come to the rescue!" Again that cry,Burdening the breeze as it passes by;"Come to the rescue! Our brave men fall,Wounded and slain by the foeman's ball."    Lying in hospitals sick and faint,Who shall answer their low complaint?Dying in strange and desolate places,Pining for home and home's sweet faces,Faint for a drink from the dear old well,Longing to taste of the fruit that fellAll the autumn, so ripe and sweet,Over the orchard-wall into the street,Murmuring, "Oh, that one would comeWith even the scanty crumbs of home,The crumbs from my father's board that fell,To cheer, and hearten, and make me well!"            Who shall answer this mournful cry?WHO shall answer it? You and I!OURS are the hands that to them shall bringThe healing draught from the dear old spring,And the golden fruit that all the FallRipened and swung on the garden wall;WE on their gaping wounds will pourOur oil, and our wine shall glad them moreThan ever a vintage cheered before.  HO  URS     E   Come, then, come to the Soldiers' Fair!Here is work for us all to share.Little children and stern-browed men,Veterans of threescore years and ten,Gentle woman and maiden gayGathered from peaceful homes away,Lend us year pitying aid to-day!Help us to answer with open handThe cry deep-surging through the land:Remembering how the dear Lord spoke,Who once to famishing thousands brokeThe scanty leaves till they all were fed—"Who helps my suffering ones," he said,"Hath done it unto Me instead:Rich and large shall your guerdon be;OH, FRIENDS, YE HAVE DONE IT UNTO ME!"                H, FRIENDS, YE HAVE DONE IT UNTO E 

 The effort now making to amend the Constitution,proceeds from motives which are respected, butindicates how far the people of the North have degeneratedfrom the independence of their sires. OurKing George is the Constitution, which we lack thecourage to confront. Ask those who favor the amendmentto abolish and prohibit slavery, how they proposeto regard the compromises, and they must tellyou, either as rubbish or as vital obligations. If theformer, what need to stop now, amid the destructionof slavery, to effect a partial revision of the Constitution,which is hereafter to be thoroughly remodelled?If the latter, then it is manifest that we are afraid topronounce the compromises deceased three years ago.And as these can be valid, if valid at all, only for the,loyal slaveholders of the Border States, it follows thatwe are slaves at this hour to the rule of less than sixtythousand men,—a handful which, concentrated uponthe battle-field, or within a fortified city likeCharleston, we should sweep out of existence withoutremorse, in order to recover for the national authoritya few acres of rebellious soil. For the sake of such loyal and well-meaning mindsas are still bound by the fetters of the Constitution,the following views are presented of our situation inregard to that instrument, and of the powers whichwe may employ in behalf of universal emancipation. I. "The Union as it was" having perished at thehands of slavery, a party to the contract of '87, theConstitution, which was but the record of that contract,perished at the same time; and to-day we areeither sailing without a written charter, or for conveniencewe retain as many of the old forms as are subservientto our interests. In this view of the postureof affairs, there is nothing in the Constitution butwhat we choose to keep or to place there; and it iseither no obstacle to our action against slavery, or weant morally culpable for making it so. II. There used to be some who contended that slaveryfound no foothold in the Constitution, because theword slave was nowhere expressed; and others whoadmitted the design of the framers to give security tothe system, in the clauses familiarly known as thecompromises, but who claimed a right to avail themselvesof the letter of the text in opposition to itsspirit, and to turn the decorous language adoptedthrough shame to the defeat of the odious purposewhich it concealed. Those who still entertain theseopinions, have no excuse for opposition to a generalemancipation act on the part of Congress. III. The rebellion of slavery, which was designedto destroy every vestige of the Constitution, may beconsidered simply to have purged it of all complicitywith the system. In that case, we have a charteramended by Jefferson Davis & Co., who withdrewfrom the protection it afforded to slavery, in order todefend the sum of ail villanies with cannon and bayonet.Then we are not only empowered to proceedagainst slavery, but to fail to do so is to disregard theplainest injunctions of the Constitution, viz. (amongothers) the clause which directs the United States toguarantee each State a Republican form of government.Inaction, as well as action in support of slavery,becomes unconstitutional. IV. Grant, however, that the compromises remainin full force for that portion slavery of which has notrebelled. Then, 1. We are no more obliged to respect them than weare many other clauses of the same instrument, towit: the clause just quoted, which the President isapplying to the seceded States in process of return tothe Union, and which, by the same logic, he ought toapply to every anti-republican State in the Union;the clause which secures to the citizens of each Statethe privileges and immunities of citizens in the severalStates; the clause which ensures freedom ofspeech and of the press; that which instructs Congressto provide for the general welfare, &c., &c. Ifhere arises a conflict of duties, we certainly have theright to choose between them, and if our choice involvesthe overthrow of slavery, we cannot be chargedwith unconstitutional procedure. 2. But were we never so faithful in maintaining thecompromises, this would not be to stand by the Constitution.For our adherence to those criminal bargainsin the past has been the cause of the presentdeadly assault upon that instrument, and the erectionof a rival which has challenged the allegiance of onehalf the continent. 3. Even though, because slavery still lives in theConstitution, freedom is utterly banished from it orstifled, still the War Power—the right of the nationto defend itself from commotion or destruction—isleft us, to be employed as necessity shall dictate.And the same logic which justified its use in the secededStates, would have sustained the President inextending his Proclamation of Freedom to the BorderSlave States as well. What he left undone, may yetbe done by the Executive alone, or in conjunctionwith Congress. It is never too late to mend. ThePresident acts wisely in reminding us, that the WarPower is constitutional, that it is an invaluable instrumentality,and that he does not mean to relinquish it. V. Yet if we were beset and hampered in everyway, and there appeared no issue from the tolls ofthe Constitution, we possess the same right that wasinherent in our fathers, to form a new governmentwhenever the old has failed to secure the ends forwhich it was framed. Read the preamble to the Constitution.You find there the justification of the establishmentwhich follows, and also its condemnationwhenever a breach is opened between the preambleand the text. The welfare of the people is ever thehighest law. If the Constitution of a previous centuryis destructive of that welfare, we have the revolutionaryright to return to first principles. Wemight redeem our character from the imputation ofcowardice and servility, if we did but acknowledge,what the election of Abraham Lincoln proves to havebeen a fact, that the rebellion of the South was merelya counter to the revolution at the North in oppositionto slavery.—W.P.G. 

 BY H.W. LONGFELLOW. Come, let us plant the apple-tree!Cleave the tough greensward with the spade;Wide let its hollow bed be made;There gently lay the roots, and thereSift the dark mould with kindly care,And press it o'er them tenderly,As, round the sleeping infant's feet,We softly fold the cradle-sheet:So plant we the apple-tree.         What plant we in the apple-tree?Buds, which the breath of summer daysShall lengthen into leafy sprays;Boughs, where the thrush with crimson breastShall haunt, and sing, and hide her nest.We plant upon the sunny leaA shadow for the noontide hour,A shelter from the summer shower,When we plant the apple-tree.         What plant we in the apple-tree?Sweets for a hundred flowery springs,To load the May-wind's restless wings,When, from the orchard-row, he poursIts fragrances through our open doors;A world of blossoms for the bee;Flowers for the sick girl's silent room;For the glad infant sprigs of bloom,We plant with the apple-tree.         What plant we in the apple-tree?Fruits that shall swell in sunny June,And redden in the August noon,And drop, as gentle airs come byThat fan the blue September sky;While children, wild with noisy glee,Shall scent their fragrance as they pass,And search for them the tufted grassAt the foot of the apple-tree.         And when above this apple-treeThe winter stars are quivering bright,And winds go howling through the night,Girls, whose young eyes o'erflow with mirth,Shall peel its fruit by cottage hearth,And guests in prouder homes shall see,Heaped with the orange and the grape,As fair as they in tint and shape,The fruit of the apple-tree.         The fruitage of this apple-treeWinds and our flag of stripe and starShall bear to coasts that lie afar.Where man shall wonder at the view,And ask in what fair groves they grew;And they who roam beyond the seaShall look, and think of childhood's day,And long hours passed in summer playIn the shade of the apple-tree.         Each year shall give this apple-treeA broader flush of roseate bloom,A deeper maze of verdurous gloom,And loosen, when the frost-clouds lower,The crisp brown leaves in thicker shower;The years shall come and pass, but weShall hear no longer, where we lie,The summer's songs, the autumn's sigh,In the boughs of the apple-tree.         And time shall waste this apple-tree.Oh, when its aged branches throwThin shadows on the sward below,Shall fraud and force and iron willOppress the weak and helpless still?What shall the tasks of mercy be,Amid the toils, the strifes, the tearsOf those who live when length of yearsIs wasting this apple-tree?         "Who planted this old apple-tree?"The children of that distant dayThus to some aged man shall say;And, gazing on its mossy stem,The gray-haired man shall answer them"A post of the land was he,Born in the rude, but good old times;'T is said he made some quaint old rhymes,On planting the apple-tree."         Atlantic Monthly for January. Atlantic Monthly for January. 

 ☞We trust our readers will feel fully compensatedfor the omission this week of the continued reportof the Decade Meeting, by the speech of Mr.Phillips which takes its place. It is in vain for the AlbanyJournal to seek to classify Mr. Phillips and theAbolitionists together with the Copperheads. Theformer are the mortal adversaries of the latter, as isproved by the admission of the Journal, that thoughtheir criticisms have a similar direction, the motiveswhich prompted them are as antagonistic as slaveryand freedom. Journal Journal 

 O spirit, freed from earth,Rejoice! thy work is done!The weary world's beneath thy fact,Then brighter than the sun.Around! thou art not nowWith those of mortal birth;The living God hath touched thy lips,Thou who hast done with earth!        

 ☞We begin with this number, the Thirty-fourthvolume of the Liberator, and, in wishing our readersone and all a Happy New Year, take this opportunityto thank them for that generous support, during thetwelvemonth just elapsed, by which we have beenenabled to sustain this sheet, and to prosecute yetlonger the cause of universal emancipation. May thepresent year witness the consummation of our laborsand our hopes! Liberator 

 BY MRS. EMILY C. PEARSON,Author of "Cousin Frank's Household." Author of "Cousin Frank's Household." A NIGHT OF TERROR. Dilly busied herself playing "bo-peep" with herbaby for the first hour after Hinna left, to keep hertears from flowing too freely. Brave little heart! sheoft smiled through them, and brushed them away. It is true, Bruno was there, but being in afflictionbecause he was left behind, he was poor company.He sat in the corner by the fire-place, with droopingears of sorrow, and occasionally as he ruminated onthe subject, a slight frown of indignation seemed torest on his countenance. "Why, dovey, darlin', you are asleep," softly saidDilly, as with a gently swaying motion she put herbaby on the bed. She always called her Dovey, andthat came to be its name. So laying the birdie down,the began to look around for other amusement. Therewere the flowers of yesterday to be arranged in boquetsand wreaths—they were still bright and fresh.Besides, Dilly was ambitious to finish a bright-huedmat before Hinna returned; to the budged about herhouse-keeping to get time. There was the dusting tobe done, yet the fire was to be kept up, and the dinnerprepared: altogether, business sufficient to divertthe child house-keeper. She took especial pains with the arranging of herdinner on the table—Hinna, always thoughtful, havingcooked it for her previously. "I'm gwine to play company to dinner, Bruno, andyou are the invited guest. I'm gwine to treat youlike folks, and see if I can't coax a smile; and if youdon't prick up your ears, and put by that naughtyfrown, I shan't let you go to walk with me, or if I do,you won't catch me loading your neck with flowers—no indeed! "There, Bruno, dinner's all ready; an' now come,let's set down. Here's a chair for you. Won't come?gwine to sit there in the corner? Well, then, here's aplate of chicken—the lion's share; can't you smile forthat, Bruno? sitting up there in the corner grave as ajudge! There, you do really smile, your eye is brightand full, and you're wagging your tall. Thoughtyou'd come to. "Isn't that good, Bruno?" said she, as he gulpedcanine fashion. "I know 'tis. You're eating as ifyou enjoyed it. I thought you'd brighten up. Bruno,you know you're all the company I've got whenDove it asleep, and I want you to be as agreeable asyou can." But Bruno swallowed down the chicken,and looked up for more. "I'm glad you've got a good appetite. Here, Bruno,here's a nice slice of bread and butter, and here'sa piece of cake. "What I'm gwine to do to-night, Bruno, I can'ttell, but you'll be the brave watch and look out,won't you? And you won't let any wicked robberscome an' tote Dove an' me off, will you? You shallhave all the bloody meat you want for tea, to makeyou strong, 'cause Dove and I want to sleep sound,and you must take good care of us." Then, as shefinished her dinner, she brought the dog part of hermince pie, saying, "Didn't I tell yon I'd treat youlike folks, if you was good?" Dove awoke just the right time, when the child-motherhad cleared away, and what with prattling toit, and Bruno, the afternoon passed, and night came.Night the little Dilly dreaded like any other timorouschild. At bed-time she had family prayers—good littleChristian; then going to bed with Dove in herarms, sweetly slept till morning. Dilly opened hereyes, and found Dove gazing in her face with quietbaby wonder. "Ah, darling Dove, God's kept us, and we are safe!and your little bright eyes are peeping for mine toopen. You precious Dove! here's fifty kisses;Dovey, I'm gwine to tend you awhile, an' then I mustget up an' get my breakfast"—and she went on caroling,prattling, and chirping to the babe at her breast,little bird-mother that she was. Dilly hadn't the heart to keep Bruno abut up; soafter breakfast she opened the door, saying, "Come,Bruno, you may sun yourself on tile door-step." House-keeping and doll-tending kept her busy thisday also, as she occasionally ran out to chat with Bruno,and stroke his lion-like head. "Lonely, is you,Bruno? Well, never mind, you shall go with marmHinna, next time. I'm not afeered, I slept beautifullylast night, and I'm gwine to to-night!" and in sheran to braid on her mat, and see if Dove still slept. Dilly, tender, sympathetic Dilly, would n't hurt thefeelings of a dog, especially one she loved as she didBruno. And the more she thought of it, the moreshe became persuaded that it would be a good plan tosend him to Hinna; at least, she thought it would befor his happiness. "Poor fellow! he has n't beenhimself since the went away! He's grieving, I makesure. I have n't the heart to keep him. I'll give hima good hearty dinner, and fit him off." "Bruno!" called out Dilly, as he finished his mealof fresh meat and bread and butter, "good fellow!good fellow! Bruno, go to Hinna—go to Hinna.Watch Hinna!" The dog's whole expression changed,and with full eye looking up in her face, as if hesaid,— Watch Hinna! "Do you really mean so?" "Yes, Bruno, go to Hinna! Watch Hinna!" stillmore earnestly said Dilly. And the dog, licking herhand and giving her a look almost human in its intelligence,started slowly off. Dilly went into the houseand watched him from the window. Scarcely was helost to view when she began to regret that she hadsent him; for after she excitement of getting him off,a sense of her loneliness came over her. And by themiddle of the afternoon the had fastened the doors,and drawing her little rocking chair near the fire,tried to go on with her mat. She could not braid,however, she was too restless. Then Dove awoke,and absolutely cried, for a wonder. Dilly was afraidto have her cry, almost, and bore her in her arms, andwhispered, "hush-a-by baby—hush-a-by baby," tootmdll to sing. Watch Hinna! This was baby-tending in earnest, and how poor littleDilly wished Hinna was there! A long time passedbefore she had stilled dove by heating her feetand nursing her, when there was a knock at the door.Dilly kept still, and then another knock. "It's on'yJob! don't be afeered of me! I reckoned you'd belonely like," added he, as Dilly let him in, "an'Hinna told me to keep a look-out for you. I'll bringyou a pail of water from the spring, an' split up somekindlin' wood." I have never seen it accounted for, why certain oldladies of both sexes are fascinated with telling frightfulstories to young folks just when they ought not to,just when they will affect them moat disastrously.But so it is. Dilly was glad to see anybody she could call afriend, while Job was as glad of an opportunity to sitawhile by the comfortable fire, and chat. He wasquite a talker, and being now nearly superannuated,was disposed to welcome an interval of rest all themore. His darkened mind was filled with wild superstitionswhich he strangely loved to repeat. "Whar's Bruno?" asked Job, looking about—"thought he was ter hum?" "O, Bruno? he's gone to find Hinna," said Dilly. "'Pears like you'd be lonesome widout him. But Inebber like de dogs, since my little Susy died, goodmany years ago." "Don't like dogs! Why not?" said Dilly, openingher eyes with wonder. "Why, dey howl, howl so, when anybody's gwineto die. I knowed something's gwine ter happen whenone night jest 'fore I got inter bed, massa William'sdog came, an' sat right under de winder, an' howl,howl tree times; an' little Susy she fell sick an' died!an' I knew 't would be so when dat ur dog howl!" "Oh!" said the susceptible Dilly, "Bruno howledthe other night. "Sorry to hear dat! somethin's gwine to happenwid ye—'pend 'pon it; 'praps de baby dare's gwineto die; 'praps Hinna's nebber comin' back; 'praps derobber's comin' to break inter de house—don't know,"and he ominously shook his head. "I nebber likes tohear noises in de night; dat's de time dat de warnin'sgiven 'parently. I aluz listen, listen, 'fore I git tosleep, an' if dere's gwine to be a death, de noise 'llcome. One night, suffin' come crush agin the house,an' gib a groan', an' fore de summer was out, Jo hefall from de hoss, an' break his neck." dat! "What do you think it was?" asked Dilly, "thatgive the warnin'?" "Dun' know; dat's what nobody knows, 'parently;'praps 't was a dog—'praps 't was-'t was a ghost.'Pears like all de dumb beasts know more'n we do'bout de ghosts. You know de good book say, debeast dat Balaam rid saw de angel fust, an' dey can'ttalk an' tell us all dey see, but dey gib de warnin','pend 'pon it. "Now dere's de time when de hosses act so!Nebber shall forget it. Ye see I had de care of destable, an' one night I was jest reposing myself tosleep, all was still as a mouse, not a critter stirrin',when all to onct I heered a right smart noise oat to debarn,—te pang! te pang! te pang! Sez I to myself,what's got inter them are hosses that they is to agitated!I'm bound ter see. So what's I do, though 'twastwelve o'clock, but clap on my duds, an' light the lantern,an' go see what made de hosses dat skeery, datdey break dere halters, an' gallop round de barn so.But when I done got there, what's my s'prise ter findebery hoof layin' down, an' fast asleep! I tells yedat are recurrence made my hair stand up! ButI'll git de wood now," and Job went out for thatpurpose. He was none of the swiftest of mortals.What with his story telling and wood cutting, the afternoonhad slipped away till the sun was low in thesky. As he deposited his last armful on the hearth,hesal d,— te pang! te pang! te pang! "'Pears like I hatter go; don't be 'feard, Hinna 'llbe back right smart soon. I'd stay wid ye longer if Icould, but massa he say, 'Come back 'fore night, Job,'an' I nebber likes ter trabble up dat lane from de riverin de dark. De ghosts come dar mighty early,'parently, de trees make it so dark. 'Praps you neberheered 'bout de time massa saunt me to dat laneon a errant to massa Jones?" "No," said Dilly. "Did you see the ghosts there?" "Well, I's gwine to tell yer. I rid Pelham to savetime, an' when I got dere, I got talkin' wid some ofmy frien's as we sot around de fire. 'Twas mightychilly, an' dey would make me stay an' take a biteof ash-pone dey was bakin'. Dat are ash-pone, 'twassublime! We got talkin' 'bout the haunted lane,whar so many horses gits agitated an' runs away; an'Sam Snow he dared me to go back dat way, an' hedared me to look between Pelham's ears in de lane:dat's de way to see a ghost,' praps you know! Wall,though I knowed 'twas mighty dang'rous, I wantgwine to be a coward afore dem all; so what's I dobut take him up, though being at he had n't got nothin'to bet, he did n't bet nothin'. 'T want long aforeI come to the lane. I never seed sich a place aforenor since. It was mighty woodsy, an' yit de moon orsuffin or urrer, I could n't tell jestly what, 'twas all teronct, made it jest as light as day. I started, and wishedI was somewhere else, but dere want no udderway. I'd got to go through with what I'd undertook.Wall, I rid along, an' rid along, an' there was nothin'to be seen but that light, right in de path; all 'round'twas darker 'n night. 'T was jest as still as degrave-yard, an' I thought, may be I'd get hum safe,and pretty soon. I jest looked about a little, an' dere,'long side my hoss, was a great big dog, rackin' pit-te-pat!pit-te-pat! Never heerd of sech a thing! Neverseed a dog rack afore! On'y you to think on't, adog pacin' like a hoss! I shall 'member that to mydyin day!—pit-to-pat! pit-te-pat! went dat dog; andPelham he prick up his ears, an' sidled 'long, till Ithought he'd go through de hedge. But de dog wentaway—I don't know whar! An' den I thought maybe the ghosts won't trouble me no more; and I startedup Pelham, to git hum rapid, when right quick I seedtree men, an' not one of 'em had any head on! An'dey walked on jest a little ahead of de hoss, to oneside like; dey did n't stop, nor speak, but kept gwine,gwine; dey didn't make no noise wid dare feet, an'dey kept jest so fur from de hoss, whether he wentfast or slow, gwine right 'long widout heads, jest desame as if dey had 'em! Pelham was dat skeered: hetremble, tremble, an' shyed, but dey did n't stop, norgo 'way, but kept 'long jest de same like dey was'tending dere own funerals, an' I felt mighty like as ifI was tendin' mine! I could n't speak; de words dieright out, an' my blood creep, creep; but at last Icome to de end of de lane, an' de tree men went awayjest at de fog goes off in de mornin'; it's dar one minute,an' gone de next!" pat! pat! pat! pat! Miserable company had Job proved! Dilly, withwide-eyed wonder, had devoured every marvellousword with no means of self-defence. And there withthe western sky still aglow with golden rays, theshivered at if the damps of the night air had chilledher through, or glanced furtively about, as if expectingto see a headless ghost stalk in at the open door.But it was the manner, perhaps, more than the matter,that wrought on her plastic mind. Old Job believedwhat he said. Every line of his wrinkled yetmobile face reflected his sincerity; his tones, also,impressed it, for like his race when excited, his storieswhich to him had an awful meaning, were set off bythe sympathetic coöperation of all the outer and innerman; hands, feet, eyes, bodily contortions, grimaces,all taking apt part in the recital, as easily sweepingthe little, unreasoning, excitable listener into thestrong current of his convictions, as the freshet takesalong a stray leaf. Dilly watched old Job till he got to his boat, thenquickly shut and fastened the door. She was morethan ever in a frightened mood, which was not soothedas twilight fell, and evening came on. The windowlooked out upon the river, and was furnishedwith an oaken shutter, that Dilly, by way of precaution,had closed the evening previous. Now she feltsafe to leave it unclosed, that she might see the lightthat glimmered faintly from the nearest planter'shouse. All else, as far as the eye could penetrate,gave no tokens of neighborly residence. It was indeeda lonely spot that the cottage occupied, and, savethat one light, so far away as scarcely to be distinguished,there was nothing but blank, dreary desolation,all wearing a gloomier aspect than was wont toDilly. The moon climbing through the stragglingclouds, the sighing of the wind through the branches,the ripple of the river, the hooting of the owl in thedeep woods, all seemed to partake of the unearthly,till at length the view was too painful, and Dillythrew herself upon the bed that she might not see theouter ghostly night scenery. But little rest did shefind there. Her weird fancy once aroused held away,and her brain teemed with processions of frightfulforms. Her head became hot and feverish front excitementand fear. one Poor heart! while cowering, before the phantom terrors,she was unconscious of her real danger. It wasnot the spirits of the other world that such as sheshould dread, so much as vile wretches that dishonorthis. After hours of suspense she fell into a drowse, fromwhich she was awakened by she knew not what. Aflickering name shot up from the expiring embersand as she opened her eyes, she saw a face looking inat her through the window. At first the thought shedreamed, but in an instant the Illusion was dispelled.That face, with its shaggy red beard, and evil eyessharply revealed by the glare of the hearth fire!—Dilly sprang to her fest, and quickly draw the shutterand fastened it. The movement was so sudden thatthe intruder, taken by surprise, had no time to preventit, and in a moment Dilly listening breathlessly,heard him move off; then there was the hum of voicesin consultation, then by the sound she heard themgoing round the corner of the house, and in a momentmore the back door was tried. She had been unnervedby the mysterious, but now she was roused byknown peril; and breathing a prayer for calmness andstrength, she said,— "Who's there?" There was no answer, but the door was shakenviolently. "Who's there, I say?" "Open the door, and we won't kill yer," said agruff voice with fearful oaths, "but if you don't openit ter onct, we 'll cut yer throat for yer!" The voice seemed to take her very life from her;but at the door rattled, the emergency revived hercourage again, and she replied, in firm tones,— "May be you won't find it so easy killing us all!"stepping as she soke into Hinna's boots, and trampinground with a mescaline step. It was a child'sstratagem, but it gained her time, for again there wasa consultation outside, followed by an interval of silence,then by a mocking laugh, showing that her deceitwas discovered; and some one flung himself soheavily against the door as to start it from its hinges.The sound woke Dove, and its cry woke the mother'sinstinct in Dilly's heart, and, forgetting all fear,she climbed into a chair, took down Hinna's rifle,ready loaded and capped, and resting it across the topof a chair, as the assailant rushed against the door asecond time, she fired. An awful stillness ensued, unbrokeneven by Dove, for, half-stunned by the report,the babe lay perfectly quiet. Then there was a groan,and the confused shuffling of feet, growing fainter andfainter in the distance, as if something heavy wasbeing borne away. Dilly burst into tears of joy ather deliverance, and soon partially recovering fromthe excitement, crept weak and trembling into bedbeside her babe, and, strange to say, ere long fellasleep. Morning was just breaking when she startedup as if a thunder-clap had awakened her—the assailantswere again at the door, and would now enter.Taking Dove in her arms, she raised the trap-doorcarefully so as not to disturb the mat that concealed,it, and descended to the cellar. The heavy trampingoverhead, and the fierce oaths as the house-breakerssearched for her in the bed and under it, up the widechimney, behind the wooden settee, peering into everynook and corner, tarrying only to plunder whateverof value came in their way, was painfully distinct.Would her hiding-place be found? She dared notthink of what awaited her in such an event, but shudderinglyclasped her babe to her breast, ad she crouchedin the corner. The search was unsuccessful, fornone seemed to suspect the innocent looking mat thatthey trod upon, until at length a heavy foot stumbledagainst it, and the trap-door was disclosed.  "Ha! what's this?" said a rough voice, "here'sthe place, arter all—I've kotched the bird now!" andhe raised the door, and looked into the darkness below."Jest pass a light, an' we 'll dig her out 'foreshe knows it!" A wild shouting, the baying of a dog mingled withthose terrible words, the door through which that horridface peered seemed going round and round, andDilly knew no more. When she recovered, she was on her couch again,while Bruno sat licking her hand as it hung listlesslyover the bedside, and old Job was bathing her browwith water from the spring. "Where—where am I? what's happened!" saidshe, coming to consciousness. "Bress de Fader! you's here, and you's safe fromde kidnappers, an' Bruno's here, an' Hinna 'll be backright smart quick. Don't be feered; honey, old Job 'lltake care on ye till Hinna gits hum!" Dilly's rescue was due equally to the old black,and to the sagacious creature that now looked up inher face so affectionately. Job's superstitions were for once of service, thoughthe result tended rather to confirm him in them.What Dilly dropped about Bruno's howling hadweighed heavy on his mind, and increased his sympathiesfor her in her loneliness, so that he could notsleep. "What's the matter, Job?" his wife would say, asoften as he turned restlessly in bed. "Somethin's gwine to happen, 'pend 'pon it, Arabella,"he, would answer. "I has a persuadementsomethin's gwine to happen!" And at daybreak theold man, unable longer to keep away, went over theriver to see if all was right with Dilly. Meanwhile, Bruno accompanying Hinna on her return,scouring the country in advance, had struck ona suspicious trail, and following it with nose to theground and tail erect, was dashing towards the cottageas Job landed. The old negro had a horror ofhobgoblins, but was brave in the encounter withmortal foes; and catching sight of the dog, knowingsomething was to pay, charged after with yells thatwould have done honor to a tribe of Seminoles, strikingpanic to the enemy, who, flying to their boat whichon their last attack they had drawn nearer the house,made good their escape. 

 ☞The Emancipation Proclamation of January1st, 1863, will he celebrated this day by the coloredcitizens of Boston, in the Tremont Temple, forenoon,afternoon and evening. Eloquent and able speakershave been invited to address the meetings, of whommany will doubtless avail themselves of the privilege. 

 WOMEN'S NATIONAL LEAGUE, Room 20 CooperInstitute, New York, Dec. 18, 1863. OMEN'S ATIONAL EAGUE DEAR GARRISON,—I was sorry to hear that, at theDecade meeting in Philadelphia, you passed a resolution to petition Congress to amend the Constitution.I hope, on consideration, you will see the bad policyof all specific petitioning,—either to amend the Constitution,impeach the Judges of the Supreme Court, orto place the black and white soldiers on equal ground.The petition for universal emancipation covers all thesespecific abuses. Slavery abolished, no one will passbehind the fair face of the Constitution for a heart ofblackness and villainy. EAR ARRISON When not a slave breathes in this republic, we carenot for the decisions of Judge Taney or Grier; andwhen black men have advance to show themselves theheroes they are, they will soon settle the question ofequality. Our work is to secure to them freedom atthe earliest possible day. We propose to send in thefirst instalment of  on the 14th day of January,and shall continue to roll up the petitions throughoutthe entire Union, and so long as slavery exists, andthere is one man or woman to protest against that execrablecrime. The enthusiasm that is steadily growingout of this movement it indeed promising. Thepetitions are coming in dally by hundreds and thousands.Yesterday, one came in from Wisconsin withthe signatures of 900 men and 900 women, all collectedby one poor, infirm widow who has lost her husbandand two sons in the war. In her letter she says,"I have registered the names, too, of every man andwoman that will not sign the petition, that they maybe banded over to the future scorn they so well deserve."In many of the petitions for women, the placeassigned to the residence is filled with facts of husbands,brothers, and sons, who have died in the strugglefor freedom. Such is the feeling among the mothers,wives, and daughters of the West. Where theydwell is to them of but little consequence, while theylive in the memory of those brave men who have beentrue to their country. One mail brought petitions fromMaine, Delaware, Kansas, sod New Orleans, with hundredsof names.  As we keep the petitions from each State distinct,there la a chance to prove "State rights" inthis race far freedom! At the last counting, NewYork was ahead! We who have watched this workin its beginnings, through months of struggle, doubtand discouragement, are now cheered and surprisedwith the genuine enthusiasm of the people everywhere.What we want is the united expression ofthe friends of freedom against slavery, from Maine toLouisiana. Inasmuch as the petition demanding universalemancipation covers the whole ground, and isalready in circulation North and South, do not let usdistrust, the public, or weaken our action, by changingthe form of owe petition. Louisiana. Yours, truly, E. CADRY STANTON. W.L. GARRISON. ARRISON. 

 RADICAL UNION LEAGUES. We see it stated thatUnion Leagues, pledged to the total eradication of negroslavery in the United States, are multiplyingthroughout Massachusetts, and are receiving large accessionsof members. In the opinion of well-informedpersons, similar Union Leagues in the NorthernStates are already strong enough to carry the nextPresidential election. ADICAL NION EAGUES. 

 [Correspondence of the New York Tribune.] WASHINGTON. Dec. 2, 1863. ASHINGTON. The colossal statue of "Freedom," in bronze, byClark Mills, modelled by Crawford, is to-day set uponthe great tholus surmounting; the dome of theCapitol. During more than two years of our struggle, whilethe national cause seemed weak, she has patientlywaited and watched below; now that victorycrowns our advances, and the conspirators are beinghedged in, and vanquished everywhere, and thebond are being freed, she comes forward the cynosureof thousands of eyes, her face turned rebukinglytoward Virginia, and the hand outstretched as ifin guaranty of national unity and personal freedom. Perhaps the whole story of that admirable workof art is not generally known. As I see, from mywindow, the crowd gathered at the Capitol, and asthe grand salute in chorus from all the forts aroundthe city reaches my ear, it occurs to me to repeat acouple of incidents for the Tribune. Tribune. When the bronze castings were being completed,at the foundry of Mr. Mills, near Bladensburg,his foreman who had superintended the work fromthe beginning, and who was receiving eight dollarsper day, struck and demanded ten dollars, assuringMr. Mills that the advance must be granted to him,as nobody in America except himself could completethe work. Mr. Mills felt that the demand was exorbitant,and appealed in his dilemma to the slaveswho were assisting in the moulding. "I can do thatwell," said one of them, an intelligent and ingeniousservant, who had bean intimately engaged in thevarious processes. The striker was dismissed, andthe negro, assisted occasionally by the finer skill ofhis master, took the striker's place as superintendent,and the work went on. The black master-builderlifted the ponderous, uncouth masses, andbound them together, joint to joint, piece by piece,till they blended into the majestic "Freedom," whoto-day lifts her head in the blue clouds above Washington,invoking a benediction on the imperiled Republic! Was there a prophecy in that moment when theslave became the artist, and with rare poetic justicereconstructed the beautiful symbol of freedom forAmerica? Another fact. The original model of Crawfordwas crowned with the old "liberty cap"—loved byour grandfathers for its significance, but fallen intodisrepute and disuse under the pro-slavery debaucheryof the last twenty rears. When Mr. JeffersonDavis, then Secretary of War under Pierce, sawthe model, he said at once, "This will never do.We Americans have patronized this absurd 'libertycap' too long already. It was the detestable head-gearadopted by the freed slaves of Rome. Let usput it out of our sight!" And with characteristicbad taste, and a fondness for American institutions,for which he has not recently been conspicuous, beordered (hat the classic helmet be doffed, and thatthe goddess be crowned, after the manner of ourNorth American Indians, with a fantastic head-dressof feathers! So the Liberty Cap of Crawford wasknocked off, and the barbarous device of Jeff. Davismounted in its place, consisting of a limpsy eagleskin, with a row of stiff quills, rampant, runningdown the back, from beak to tail. It is related thatwhen the amended head was finished, and on exhibitionin the rotunda, an Irishman, inspecting it, saidto his comrade, "Murther, Mike, what quare bird isthis, wid his tail on the top of his head?" As itstands to-day, though Mr. Mills gave all his talentfor its construction, and interpreted carefully andfaithfully the orders which he received, the head-dressis an utter nondescript; and oar Capitol is towear a sign of barbarism for its very crown, becauseJeff. Davis, worshipping slavery, despised the significantand grand old "Cap of Liberty." A spirited debate has been carried on in the paperswith reference to the ponderous shield onwhich the Goddess leans—a half border, with whichthe artists have taken the liberty to encompass it,giving it somewhat the appearance of bearing fifteenstripes, instead of the old thirteen. The criticscharge that this was deliberately designed torepresent the fifteen slave States, instead of thethirteen original members. This is too bold an outrage for probability; besides,the slight alteration of the shield does not justifythe criticism. All frivolous changes in heraldry,and all fanciful ornamentation, are obnoxious to everyartistic mind, not less on the ground or ambiguitythan of irregularity; I do not see that this isopen to any other objection. There are, really butthirteen separate stripes. Besides, all will believethat Crawford, though a Virginian, had too muchpatriotism to conceive, and, Mills, though educated inSouth Carolina, too much honor to execute such awanton and wicked mutilation of our nationalshield. [Special Correspondence of the Missouri Democrat.] WASHINGTON, Dec. 2. ASHINGTON This is the quadrennial anniversary of the deathof Old John Brown. It was in the shivering fitcaused by Old John's raid that the subscriber firstsaw Virginia and the Capital. What a change sincethen! Northern men hardly dared to walk erect andclaim their origin, and Republicans, with a popularmajority, just the previous year given through theland, at their back, and the control of the lowerbranch of the national Congress, had to utter theirsentiments with explanations, and qualifications, andapologies. It was necessary that every good Republicanspeech should be rounded off with a deprecationof the John Brown raid. And when OwenLovejoy stood up in the House and said, "I willcurse Old John Brown," his friends thought him rash.Well, "old things have passed away, and all thingshave become new." The martyr of Charlestown haspassed into song and story, and who now curses therash but brave and lofty-souled old man? Who butthe Copperheads? Was it on account of this day being Old JohnBrown's anniversary, that it was selected for thecrowning of the Statue of Freedom on the dome ofthe Capitol? I have not inquired, but the coincidenceis worthy of remark. It is very seldom that a largercrowd assembles in front of the Capitol than wasgathered there to-day to witness this impressive ceremony.It was an occasion to be remembered whilelife lasts. As the last section of the statue, includingthe bust, was placed in its position, looking towardthe rising of the son, a shout went up from tenthousand voices, and the cannon pealed forth theirglad welcome to the Goddess of Liberty installed inher future home. It was a sublime moment. Thestatue is a most beautiful one, the expression of thefeatures being grand beyond description. The bronzeis, I understand, oxydized, so that it will never changecolor, but become only brighter as the atmosphereacts upon it. It is nineteen feet high, and standsupon a white marble pediment, upon which the words"E Pluribus Unum" are plainly legible. The topof the statue is three hundred feet from the base ofthe Capitol building, which elevation gives it theappearance of the ordinary site of the human figure. The Capitol now lacks but little of completion.The front of the north wing is finished all but theouter flight of steps. The colonnade, consisting offluted pillars, with exquisitely tasteful capitols, andan entablature that is a marvel of artistic beauty,sets off most admirably the architecture of the Capitol,which is liable to the charge of being too heavyin its general features. The group of statuary whichhas for the past three or four years been in the oldhall of the House of Representatives, representing"The Progress of Civilization," now adorns the pedimentof the completed north wing, and nothingcould be more appropriate and beautiful. A groupingof statuary will also adorn the pediment of thesouth wing when completed. On the whole, ournation's Capitol is not going to have as many defectsas people imagined, and when finally completed,which will be within the ensuing year, will be an edificeon which Americans can look with lasting pride. 

 ☞The Atlantic Monthly, Continental, and Harper'sMonthly for the present month have been received,and will be noticed hereafter. Atlantic Monthly, Continental, and Harper'sMonthly 

 DEATH OF GENERAL CORCORAN. General Corcoran,who was accidentally killed by a fall fromhis horse at Halifax Court House, Va., last week,was born in Carrowkeel, County Sligo, Ireland,Sept. 21, 1827. He was a decendant of the IrishGeneral Sanfield, famous in the wars of James theSecond. His father was an officer in the Englishservice. He emigrated to this country, establishinghimself in New York, and first obtained prominenceby refusing, in his capacity of colonel of an Irishregiment, to turn out at the reception of the Princeof Wales. At the breaking out of the rebellion,though in poor health, he marched at the head ofhis regiment to Virginia, fought bravely at the battleof Bull Run, was taken prisoner, and remainedfor a number of months in a Richmond prison. EATH OF ENERAL ORCORAN. His reception at New York and Boston, upon hisrelease, wilt be remembered by our readers. 

 ☞The freedmen of the Department of the Southat Port Royal have made arrangements for a grandcelebration of the anniversary of freedom's birthdayin the South, January 1. Wdell Phillips and Fred.Douglass are invited to attend.  

 HEAD QUARTERS, BOSTON, December 8, 1863. EAD UARTERS OSTON GENERAL ORDER, No. 42. In reply to many inquiries, the following Order is promulgated,being condensed from previous proclamationand Orders:— I. Veteran soldiers (that is, discharged soldiers who haveserved at least nine months) will receive from the UnitedStates Government the veteran bounty of $402, whether theyenlist in any regiment or company now in the field, or ineither of the following organization, viz:—2d Regt. of Infantry,Artillery, Colonel Franklin; the 56th Regt. of Infantry,(1st Veterans,) Colonel Griswold; the 57th, (2d Veterans,)Colonel Bartlett; the 58th, (3d Veterans,) Colonel Richmond;the 59th, (4th Veterans,) Colonel Gould; or in thenew Battalion of Cavalry now forming at Readville, to beattached to the 1st Regiment of Mass. Cavalary Volunteers,Colonel Sargent; or in the other new Battalion now re Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Arnold A. Rand. Suchveterans will receive the bounty of $402 from the UnitedStates, and the full State bounty of Massachusetts, in themanner set forth in the Proclamation of the Governor, ofNovember 18th ult.  II. All raw recruits (i.e. those not veterans) will receivethe full State bounty who enlist in either of the organizations,new or old, now in the field, or now being raised.Such new recruits will not receive $302 from the UnitedStates, but instead thereof, $100 only from the UnitedStates. If they join one of the old regiments or companiesnow in the field; or one of the Cavalry Battalions namedabove, they will receive $302 from the United States. IfSpecial Order of the Secretary of War, them two CavalryBattalions are parts of old regiments now in the field. now in the field; or one of the Cavalry Battalions namedabove New recruits have, however, the right to join any regimentor company not already full, whether new or old, ifthey choose to do so, and to accept the smaller UnitedStates bounty instead of the larger one. any regimentor company III. To recapitulate. The United States does not payrecruits who are not Veterans of nine months' service anybounty exceeding $100, unless they join one of the old organizationsalready in the field, including in the term"old organizations," &c., the two Cavalry Battalions abovementioned. It pays nine months' Veterans joining any organization,new or old, $402 bounty. It pays raw recruits $302, who go into old organizations,including the two Cavalry Battalions aforesaid. The Commonwealth pays her full bounty to all classes ofrecruits, allowing them to join any regiment, or companythey please, if there is room to receive them. IV. The United States officers do not offer any bountyto men of color, nor do they pay them the full wages of a soldier. They pay $10 per month, of which $3 may be inclothing. men of color This Commonwealth pays the full bounty of $325 in handon being mustered into the United States service as a Massachusettsvolunteer, to ALL soldiers, irrespective or sale ofextraction; or the soldier may, if he prefers it, receive $50in advance, and monthly State pay, by way of bounty, $20per month. V. By Act of November 16, 1863, this Commonwealthout of its own Treasury, makes up to the 54th and 55thMassachusetts Volunteers the deficiency in their pay, anda payment has already gone to those regiment for thepurpose of their payment. VI. Volunteers now in the field, authorized under mightfrom the War Department to re-enlist as Veteran Volunteers,and who do re-culist in Massachusetts Volunteers.(see General Orders, Nos. 33 and 34, from the these headquarters,)receive the full bounty offered by the UnitedStates, and also the full bounty of Massachusetts, of $325in advance, or of $50 in advance, and $20 per month, attheir own election, (see Governor's Proclamation of November18, 1863, and General Orders, Nos. 32, 33 and 34.) Volunteers now in the field VII. Such Volunteers re-enlisting will be conducted to thattowns against prevent quotes under the last cell. Such Volunteers re-enlisting will be conducted to thattowns against prevent quotes under the last cell. By order of His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW, Governorand Commander-in-Chief. OHN NDREW WILLIAM SCHOULER, Adjutant-General. Adjutant-General. 

 The following is a full text of the preamble andsynopsis of the provision of Mr. Lovejoy's bill forthe abolition of slavery, already referred to:— Whereas, all men are created equal, and endowedby their Creator with inalienable rights to life, liberty,and the fruits of an honest toil; and Whereas, as the Government of the United Stateswas instituted to secure these rights; and Whereas, the Constitution of the United States declaresthat no person shall be deprived of liberty withoutdue process of law, and also declares (Art. S, Clause2d) as follows: This Constitution and laws of theUnited States, made in pursuance thereof, shall bethe supreme law of the land, and Judges in everyState shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitutionand laws of said State to the contrary, notwithstanding; and Whereas, it has been demonstrated by rebellion,that SLAVERY IS ABSOLUTELY INCOMPATIBLEWITH UNION, PEACE AND THE GENERALWELFARE for which Congress are to provide,thereafter be it enacted, &c., &c. The first clause releases all slaves in all of theStates and Territories of the United States, andclothes them with the immunities of free citizens. Section 2d makes their reenalavement a crime, punishableby fine and imprisonment. 

 HEAD-QUARTERS, BOSTON, December, 1863. EAD UARTERS OSTON GENERAL ORDER, No. 44. I. Pursuant to authority received form the United StatesDepartment of War, a regiment of Cavalry Volunteersbe composed of men of color, enlisted for three years, toless sooner discharged, is now in process of recruitment inthis Commonwealth. It is known as the Fifth Regiment ofMassachusetts Cavalry Volunteers. Fifth Regiment ofMassachusetts Cavalry Volunteers. II. Lieut.-Col. HENRY S. RUSSELL, of the Second MassachusettsCavalry Volunteers, is designated its Colonel. ENRY USSELL III. The United States pays no bounty to the recruitsfor this regiment under existing regulations, nor wagesexceeding $10 per month, including $3 per month ofclothing. IV. But this Commonwealth offers precisely the same bountyoffered to all other volunteers, viz: $325 bounty, pain inMassachusetts after the volunteer in mustered into hisregiment; or, if he shall so elect, then $50 bounty paysas aforesaid, and $20 monthly bounty or pay, in additionto the pay now or hereafter received by him from theUnited States. But this Commonwealth offers precisely the same bountyoffered to all other volunteers V. Communications concerning the regiment may ismade to Colonel Henry S. Russell, No. 21 School Street,Boston. The regiment will rendezvous at Camp Meigs,Readville, Brig. Gen. Pierce Commandant. VI. The following is the organization of a regional andof a company of cavalry into the Volunteer Army of theUnited States, under existing laws, viz: REGIMENT OF CAVALRY—Twelve Companies of Troops. EGIMENT OF AVALRY 1 Colonel 1 Lieutenant-Colonel. 3 Majors. 1 Surgeon. 2 Assistant Surgeons. 1. Regimental Adjutant, (an extra Lieut.) 1 Regimental Quartermaster, (an extra Lieut.) 1 Regimental Commissary, (an extra Lieut.) 1 Chaplain. 1 Veterinary Surgeon. 1 Sergeant-Major. 1 Quartermaster Sergeant. 1 Commissary Sergeant. 2 Hospital Stewards. 1 Saddler Sergeant. 1 Chief Trumpeter. COMPANY OR TROOOP OF CAVALRY. OMPANY OR ROOOP OF AVALRY. 1 Captain. 1 First Lieutenant. 1 Second Lieutenant. 1 First Sergeant. 1 Quartermaster Sergeant. 1 Commissary Sergeant. 5 Sergeants. 8 Corporals. 2 Trumpeters. 2 Farriers or Blacksmiths. 1 Saddler. 1 Wagoner. 60 Privates—minimum. 78 Privates—maximum. VII. The Governor regards with great satisfaction forprogress made since the inauguration of the 54th MassachusettsInfantry Volunteers. And he confidently wetemplates the accession from this Commonwealth to theNational Army, of a Cavalry Regiment of Colored Americans,which will illustrate their capacity for that dashingand brilliant arm of the military service. In this hour ofhope for our common country and for ourselves; at a timewhen they hold the destiny of their race in their owngrasp; and when its certain emancipation from prejudice,as well as slavery, is in the hands of those now invited tounite in the final blow which will annihilate the rebel power,let no brave and strong man hesitate. One cannotaggerate the call sounding in the ears of all men, in whichveins flows the blood of Africa, and whose color has beenthe badge of slavery. It offers the opportunity of years,crowded into an hour. It bids them come and be numberwith the peoples of every race, who, by their ownarms, have vindicated their right to all the blessings andall the powers of Liberty. By order of His Excellency, JOHN A. ANDREW, Governorand Commander-in-Chief. OHN NDREW WILLIAM SCHOULER, Adjutant General. Adjutant General. 

 MR. ELIOT (Un., Mass.) introduced the followingbill in the House on the 14th inst., which was referredto a Select Committee of nine, viz: Messrs. Ellot, Kelley,Knapp, Orth, Boyd, Kalbfleisch, Cobb, Anderson,and Middleton. R. LIOT A BILL TO ESTABLISH A BUREAU OF EMANCIPATION. Be it enacted by the senate and House of Representativesof the United States of America in Congressassembled, That an office is hereby erected inthe War Department to be called the Bureau ofEmancipation, and the President of the United Statesis hereby authorized to nominate, and, with the adviceand consent of the Senate, to appoint a Commissionerof Emancipation, with an annual Salary of fourthousand dollars, to whom shall be referred the adjustmentand determination, under the direction of theSecretary of War, of all questions arising under thisact or under any laws now existing or hereafter to beenacted, touching the general superintendence, disposition,and direction of all persons being freedmen ofAfrican descent, who are or shall become free by virtueof any proclamation, law, or military order issued,enacted, or promulgated during the present Rebellion,or by virtue of any act of emancipation which shallbe enacted by, any State for the freedom of personsheld to service or labor within such State. And thesaid Commissioner shall have authority to appoint,under the direction of the Secretary of War. Suchnumber of clerks, not exceeding—of each class, asshall be necessary for the proper transaction of thebusiness of said bureau. SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall bethe duty of all military and civil officers charged withthe execution of any law of the United States, or ofany military order, by virtue of which any persons ofAfrican descent, who shall have been theretofore heldas slaves within the United States shall be dischargedfrom service or labor, to make return of all their proceedingsin execution thereof to said Commissioner,under such regulations and in such form as shallbe from time to time prescribed by the Secretary ofWar. EC. SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That said Commissionershall, under the direction of the Secretaryof War, be charged with the execution of all laws providingfor the colonization of freedmen, and also withthe delivery of any bonds of the United States to anyState which shall become entitled thereto by reasonof the emancipation of slaves within such State, andof any act of Congress authorizing the issue of suchbonds, in compensation therefor. EC. SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the saidCommissioner shall, under the direction of the Secretaryof War, establish suitable and proper regulationsfrom time to time, and cause the same to be enforcefor the needful, economical, and judicious treatmentand disposition of all persons named in the first actionof this act, to the end that said freedmen and theGovernment of the United, States shall be mutuallyprotected, and their respective rights and interests dulydetermined and maintained. And said Commissionershall, before the commencement of each sessionof Congress, make foil report of all acts done in hisdepartment to the Secretary of War, who is herebydirected to communicate the same to the Congress ofthe United States. EC. 

 DR. HALSTED, of Round Hill Water-Cure, Northampton,Mass., has so far perfected his "System" of treatment that many cases of incipient peoplesus uteri, kindred weaknesses and ulcerations, one he by one consultation, and the following of his instruction.The plan and remedies for self or home treatment tentand restorative. They dispel pain and  itthe back, strengthen the nerves, tone the stomach, viateindigestion and constipation.  sus uteri     Confirmed cases and bed-ridden patients can be an relieved by one visit as to give them faith of ultimate recoveryat his institution. Water treatment may be to tone the system, or it may not; but supporters, or harsh treatment, never. The organ, was only, pathicallyadjusted, no ordinary exertion will displace, after a short treatment, its healthy condition become and permanent.       This method is so simple and reliable that it is a revolution in the treatment of woman's disease. Physiciansare cordially invited to test its value. Their tionis also called to his treatment for neuralgic and difficulties, by which the vital forces are removed, and elasticity restored, and broken-down ovated.The names of thousands of invalids who been cured at his institution are on record, with a of their sufferings. Further information will be giving desired.         Northampton, Mass., Nov. 25. 

 STAMPED AT 20 WINTER STREET,AT FIVE CENTS PER YARD. Boston, Oct. 23, 1863. 

 DRESS-MAKING BOOKS,No. 10, Oliver Place, Out of Essex Street, between BOSTON. Oxford and Edinboro' Sts., BOSTON. 

