 MR. EDITOR—I presume everybody is acquaintedwith Father Henson, commonly called "Uncle Tom."Forty years ago, he located himself with his family inthe wild of Canada. Where he built his cabin, not adwelling could be seen for miles. His neighbor wornthe wolf and the fox, together with many varieties ofthe feathered tribe: in a word, for a great distance hewas the only man to be seen. Being formerly a slave,and subject to every form of barbarian practiced byslave tyrants, thirty odd years of his life were devotedto hardships of the most grievous kind. His maimedlimbs show the quality of the treatment he receivedwhile a chattel personal. He was a pioneer in "undergroundrailroad" travel, preferring liberty in thewilderness to slavery in any form. After a few yearshe bought, with gold, his wife and children, and settledthem here to share the fortunes of his efforts in aforeign land. When a sufficient number of the forest treesyielded to the power of his axe, and he hadhawed his way to open fields, there could be seen atharvesting the fruits of his agricultural labors. R. DITOR Canada. In the year 1851, feeling a desire far the elevationof his people, he commenced an enterprise which hasreceived the attention and support of many good menin the United States and England. Adjoining hisown farm, which is located about one mile from thetown of Dresden, C. W, he purchased from funds collectedby him soma three hundred acres of land, situatedupon what was called "Bear Creek," but nowknown as Snyder River, which is navigable for steamersof the largest kinds. Here he erected a saw andgrist mill, and built a number of small houses, thelargest of which was intended for educational purposes,and is now knows as the headquarters of "TheBritish and America Dawn Institution." On thebanks of the river, both sides, may he seen at alltimes during the boating season, wood and every articleof country produce, ready to ship for the market;all (he practical evidences of the industry and enterpriseof colored awn. There are very few locationswhere better opportunities offer themselves. Hereaway from the the workings of prejudice, unhealthyinfluences cannot be brought to bear against the effortsof him who means success; therefore, it only needs awill and a unanimity of purpose on the part of a fewenterprising and intelligent colored man to bring aboutdesirable anticipations. all will From a recant visit at Father Henson's settlement,I found the old man in the enjoyment of a large shareof worldly happiness. Himself, having passed, inyears, the allotment of three score years and ten,being the worthy bead of a large and interesting familyof children and grandchildren, took great pride inexhibiting his well-stocked farm. There ware horses,and oxen, and cows, and sheep, and pip, and fowls.There were apples, and produce of almost every kind,buried in pits so as to be secure against the frosts.There were thousands of feet of lumber lying on hislands, and hundreds of cords of wood piled in the passages,awaiting the arrival of purchasers. At the farmhouse,the good lady tried her best to do the agreeable,by way of well-stocked tables and family sociability.One of the prominent members of his family is"old Uncle John," an elder brother, who was ransomedby him from Slavery's prison-house some threeyears since, leaving a wife and two sons still in thralldom. For about two miles, the inhabitants of this localityare mostly colored people. They appear intelligentand industrious; most of them owning good terms.They have two churches in Dresden, which are wellattended. The scattered condition of the inhabitantsrender it inconvenient for small children punctuallyto attend school. Away from the neighborhood, thereis a district prejudice existing, which prevents whiteand colored children from attending the same schools.This is a custom all over Canada (with few exceptions).What is needed in that country is a little ofold Massachusetts' influence and example to placethings right. The weather the first of the month waswarm, and prospects good for early spring. At someother time I shall say more about Father Henson'sInstitution. B.F.R. Boston, March 22,1864. 

 COPPERHEAD SEDITION. The mistaken leniencyof the Government is more and more emboldening theorgans and declaimers of Copperhead-Democracy toutter the most treasonable sentiments, in a spirit of insolentdefiance; and the consequence of thus "scatteringfirebrands, arrows and death," with impunity,is fraught with immense peril. Let our loyal readersanalyze the contents of the "Refuge of Oppression"on our first page, and they will see to what extent thislicense is indulged. See how maliciously the Administrationis arraigned—how the President is chargedwith being a "dictator," utterly undeserving of sympathyor support—how it is alleged that "we have nogovernment, but only a rotten semblance of our formerinstitutions"—how it is menacingly proclaimed,"we will never support the war. it being an outrageand an abomination which no true Democrat can toleratefor a moment"—and bow the various beneficentSanitary Fairs is behalf of the sick, wounded and dyingsoldiers are held up as "a political trick to raisefunds for the Abolitionists to carry on the Presidentialelection"! There Is nothing that emanates fromthe Rebel presets more seditious or more diabolicalthan such utterances. OPPERHEAD EDITION. 

 ☞ TERMS—Three dollars per annum, in advance. ☞ Four copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment is made in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all letters to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent.  ☞ Advertisements of a square and over inserted three at five cents per line; less than a square, 75 cents free insertions. Yearly and half yearly advertisementinserted on reasonable terms.   ☞ The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentlemen constitute the Financial, but are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz:— WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, EJACKSON, and WILLAM L. GARRISON, JR.  ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY   ACKSON ILLAM ARRISON R. 

 As announced, this 94th anniversary was observedat the Meionson, on Monday evening, March 7th,(postponed from the 5th.) The exercises commencedwith some remarks from WILLIAM C. NELL, in substanceas follows:— ILLIAM ELL On that auspicious day when the 64th Massachusettsregiment was reviewed by Gov. Andrew, onBoston Common, on their departure for the battlefieldsof the South, where they have won each universalcommendation for all the ennobling characteristicsof soldiers, he (Mr. Nell) was honored by Hon. HENRYWILSON with some words complimentary for his humbleefforts (of which this commemoration was one) inkeeping before the American people the fact that, likeCrisp us Attacks, on the 6th of March, 1770, the coloredAmericans, from that hour to the present, had everproved among loyal men the most loyal—among thebrave the bravest. In view of the injustice meted outto them by the American nation, their bearing hasbeen magnanimous beyond any precedent in theworld's annals. ENRY ILSON Mr. Nell cited some facts from sketches of the recentbattle in Olustee, Florida—alluding prominentlyto the devotion and heroism of the Massachusetts 64th.He submitted extracts from the New York papers,narrating the signal honors just awarded in that cityto the 20th colored regiment; which might be acceptedas a partial offset to the copperhead riots of lastJuly. He censured strongly the parties at Washington,prominent in denying the same pay to colored soldiersin the field that has been awarded to the whites; butbe was hopeful that the discussion would end in a fairadjustment, believing as be did that the events of thewar are fast educating the nation up to the idea thatall men, without distinction of color, should be equalsbefore the law. The exercises of Music, vocal and instrumental—the Readings and Declamations, with the DramaticScenes by a company of young colored amateurs—gave great satisfaction to the audience, which, in consequenceof the unfavorable weather, was limited innumber. 

 "I lay this down as the low of  I say that militaryauthority takes, for the time the place of all  and SLAVERY AMONG THE and that under that state of things so far from its being that the  where slavery e have the management of the subject, not only the THE UNITED STATES, but the COMMANDER OF THE ARMY,HAS POWER TO ORDER THE UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATIONOF THE SLAVES . . . . From the that the slaveholding States become the  of a war,CIVIL servile, or foreign from that instant the war powersof C extend to in with the institution ofslavery, IN EVERY WAY IN  IT CAN WITH from a claim of  for slaves taken or destroyed,to the ssion of States,  with slavery, toa foreign power. . . . It is a war power. I  it  a warpower; and when your country is actually in war, whetherit be a war of vasion or a war of has power to y on the war, and MUST CAR IT ON, ACCORDINGTO THE LAWES OF WAR; and by the laws of war,an invaded country has all its laws and municipal institutionsswept by the board, and MARTIAL POWER TAKES THEPLACE OF THEN. When two hostile armies are act in martialarray, the commanders of both ar have power to all the slaves in the invaded territory." J.O.ADAMS.          NITED TATES OMMANDER OF THE RMY                  

 THE CONTINENTAL MAGAZINE, for April, openswith an article entitled. "Sir Charles Lyell on theAntiquity of Man," a review of Lyell's recent workon the subject; " Aenone," the tale of Slave Life inRome; "The Love Lucifer," and "Sketches of AmericanLife and Scenery," are continued, and Mr. Kimball's"Was He Successful?" concluded. "GreatLakes to St. Paul," gives the superficial descriptionsby a traveler of Cleveland, Detroit. Superior City,Prairie DaChien, and other Western cities. "Englishand America Taxation," is an article by Robert J.Walker. The other contributions to the present numberare " Our Government and the Blacks," "TheIsle of 8prings," "Jefferson Davis and Repudiationof Arkansas Bonds," and the "Development of AmericanArchitecture." HE ONTINENTAL AGAZINE 

 The following Resolutions were unanimously adopted,last week at the Copperhead State Convention,held in Providence,. R.I., and also at a Copperheadgathering at the Cooper Institute, New York: Whereas A fratricidal war, originating in a disregardof the maxims and warnings of our fathers, isdesolating the land and threatening the permanentdisruption of our Federal Union; and Whereas The present Administration, by its fatalpolicy in the conduct of the war by its infringementon State and individual rights, by a general suspenseof the writ of habeas corpus, and substitutingmilitary for civil courts; and above all, by employingthe army to suppress the freedom of elections andforcing governments of minorities upon the peopleof the State has not only protracted the war indenitely,bringing upon the country interminable taxationand financial ruin, but has created generalalarm for the integrity of the States and the libertyof their citizens, all threatened to be swallowed up ina fanatical despotism, the worst of all governments;and Whereas The country has no guaranty for theseedy and successful termination of the war underthe imbecile and changeable management of the presentAdministration through any other means than bya change of men at the coming Presidential Election:therefore. Resolved, That we earnestly invite all our fellowcitizens,of whatever shade of political opinions, andunder whatever political organizations, to unite withus in our concerted effort to place at the head of ourGovernment a man in whose wisdom, integrity, andfirmness the country may rely with hope for aspeedy suppression of the rebellion the cessation ofbloodshed, the maintenance of the Union whichor fathers bequeathed to us; a Union of independentStates and free people created by the Constitution,and to be maintained only by its observance. Resolved, That right of suffrage regulated bythe States is the only safeguard for individual liberty,and must be defended at every hazard. Resolved, That the invasion of Mexico by Franceis a violation of the Monroe doctrine, which wouldnever have been tolerated under a Democratic Administration. Resolved, That the seeming prosperity in thefinical affairs of the country is deceitful andunsound; and that the continuing expansion of ourpaper currency, and the extravagance and corruptionin the expenditures of the Government will bearus, unless wiser counsels soon prevail, into the gulfof national bankruptcy and anarchy. Resolved, Than we hail with satisfaction the factthat one more effort is to be made to rid our StateConstitution of its restriction upon suffrage; andthat we recommend to the Democrats of our State togive to such measures, whenever they shall again bereferred to them, a hearty and vigorous support. give Resolved, That we hereby extend our gratitude tothe officers and soldiers of the Rhode Island regimentswho have sacrificed the endearments of hometo perpetuate the institutions of our fathers. Resolved, That we, the representatives of theDemocratic party and of the conservative sentimentof the people of Rhode Island look with confidenceto the Convention to be holden at Chicago on the4th of July next, to put in nomination men who willadopt a wise statesmanlike and Constitutional policyof government. 

 HENRY WARD BEECHER. Henry Ward Batcherpreached a sermon, last Sunday evening, on the necessityof civil enactments to pat as end to slavery. Heearnestly recommended the circulation of the EmancipationPetition la ate congregation; and at the closes,a collection of about $200 was taken up to forward thework of the Women's National League. A good example,worthy of universal imitation. ENRY ARD EECHER. 

 When Mr. Lincoln took his seat, a majority of thepeople who submitted to his rule—without countingthe States in rebellion—had opposed his election.They believed it to be a great national calamity.But they submitted. Why? Because he was lawfullyelected—and for no other reason. Mark this—had it not been for the respect of the people ofthe North for constitutional provisions—had they notconsented to abide by the result of the election.whether they liked or not—Abraham Lincoln couldnever have been inaugurated. Well, he took his seat;and these who had opposed his election not onlygracefully submitted but freely offered their bloodand treasure to maintain his authority. Because theyloved Abraham Lincoln? No! Simply because hewas lawfully elected, and by that election they feltbound to abide. But very soon he found that theprovisions of the Constitution were not enough forhis purpose. He stands before the country now, notas a constitutional ruler, but as a dictator, with noclaim for support or allegiance beyond the sympathyof the people or the bayonets of his soldiery. Lethim beware then how he trusts too much to such atitle. He has lost the respect and confidence of hispeople; but they are willing to tolerate him for anotheryear if he will only allow them the opportunitywhich the laws of the land guarantee them—to sit injudgment upon his acts and endorse or condemn, asthey see fit, at the polls next November. But if hepersists in interfering with this right—whether as inthe border States, by the direct interference of themilitary, or by those contemptible practices which heunderstands so well of which our late State election affordsa beautiful example, it matters not—if he daresto trifle with this—TO YOUR TENTS, O, ISRAEL! Letit be distinctly proclaimed that if Abraham Lincolntries to perpetuate his power by any other meansthan affair and honest appeal to the people, unfetteredand unbribed the constitutional conservative menWILL SUBMIT NO LONGER. It may be said that thisis rebellion. It is not. WE HAVE NO GOVERNMENT.At this day we have only the rotten semblanceof our former republican institutions which exists simplythe sufferance of the people. On the 4th ofMarch, 1865, THIS WILL OF CEASE, AND ANY ATTEMPT IT REYOND THAT DAY WIL BE DISASTROUSTO THOSE THAT MAKE IT. We must havethe Constitutional Government of our fathers, or wewill have nothing. This is the temper of the rank andfile of the Democratic party of it is not of the leaders,and the fact cannot be too often reiterated in the earsof the throne.—Manchester N.H. Daily Union. Abraham Lincoln couldnever have been inaugurated. notas a constitutional ruler, but as a dictator to tolerate him for anotheryear or by those contemptible practices which heunderstands so well of which our late State election affordsa beautiful example SRAEL constitutional conservative men E HAVE NO OVERNMENT. rotten semblanceof our former republican institutions which exists simplythe sufferance of the people. On the 4th of  This is the temper of the rank andfile of the Democratic party of it is not of the leaders,and the fact cannot be too often reiterated in the earsof the throne. Manchester N.H. Daily Union. The Portsmouth, N.H. States and Union says:— States and Union Put McClellan, or any other respectable man havingthe requisite qualifications, upon a sound Democraticplatform, in good faith and we will devotewhatever of energy and ability we possess to his But WILL NEVER SUPPORT THE WAR, orthe coercion of sovereign States, by the Federal Government,under any pretext whatever. It is a an AND AN AROMINATION which no true Democratcan tolerate for a moment."  orthe  Have is another specimen from the same paper ofthe some date:— By the way we notice that these great so-calledSanitary Pairs, purporting to be for the purpose ofprocuring aid and comfort for the sick and woundedsoldiers, are having an extensive ran through thecountry. The alleged object may be a good one, butin looking over the names of the managers in everyinstance, we are led to believe that the whole thingis a political trick very much like the Kansas Aid Societiesof 1855-56 to raise funds for the Abolitioniststo carry on the Presidential election. These managersare leading Administration men, with a liberalsprinkling of those political nondescripts called, forthe want of a better name, 'War Democrats.'" 

 ☞It is denied that the lady school teachers atHilton Head have been misceginating. Nobody believedit to begin with.—Newburyport Hrald. Newburyport Hrald. Exactly. The only trouble Is that a good many ofthe Herald's copperhead allies asserted it just as if theydid believe it. Of all pro slavery fabrications, it isthe dirtiest and vilest, yet worthy of its origin. Herald's 

 About twenty-eight years ago, the present greatW.L. Garrison was mobbed, in the city of Boston,because he teas a vile Abolitionist. The mob was composedof the wealthy, and elite of that city, And forthis reason it passed into history, as the "ruffle shirtmob." because he teas a vile Abolitionist. Our readers, who are fifty years old will well rememberthis celebrated occurence. As for ourself,we only know of it by having beard the story toldoccasionally. We have but little data upon whichto give all the minutia attending this remarkable circumstancein the history of New England. Mr. Garrison, as we recollect the facts, was foundby the outraged people of that city, in company witha number of whites and negroes, holding a meeting.The people rushed to the building and surroundedit and demanded the leader. Garrison was terriblyfrightened, and escaped at the rear of the buildingand secreted himself in an adjacent carpenter shop,under a work-bench. The infuriated citizens pursuedhim, and finally found him as he lay covered inshavings, and placed a rope around the neck of thepoor frightened creature, and dragged him into thestreet. A gentleman who was an eve-witness to thispart of the -performance, describes the appearance ofthe trembling culprit as most ludicrous. The ropewas placed around his neck by one Cooley, a juniorpartner of one of the oldest and wealthiest houses ofthat city. (!!!) The mayor of the city being apprised of what wasgoing on, hurriedly gathered together a force oftwenty-five policemen, and just as the mob was readyto swing between the heavens and the earth, thepresent Hon. W.L. Garrison rushed in and rescuedhim. He was placed in a close carriage, and drivenrapidly to the city prison. Hon. Our informant says, that no man ever entered the ,portals of any house, with greater alacrity than didGarrison the prison door. This was the only refugethat could then save his life, and to this day he mustlook upon that grim building as his benefactor, andsaviour. This was in Boston, and the vengeance ofthe mob was aimed at the original father of the presentparty, that is in the habit of mobing and exitingmen, who dare to say they love the Constitution andthe Union our fathers made. There is food for reflectionin the history of the ruffle shirt mob, and weleave the reader to reflect for himself.—Cairo Weekly(Copperhead) Democrat. Cairo Weekly(Copperhead) Democrat. 

 The Hen. Owen Lovejoy, Member of Congressfrom the Fifth Illinois District, died in the city ofBrooklyn, at half-past 11 o'clock on Friday night. Hehad been indisposed for several months, but was notconfined to his bed until the 15th instant. In his lastillness he was attended by his wife and daughter andmany sympathizing friends and acquaintances. This eloquent champion of freedom was born in thetown of Albion, Kennebec County, Me., on the 6th ofJanuary, 1811, and was therefore fifty-three yours ofage at the time of his death. His father was a ministerand farmer, and young Owen worked upon his father'sfarm until he was eighteen years of ago, when hespent a short time in a neighboring academy, and afterwardwent to Bowdoin College, where he was atthe same time pupil and teacher—paying for hisown tuition by teaching others. He left college in 1835, and emigrated to the townof Alton, in the State of Illinois, where his brotherE.P. Lovejoy edited an Anti-Slavery newspaper.He remained there until 1887. when his patriotic andnoble brother was murdered by a Pro-Slavery mob.He did not leave the town, however, until he had utteredhis pretest against slavery in a spirited andtouching biography of his martyred brother. He thenremoved to Princeton, where he became the pastor ofa Congregational Church, and where he also becamedistinguished for his uncompromising hostility to "thesum of all villanies." During his ministry he wasfrequently arrested, sometimes charged with makingincendiary speeches against slavery—sometimes withfeeding, clothing, and aiding fugitive slaves. On suchoccasions he chose to plead his own cause, and whenthe case closed, it was his custom to announce to thecourt and the parties assembled where and when hewould deliver his next Anti-Slavery address. In this way he labored in season and out of season—preaching, lecturing, writing, toiling, praying forthe abolition of slavery till 1854, when he was electedto the State Legislature of Illinois, where he votedfor Abraham Lincoln as his first choice for UnitedStates Senator. His talents and influence wore recognizedby his constituents, and in 1856 he was electedto a seat in the XXXVth Congress, and has been reelectedto the XXXVIth, XXXVIIth, and XXX-VIIIthCongresses, winning a national reputation forindustry, courage, and eloquence. Among the incidentsof his public career, will be remembered thescene in the House in April, 1860, in which Prior, ofVirginia, undertook to silence him. Lovejoy wasspeaking with that electric power which marked hisefforts, when he was interrupted by Pryor with threateninggestures, who said he did not wish to hear anymore "such trash." Mr. Lovejoy replied that for sixweeks the House had listened to the trash of the Democraticmembers, and it now was his turn. He was atonce warmly and earnestly sustained by the Republicanmembers. Out of the discussion that followedgrew the Potter and Pryor challenge. Mr. Lovejoywas a great favorite in the district he represented,and he did a vast deal toward creating and mouldingthe political opinions of his constituents. He was abrave and truthful man, and his private life was withoutreproach. In person he was stout and muscular,with a large, well-balanced head, a genial face, andmagnetic eyes, that sparkled when he was engaged indebate. As a pastor, he was eminently successful.At Princeton, where he settled, he established achurch which became one of the most prosperous, influentialand wealthy of the churches of the West.Among the members were two brothers of Mr. WilliamCullen Byrant, the poet and editor. On his electionto Congress he gave up the ministry, and devotedhis attention to politics. In his death the countryhas lost a true patriot, a faithful leader, and an honestman. The funeral of Mr. Lovejoy will take place atPlymouth Church at half-past one to-day. Drs. Storrs,Cheever, and the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher will officiate.As the close of the services, the remains ofthe deceased will be removed to Princeton, BureauCounty, Ill. Senator Trumbull, now in New York,has telegraphed to Representative Washburno to endeavorto make up a Congressional delegation to followthe remains to their final resting-place. Thebody of the deceased was examined yesterday, andthe physicians decided that he died of Bright's diseaseof the kidneys. Mrs. and Miss Lovejoy widowand daughter of the deceased, will accompany the remainsto the West.—N.Y. Tribune of Monday. N.Y. Tribune of Monday. His dissolution was very calm and peaceful, and hislast hours were soothed by the presence of his wifeand daughter. His attending physician had left hisbedside but a short time previous to his death. Hiscomplaint was at first supposed to be a combination ofrheumatism and gout, but latterly it was decided tobe an affection of the liver. His physicians abandonedthe case as a hopeless one several days since, anddirected that he should take no more medicine. Sincethen his wife, who was in attendance upon him, hadsupplied him with ice, under which treatment he ralliedsufficiently to give some hopes of his ultimate recovery. Mr. Lovejoy was born in Albion, Stale of Maine,January 6, 1811, and is consequently in the fifty-fourthyear of his age. Mr. Lovejoy took uniform high anti-slaveryground in his public career, preaching it fromhis pulpit on Sunday, and talking it and working it intothe people on week days. His doctrines began totake root, and eventuated in the establishment of anunderground railroad over which many slaves wererun across the border, and carried into Canada. Mr.Lovejoy kept the fleetest horses in the country, whichwere often put upon their mettle in carrying off fugitivesto the frontiers of Canada. When accused ofbeing president of the underground railroad, he wouldsay he was only a conductor. In person, Mr. Lovejoywas of commanding presence, tall, portly, weighing;in health about 250 pounds. He had a fine opencountenance, was full of good cheer, and was thoughtrather jolly for a minister. On his election to Congressin 1856, he gave up the ministry, and has sincedevoted his attention to political matters. Mr. Lovejoywas very wealthy, owning one of the finest farmsin Illinois.—N.Y. Evening Post. N.Y. Evening Post. OWEN LOVERJOY. Owen Lovejoy is dead, and wenote the fact with reverence, for the country has losta sterling patriot, and the grave will dose over a braveand honest man. Such men we must deeply regret,because they are precious as they are few, and thoughwe have brighter names than that of Owen Lovejoy,he, at least, in his sphere, did his duty chivalrously.Brother to the first martyr to Northern or anti-slaveryliberty, he was one of the first, if not the first, popularrepresentative of the North who threw down thegauntlet to the tyrants of slavery. The world willnot call him a fanatic now.—Philadelphia Press. WEN OVERJOY. Philadelphia Press. FUNERAL OF MR. LOVEJOY. At the funeral ofHon. Owen Lovejoy, at Brooklyn, N.Y., on Mondaylast, there were addresses by Rev. H.W. Beecher andRev. Dr. Cheever. The following named gentlemenofficiated as pall-bearers:—William Cullen Bryant,J.H. Bryant, of Illinois, E. Tappan, Dr. Ritter, Mr.Carpenter, Rev. Mr. Jocelyn, Dr. Dexter Fairbanks,and Mr. Davis, a liberated slave. UNERAL OF R. OVEJOY. In the Senate, at Washington, appropriate eulogiesof the deceased were delivered by Messrs. Trumbull,Pomeroy and 8umner; and in the House of Representativesby Messrs. James C. Allen, Stevens, Farnsworth,Pendleton, Pike, Norton, Ashley, Morrill, Odell,Davis, of New York, Grinnell and Arnold. The usualresolutions of respect and condolence were passed. WASHINGTON, March 28. The House appointed aCommittee, consisting of Messrs. Farnsworth, of Illinois,Rice of Maine, and Rose, of Illinois, to superintendthe removal of the remains of Mr. Lovejoy fromBrooklyn, N.Y., to Illinois. ASHINGTON POLITICAL Leonard 8wett, an eminent Illinoislearner, is spoken of as the probable successor of thedeceased Owen Lovejoy. OLITICAL 

 Chancing to take up a fragment of an old copy ofthe Hartford Courant, of 1850, the first paragraphthat met our eyes was the following—printed separately,by itself, to exhibit the monstrous split of theorganization to which it refers:— Courant ☞ The Anti-Slavery Society have passed resolutionsagainst Longfellow on account of his verses infavor of the Union!"—Hartford Courant, Feb. 5, 1850. Hartford Courant To-day the Hartford Courant and these same Anti-Slaverymen ARE ACTING TOGETHER! The Courantis for LINCOLN'S renomination, and so is WILLIAMLLOYD GARRISON, who originated and for twentyyears has proclaimed this motto: Courant INCOLN'S ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON "The Constitution is a covenant with Death, andthe Union is a league with Hell!" These men who passed the resolution against Mr.LONGFELLOW, and who now rejoice in toe bloodyconsummation of their life-long labors for the destructionof the Union, declare with significant and triumphantemphasis that they have not changed! Whohas!—Hartford (Copperhead)Times. ONGFELLOW Whohas Hartford (Copperhead)Times. 

 THE BOUNTY TO COLORED SOLDIERS. Hon. WilliamWhiting, Solicitor of the War Department, hasgiven the following opinion relative to the payment ofbounty to free colored volunteers:— HE OUNTY TO OLORED OLDIERS. The Act of March 3, 1868, "for enroling and callingout the national forces and for other purposes," asamended by the Act approved February 24, 1884, providesthat "all able-bodied male colored persons, betweenthe ages of twenty and forty-five years, resident in theUnited States, shall be enrolled, and shall form part ofthe national forces, and shall be liable to draft. male colored persons enrolled form part ofthe national forces Section 11th of the Act of 1888 provides that all personsthus enrolled, shall, when called into service, beplaced on the same footing in all respects as volunteersfor three years or during the war, including advancepay and bounty as now provided by law. enrolled As these Acts now stand, they provide for threeclasses of colored men: 1. Colored men who have been enrolled and drafted;these being entitled to the advance pay and bounty asprovided for other volunteers. enrolled drafted 2. Slaves of loyal masters who shall have been, orshall be, drafted. drafted. 3. Slaves of loyal masters who shall volunteer, orhave volunteered. In each case, besides the bounty or compensationpaid to the master, the slave is entitled to his freedom. No provision of bounty or pay is made in this Actfor free colored volunteers. for free colored volunteers. Bills are now before Congress, which, if passed, willprovide for the last mentioned class also, bounty andadditional pay. Bills are now before Congress, which, if passed, willprovide for the last mentioned class also, bounty andadditional pay. WILLIAM WHITING,Solicitor of the War Department. Solicitor of the War Department. March 5, 1864. 

 The abolition party has never done anything toassist in putting down the rebellion. The nine hundredthousand volunteers it promised have never beenseen on their way to the seat of war. At every crisis,at every danger, the conservatives have beencalled upon to rally to the good old cause, and theyhave never failed to respond. They will not fail now.They will give Grant the same faith, hope, trust andsupport that they gave to Scott and to McClellan.All that we ask of the Abolitionists is to stand aside,and not to interfere with the work as they have interferedbefore. We ask them to bold their tonguesabout the nigger, to practice their miscegenationschemes in private, to drop their Presidential wires,and to get out of the way of the conservative masses.These are very little sacrifices in comparison withthose which the conservatives have made and areready to make, and we hope that they will not lie refused.We do not appeal to the patriotism of theabolitionists; for they have none. We appeal to alower, but to them a more influential motive. Letthem look at the recent riots at the West Do theyunderstand what these portend? They portend civilwar at the North; and such a civil war will sorelycome if we rush into the mad excitement of a Presidentialelection, before the rebellion is practicallyput down. What would be the results of a Northern civil warat this time? Of course it would secure the successof the rebellion. But, besides that, it would resultin the hanging of Greeley, Garrison, Wendell Phillips,Beecher, George Thompson and other such men, withoutjudge or jury. The Tribune may rant and raveand call us treasonable—"in a new form"—for sayingso; but we appeal to the history of the past, andthe facts of the present, to justify our predictions. Thecopperheads arc fomenting this civil war of the future,as the abolitionists fomented the civil war now raging.Let Horace Greeley examine the files of theTribune, and be will find there the weapons, forgedby his own band, which the copperheads are now usingagainst the government. The curses of the Tribunefanatics are coming home to them in the copperheadconspiracies. We warn these people now, aswe warned them years ago, of the inevitable consequencesof their suicidal folly. Again we ask themto pause in their headlong career, and again we showthem how to retrieve their errors, although, alas!some of the direful results of these errors are new irretrievable.Let them stop talking about Chase orLincoln, or anybody else for the next Presidency.Chase has withdrawn. If Lincoln had a particle ofsense, be would also withdraw. Let Raymond andGreeley save their wrath for the rebels, cease abasingMcClellan—who is a better man and a better patriotthan either of them—and speak of the Northern conservativesrespectfully, or not at all; for we are inperilous times, when hasty words am like torches ina powder magazine.—Bennett's N.Y. Herald. Tribune Tribune Tribune Bennett's N.Y. Herald. 

 STATUN TO HORAON MANN. The status orderedfor the front of the State House in Boston, by thefriends of the late H Mans, has been executedat Rome, by Miss St a young American artistand a  of Cha C It has receivedvery high commendation from competent oration whohave seen it. TATUN TO ORAON ANN.      

 [From Greeley's History of the Rebellion.] Benjamin Lundy deserves the high honor ofranking as the pioneer of direct and distinctive anti-slaveryin America. Many who lived before andcotemporary with him were Abolitionists; but hewas the first of our countrymen who devoted hislife and all his power exclusively to the cause of theslaves. Born in Sussex County, New Jersey, January4, 1789, of Quaker parents, whose ancestorsfor several generations had lived and died in thiscountry, he injured himself, while still a mere boy,by excessive labor on his father's farm, incurringthereby a partial loss of hearing, from which be neverrecovered. Slight in frame and below the commonheight, unassuming in manner and gentle inspirit, he gave to the cause of Emancipation neitherwealth, nor eloquence, nor lofty abilities, for hehad them not; but his courage, perseverance, anddevotion were unsurpassed; and these combined torender him a formidable, though disregarded if notdespised, antagonist to our national crime. Leavinghis father s farm at nineteen years of age, hewandered westward at Wheeling, Virginia, where,during the neat four years, he learned the trade ofa saddler, and gained an insight into the crueltiesand villanies of slaveholding—Wheeling being atthe time a great thoroughfare for negro-traders andtheir prey on their route from Maryland and Virginiato the lower Mississippi. Before he madeWheeling his home, he has spent some time atMount Pleasant, Ohio, whither he returned afterlearning his trade, and remained there two years,during which he married a young woman of likespirit to his own. He then, after a long visit to hisfather in New Jersey, settled at St. Clairsville,Ohio, near Wheeling, and opened a shop, by whichin four years he made about three thousand dollarsabove his expenses, and, with a loving wife and twochildren, be was happy and contented with his lotas any man need be. But the impression made on his mind by his experienceof slavery in Wheeling could not be shakenoff nor resisted. In the year 1815, when twenty-sixyears of age, he organized an anti-slavery associationknown as the "Union Humane Society,"whereof the first meeting was held at his own house,and consisted of but five or six persons. Within afew months, its numbers were swelled to four or fivehundred, and included the best and most prominentcitizens of Belmont and the adjacent counties.Lundy wrote an appeal to philanthropists on thesubject of slavery, which was first printed on the4th of January, 1816, being his twenty-seventh birthday.Short and simple as it was, it contained thegerm of the entire anti-slavery movement. Aweekly journal entitled the Philanthropist was soonstarted at Mount Pleasant by Charles Osborne;and Lundy, at the editor's invitation, contributed toits columns, mainly by selections. In a few monthshe was urged by Osborne to join him in the newspaperenterprise, and finally consented to do so, removingto Mount Pleasant. Meantime he made avoyage to St. Louis in a flat-boat to dispose of hisstock of saddlery. Arriving at that city in the fallof 1819, when the whole region was convulsed bythe Missouri Question, be was impelled to write onthe side then unpopular in the journals of the day.His speculation proved unfortunate—the wholewest, and, indeed, the whole country, being then involvedin a commercial convulsion, with trade stagnantand almost every one bankrupt. He returnedto his home on foot during the ensuing winter, havingbeen absent nearly two years, and lost all hewas worth. Philanthropist Meantime, Osborne, tired of his thankless and profitlessvocation, bad sold out his establishment, and ithad been removed to Jones borough, Tennessee, wherehis newspaper took the title of the Emancipator.Lundy removed as he had proposed to Mount Pleasant,and then started, in January, 1821, a monthlyentitled the Genius of Universal Emancipation.He commenced it with six subscribers, himself ignorantof printing and without materials, having hiswork done at Steubenville, twenty miles distant;traveling thither frequently on foot, and returningwith his edition on his back. Four months later, hehad a very considerable subscription list. Aboutthis time, Elihu Embree, who bad started the Emancipatorin Tennessee, died, and Lundy was urged togo thither, unite the two journals, and print themhimself from the materials of the Emancipator. Heconsented, and made the journey of eight hundredmiles, one half on foot and the rest by water. AtJonesborough he learnt the art of printing, and soonissued a weekly newspaper besides the Genius, anda monthly agricultural work. He removed his familya few months later, and East Tennessee wasthenceforward his home for nearly three years, duringwhich the Genius of Universal Emancipationwas the only distinctively and exclusively anti-slaveryperiodical issued in the United States, constantlyincreasing in circulation and influence. And,though often threatened with personal assault, andonce shut up in a private room with two ruffians,who undertook to bully him into some concession bya flourish of deadly weapons, be was at no timesubject to mob violence or legal prosecution. Emancipator. Genius of Universal Emancipation. Emancipator Emancipator. Genius Genius of Universal Emancipation In the winter of 1883-4. the American Conventionfor the Abolition of Slavery was held in Philadelphia;and Lundy made the journey of six hundredmiles and back on purpose to attend it. Duringhis tour he decided on transferring his establishmentto Baltimore; and in the summer of 1823,knapsack on shoulder, be set out on foot for that city.On the way be delivered, at Deep Creek, NorthCarolina, his first public address against slavery.He spoke in a beautiful grove, near the Friends'meeting-house at that place, directly after divineworship; and the audience were so well satisfiedthat they invited him to speak again in their placeof worship. Before this second meeting adjourned,an anti-slavery society was formed; and he proceededto hold fifteen or twenty similar meetings at otherplaces within that State, in one instance, he spokeat a house-raising; in another, at a militia master.Here an anti-slavery society of fourteen memberswas thereupon formed, with the captain of the militiacompany for its President One of his meetingswas held at Raleigh, the capital. Before be hadleft the State, he had organized twelve or fourteenAbolition Societies. He continued his journeythrough Virginia, holding several Meetings, and organizingsocieties of coarse, not vary numerous,nor composed of she most influential persona. It isprobable that his Quaker brethren supplied himwith introductions from place to place,, and that hismeetings were held at the points where violent oppositionwas least likely to be offered. He reached Baltimore about the first of October,and issued on the 10th, No. 1 of Volume IV. of TheGenius, which continued to be well supported,though receiving little encouragement from Baltimoreitself. A year afterward, it began to be issuedweekly. TheGenius Lundy visited Hayti in the latter part of 1825, inorder to make arrangements there for the receptionof a number of slaves, whose masters were willingto emancipate them on condition of their removalfrom the country—in fact, were not allowed by thelaws of their respective States to free them otherwise.Being detained longer than be had expected,be was met on his retain to Baltimore with tidingsof the death of his wife, after giving birth to twins,and hastened to his dwelling to find it entirely deserted,his fire children having been distributedamong his friends. In that hour of intense affliction,be renewed his solemn vow to devote his entireenergies to the cause of the slave, and to efforts designedto awaken his countrymen to a sense of theirresponsibility and their danger, In 1828 be traveledeastward, lecturing and soliciting subscribers tohis Genius, and calling, in New York, on ArthurTappan, William Goodell, and other anti-slaverymen. At Boston be could bear of do Abolitionists,but made the acquaintance, at his boarding-house,of William Lloyd Garrison, a fellow-boarder, whosoattention had not previously been drawn to theslavery question, but who readily embraced hisviews. He visited successively most of the clergymenof Boston, and induced eight of them, belongingto various sects, to meet him. All of them onexplanation approved his labors, and subscribed forhit periodical; and, in the course of a few days,they aided him to hold an anti-slavery meeting,which was largely attended. At the dose of his remarks,several clergymen expressed a general concurrencein his views. Ha extended his journey toNew Hampshire and Maine, lecturing where hecould, and obtaining some encouragement. Hespoke also in the principal towns of Massachusetts,Rhode Island and Connecticut: and on his homewardroute, traversed the State of New York, speakingat Poughkeepsie, Albany, Lockport, Utica andBuffalo, reaching Baltimore late in October. Genius Lundy made at least one other visit to Hayti, tocolonize emancipated slaves; was beaten nearly todeath in Baltimore by a slave-trader, on whose conductbe had commented in terms which seemed disrespectfulto the profession; was flattered by thejudge's assurance, when the trader came to be triedfor the assault, that be (Lundy) bad got nothingmore than be deserved. He made two long journeysthrough Texas, to the Mexican departmentsacross the Rio Grande, in quest of a suitable locationon which to plant a colony of freed blacks fromthe United States, but without success. He traveledin good part on foot, observing the strictest economy,and supporting himself by working at saddleryand harness-mending from place to place, as circumstancesrequired. Meantime, he had been compelledto remove his paper from Baltimore to Washington;and finally (in 1896) to Philadelphia, whereit was entitled the National Inquirer, and at lastmerged into the Pennsylvania Freeman. His colonizingenterprise took him to Monclova, Comargo,Monterey, Matamoras, and Victoria, in Mexico,and consumed the better part of several years, closingin 1834. He also made a visit to the settlementsin Canada of fugitives from American slavery,to inquire into the welfare of their inhabitants.On the 17th of May, 18S8, at the burning by amob of Pennsylvania Hall—built by Abolitionists,because they could be beard in no other—his littleproperty, consisting mainly of papers, books, clothes,etc., which had been collected in one of the rooms,of that Hall, with a view to his migration westward,was totally destroyed. In July, be started for Illinois,where his children then resided, and reachedthem in the September following. He planted himselfat Lowell, in La Salle county, gathered his offspringabout him, purchased a printing office, andrenewed the issue of his Genius. But in August,1839, be was attacked by a prevailing fever, ofwhich he died on the 22d of that month, in the 51styear of his age. Thus closed the record of one ofthe most heroic, devoted, unselfish, courageous livesthat have ever lived on this continent. National Inquirer Pennsylvania Freeman. Genius. 

 Washington. March 24, 1864. Whereas it has become necessary to define the casesin which insurgent enemies are entitled to the benefitsof the Proclamation of the President of the UnitedStates which won made on the 8th day of December,1863, and the manner in which they shall proceed toavail themselves of these benefits; and whereas theobjects of that Proclamation were to suppress the insurrectionand to restore the authority of the UnitedStates; and whereas the amnesty therein proposedby the president was offered with reference to theseobjects alone: Now therefore, I Abraham Lincoln President ofthe United States do hereby proclaim and declare thatthe said Proclamation does not apply to the once ofpersons who, at the time when they seek to obtain thebenefit thereof by taking the oath thereby prescribedare in military, naval or civil confinement or custody,or under bonds or on parole of the civil, military ornaval authorities or agents of the United States, asprisoners of war or persons detained for offences ofany kind, either before or after conviction; and thaton the contrary it does apply only to these personswho being yet at large and free from any arrest, confinementor duress, shall voluntarily came forward andtake the said oath with the purpose of restoring peaceand establishing the National authority. Priere excluded from the amnesty offered in thelike all other offenders, and their application will receivedue consideration.  I do further declare and proclaim that the oath prescribedin the aforesaid Proclamation of the 8th of December, may be taken and subscribed before anycommissioned officer, civil military or naval, in theservice of the United States, or any civil or militaryofficer of a State or Territory not in insurrection whoby the laws thereof may be qualified for administeringoaths.  All officers who receive such oaths are hereby authorizedto give such certificates thereon to the personsrespectively by whom they are made and suchofficers are hereby required to transmit the originalrecords of such oaths, at as early a day as convenient,to the Department of State, where they will be depositedand remain in the archives of the Government.The Secretary of State will keep a registry theand will on application, in proper cases, issue certificatesof such records in the customary form of officialcertificates.  In testimony whereof. I have hereunto set my hand,and caused the seal of the United States to be aDone at the city of Washington, the 26th dayof March, in the year of our Lord 1864 and of theIndependence of the United Slates the 88th.  ABRAHAM LINCOLN. By the President. WM. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State. M. EWARD Secretary of State. 

 In the Liberator of last week, we announced the deceaseat Salem, Ohio, March 4th, of Capt. JAMES BARNABY,aged 45 years. The last Anti-Slavery Standardcontains an excellent and fitting Discourse deliveredon the occasion of the funeral, by his worthy friendand untiring fellow-laborer in the cause of the slave,MARIUS R. ROBINSON in which a just and eloquenttribute is paid to the character and memory of Capt.Barnaby. Of his Anti-Slavery seal, Mr. R. says:— Liberator AMES ARNABY Anti-Slavery Standard ARIUS OBINSON I need not tell a Salem audience of his devotionto the cause of freedom, and to the slave as therepresentative of that cause. His life is an openvolume, clear and legible to all who knew him. Hegave to this cause the best years of early manhood,and all the energies of his superior mind and loving,noble heart. From the organization of theWestern A.S. Society to his death, except a year ortwo when be was absent from the State, he was amember of its Executive Committee. Much of thegood that the Society accomplished is due to hissears of devoted, faithful labor. In this he gaveevidence that he was an Abolitionist from principle.He gloried in the name when there were fewaround him who dared to whisper it, unless it wascoupled with the laugh of derision, the him of scorn,or the damning prefix "infidel." He was an Abolitionistfor the slave's sake, because be nevercould be otherwise than the considerate friend ofthe wronged and helpless. He was an Abolitionistfor the master's sake, because be abhorred theiniquity of slavery, and would save the sinner fromhis guilt. He was an Abolitionist for religion's sake,for he loathed the hypocrisy and pitied the moral,blindness that could cant of love to God while brutalizinghis image m bit helpless children. Ha wasan Abolitionist for his country's take, for be believedthe supreme law of justice could not be violatedwith impunity by nation, more than by individuals—that no human combination could make crime successful. Of this troth our nation gives bloody evidence today.In time past it framed iniquity by law. Itcrushed the poor and needy by statute, and whileproclaiming the rights and equality of men in declarationsand constitutions, said the mother and herbabe apart on the auction-block. Here was a combinationin defiance of justice, more powerful thanthe world had ever known. The most mighty ofnations gave it the support of in power, while thegreat mass of the churches and ministers. Windedby prejudice, besotted by gain, or cringing; for popularity,with solemn countenance and up-liftedhands, blessed the monstrous, bloody crime. ButGod's laws moved steadily on to their own vindication.Retribution claimed her own of justice. Thisconspiracy against humanity was scattered in fragmentsby that vary selfishness with which they hadthought to sustain and perpetuates it forever. Andnow the nation, taught by the sacrifice of the millionsof treasures she had  the slave,by the blood of thousands of her sons claim in battle—skin by the men whose crime she had preparedand shared—is now, thank God, doing works meetfor repentance; slow to learn, bat yet learningrighteousness. The Church, too. it learning, for theno longer Messes the muter. She prays for theslave, end sends to the Freedmen her gospel andher alms. Thus b wisdom justified of her children.  Our friend was not only an Abolitions, but hevindicated the idea in its moot radical application.When upon our little abolition streamer thaw wordswere inscribed which declare the true policy of freedom—" NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS"—andwhen this declaration was greeted with the shriekof horror or the howl of rage from all ports of theland, he stepped forward as firmly and calmly tothat standard for in defence, as be baa now descendedto the grave. An act of higher, nobler heroismit was than when, to meet the later exigencies ofthe strife, he buckled on his sword for the bloodyfight But bow signally n troth vindicated! Wellmay he sleep in peace, his work well done. Wellmay all the noble self-sacrificed who have fallen inthe battle rest content with their glory, now that thismotto, upborn by black troops and white, leads oararmy along the whole line, from Carolina to MexicoWell may the old Abolitionists who remaingird themselves anew for whatever work is left,when it has come to pass that no man can hope toreach the Presidential chair, except, as the declarationof his future policy, be has engraved upon hisforehead, as with the pea of iron and the upon hisdiamond, "NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS!" O NION WITH LAVEHOLDERS  O NION WITH LAVEHOLDERS Yes, the inscription for the tomb of our brother,most expressive or the benevolence and heroism ofhis character, of the parity of his patriotism andthe strength of his principles will be, HERE RESTSAN ABOLITIONIST. ERE RESTSAN BOLITIONIST. " Saw ye not the wheels of fire,And the steed that deft the wind?Saw ye not his soul aspire,When his mantle dropped behind?    "Ye who caught it as it fell,Bind that mantle round your breast,So in you his meekness dwell,So on you his spirit rest.    "Yet, rejoicing in his lot.Still shall memory love to weepO'er the venerable spotWhere his precious relics sleep."    

 The failure of the President's scheme of colonizationof the Freedmen in Central America, does not surprisethose who have given the most thought to the considerationsinvolved in the enterprise. The colonists havebeen brought back by the government Some fiftyperished of disease, and all suffered more or less. Thecost of the experiment was about #86,000. The Secretaryof the Interior gracefully acknowledges the valueof the lesson thus learned by experience. He says, "But little disposition, so far as the Department isconcerned, has been manifested by the freedmen of theUnited States to leave the land of their nativity. Idoubt if it be any just cause of regret. Time and experience,which have already taught us so much wisdomand produced so many consequent changes, willin the end also solve this question for us." We shall hear no more, we trust, of the foolish notionof exporting needed labor from our country. The bestthing that government can do for the Freedmen is togive them an opportunity to work, and then to let themalone. Taking care of the negro is the worst thingthat can be done for him. He has suffered from toomuch of that in times past. 

 The New York Metropolitan Record, "A CatholicFamily Paper," of the moat rabid Copperhead type,seditiously says:— Metropolitan Record "We recommend to the earnest consideration ofthose who still suppose the South can be conquered,the eloquent and thrilling address of the GeneralAssembly of Virginia, that grand and gallant commonwealth,the mother of States and or statesmen,the birth-place of Washington, of Lee, and of Jackson.The defiant tone in which it treats of the effortsto enslave the people of the South, and the eloquentlanguage of denunciation in which it ratersto the barbarous system of warfare pursued by theminions of the Washington despot, will meet withan echo in the heart of every man who loves justiceand hates oppression. We trust in God we shallnever are the day on which the glorious old commonwealthwill be subdued, and given ever to thespoiler and the plunderer; to the Butlers and theSchencks; to the licensed burglar and incendiary,incited and encouraged of "the best Governmenton the face of the earth." As to the freedom and independence of the Southwe have no apprehensions. Her people can neverbe conquered, and, if that were possible AbrahamLincoln it net the man to accomplish that subjugation. Her people can neverbe conquered, and, if that were possible AbrahamLincoln it net the man to accomplish that subjugation. The address of the Virginia Assembly is a proofthat the resolution which animated Virginia allthrough this war is as unbroken as ever; that thereis no faltering, no wavering. In the eloquent wordsof this great document," VIRGINIA TAKES NO STEPBACKWARD." IRGINIA TAKES NO STEPBACKWARD. * * * Grand old State, mar we never see theday when you shall have to bow beneath the yokeof the oppressor! If that day should ever come,then will the friends of freedom, the lovers of trueheroism and manhood, mourn over the sad fate of agreat people, who fell while fighting for liberty andindependence; fell on the same soil that gave birth toWashington, to one whose name should have beensufficient to save the great commonwealth from thetread of the heartless invader." —Such is the spirit of a journal that will zealouslysupport McClellan for President Having decidedthat the rebels never can and never should beconquered, it wants a man at the head of affairswho it is certain will never conquer them. 

 CRUELTY TO A SLAVE IN RICHNMOND. It will beseen by the following that slavery is not dead yet,though some of its victims are almost: RUELTY TO A LAVE IN ICHNMOND. During the session of the Mayor's Court on Saturdaymorning, a young German, giving His nameas Charles F. Reese, called officer Kelly out of thecourt-room, and showing him a small, black negro girl,told him he wanted her taken into custody for stealinghis pocket-book. Seeing from her drooping look that the girl was sufferingfrom some cause, Kelly asked her what was thematter. She told him that she was almost dead; thatReese had beaten her almost to death. On examination,he found that she had been literally cat to pieceswith a cowhide from the heels to the top of her head.There was not a square inch of her body which wasnot bruised and gashed in the most horrible manner,and blood was trickling even from her head. Kellyasked Reese why he had beaten the negro in that manner?Reese said she had stolen his pocket-book, andhe was determined to whip her until she confessedwhat she had done with it; that after whipping her tothis extent, she had said she gave it to a free negro, butthe free negro had never seen her before, and that hewanted Kelly to whip her again. Kelly brought both parties before the Mayor, who,having heard the circumstances, committed Reese tojail for future examination, and ordered a physician tobe sent for to see the girt. Kelly took the girl to theupper watch-house, and called la a physician, who orderedher to be stimulated and kept comfortable. Upto last evening, though repeatedly dosed with whiskey,she had laid in an almost insensible condition, and hadoften nothing. The girl is about ten or eleven years of ago, and saysshe belongs to Mrs. Davis.—Richmond Whig 7th. Richmond Whig th. 

 It is no secret that General Fremont and manyof his friends think that be baa been unfairly treatedby the Administration; that his opportunities ofmilitary distinction have been systematically baffled;and whatever explanation the General himselfmight give, it is very tore that his ardent personalfriends attribute his treatment so politicaljealousy. It is the same feeling that the immediatefriends of General M'CLELLAN indulge in regardto him, and it is a question which will never be settledto the satisfaction of either side. LELLAN We observe that some Union men, who, likethe German-American Club of the SeventeenthWard in this city, are resolved that under no circumstanceswill they support Mr. LINCOLN'S reelection,are disposed to erect the name of Fremontas candidates in any ease; and a journal,recently established, attacks the Government withthe fury of the moat malignant Copperhead writers,and plainly points to FREMONT as its candidate,while the chuckling Copperheads warmly applaudthe "FREMONT diversion." INCOLN'S REMONT REMONT Now FREMONT has been a charmedit stood for unswerving fidelity to Liberty, to theUnion; and to suggest that it could be used as arallying-cry to divide Union men, after they had deliberatelyliterately decided who was to bear their standard,is insulting both to the General and to his friends.No candidate has any prescriptive right to the nomination.The field in clear; and it is of transcendentimportance that the question of fitness shall bethoroughly discussed in every ease. That GeneralFREMONT may choose to try the popular confidencein his name, so far as to await the action of the Convention,is very probable. But that a man, who hasbeen, so truly respected, and who, when he was acandidates, was so faithfully supported by as earnesta body of men as ever voted, will permit hisname to be need in any manner whatever as a menace—that he will allow any consideration number ofperson to declare either that the national Conventionmust nominate him or same  candidateswith his  or that he will take the fieldas an independent candidate, we no more believethan we should believe any other imputation uponhis perfect patri—Harper's Wy. REMONT REMONT    Harper's Wy.  

 GEN. KILPATRICK AT A SLAVE AUCTION. Theincident which is given below is reported to have occurredwhile General Kilpatrick was on his recentraid:— EN. ILPATRICK AT A LAVE UCTION. The command had got to Fredericksburg, and waspassing along, when its attention was arrested by abell, and upon looking in the direction indicated bythe sound, they found an auction about to go on.They cautiously approached the place, and foundfive negroes about to be bartered. The auctioneercommenced his sale and said, "Who bids?" WhereuponKilpatrick stopped out and said, "I bid." Thescene can be better imagined titan described. Sufficeit to say, too "colud b'hoys " were brought into ourlines, and will, I think, ever remember the gallantGeneral who bid for them. 

 The letter of Mr. CHASE, in which he  thatno further consideration be given to his name as aPresidential candidate, will surprise no one who haswatched his patriotic course. The Presidency couldnot win him a higher honor them that of the masterlymanagement of the national treasury duringthis war; and it is to the universal conviction ofhis great fitness for the office in fills, and the doubtwhere an adequate successor could be found, thatmuch of the reluctance of the popular response tohis nomination wee to be attributed. Himself anessential part of the Administration which is nowupon trial before the county, it could hardly besupposed that be seriously differed from its generalpolicy, or that an Administration of which be shouldbe the head would radically change that policy.While, therefore, be agreed open the whole, it wascertainly wiser to do as he has done. HASE  Whatever honors mar yet await bin, Mr. CHASEwill be known in our history atone of the most eminentof the leaden who early saw and always resistedthe mortal peril which menaced the AmericanUnion and human civilization from the essentialcharacter of the spirit which, now seeks its overthrow.Called into a vitally important responsibilityin the Government when the struggle began, hehas fulfilled it with singular ability. Nor will it benamed among the least of his dams lathe permanentregard of his countrymen that, is the midst ofthe great war, he saw so dearly the necessity of devotingevery energy and effort to the suppression ofthe rebellion, that be would not allow any preferenceof his friends for his personal advantage toperplex the great issue. It would have bean hisduty to do so, however, and be felt that the publicsafety was imperiled. HASE We differ entirely from those who regret his withdrawalupon the ground that every man's candidacyshould remain open until the nomination. Weare to deal with facts, and the fact is that the Unioncandidate will certainly be one of three or four conspicuousgentlemen already indicated. If therewere comparative unity of reeling—if, surrenderingminor points of difference and criticism, the Unionparty of the nation could move forward to the electionas the Union party of Mew Hampshire latelydid to that of Governor GILMORE, and as that ofConnecticut will, on the 4th of April, to that ofGovernor BUCKINGHAM—would it not be infinitelybetter for the country and the cause than the ardentdebate upon various candidates is likely to be? ILMORE UCKINGHAM It is upon that ground, unquestionably, that Mr.CHASE baa withdrawn, and for that reason hiscoarse will command the sincerest public approval.—Harper's Weekly. Harper's Weekly. 

 SAN FRANCI, March 25. The State Conventionorganized at Sacramento yesterday by theelection of William. H. Sears as Chairman, by 45 majorityover W.H. Parks, the anti-Conness> candidate.The whole vote cast was 257. To-day the Conventionunanimously adopted resolutions p theNational Administration, declaring Mr. Lincoln itsfirst choice for next President, and endorsing Messrs.Conness, Higby, Shannon and Colt, of the Californiadelegation in Congress. AN RANCI   A separate resolution in memory of Rev. T. StarrKing was adopted by a standing vote, all the membersrising from their seats In silence. ☞The rebel General Forrest has made a bolddash across the State of Kentucky to the Ohio river,attacking and burning a part of the city of Paducah,but getting severely punished in the affair, having, itis reported 900 killed and 1,000 wounded. It appearsthat he then retreated via May field, and although saidto be in a crippled condition, he was at last accountsreported marching on Clinton, and Columbus wasthought to be th  Union City, T with a force of 400 Federalswho occupied it, has also been captured by therebels.  ☞I the English House of Commons. Mr. Roebuckhas made another violent attack, upon the governmentof the United States, declaring that he wouldhe glad "if American shipping were swept from the" Mr. Bright remarked that R speechwas unworthy of any member of the House.    ☞ Senator McDougall, that away  hasintroduced receives into the Senate, the adoption ofwhich would be a declaration of war against France.They'll be placed on the table, and should be placedunder it,— the place from which they would  tohave proceeded after dinner.—Traveller.  Senate  Traveller. ☞ Jeff. Davis has appointed a Fast for the 8th ofApril. We don't care how many F he may so that he shall have no ion to proclaim aT—Traveller.     Traveller. 

 Next to the rebels, we know of no class whosedilemmas are more numerous or deplorable thanthose of the Copperheads. We give a sample. 1.Unless they can pass for Democrats, they haveno party, but— 2.If they try to peas for Democrats, the partywon't have them. 3.Unless they combine with the reh is, neithercan succeed, but—  4. If the rebels succeed, they can no longer combinewith them. 5.So long as the Union cause triumph, they cannever rule the country, but— 6. When the Union cause foils, there will he socountry to rule. 7.Before fighting, they would seek a disunionpeace, but— 8.Before getting a disunion peace, they must fightthe Unionists. 9. Fence to them means peace with those who arefighting against the Union, and war with those whoare fighting for it, but— 10. They find it coats more "knocks" to fight thecountry's friends, that it would to subdue its ies.  11.They believe in all the rights of man, especiallyin his right to own men, but— 12.They oppose "Woman's rights," particularlythe right of a black woman to bar chastity and herchildren. 13. They favor the largest liberty, to wit: the libertyof a State to secede in order to promote slavery,but— 14. They oppose insurrection and rebellion, especiallythe rebellion of the Federal governmentagainst the supremacy of the slave States. 15.They sympathies with the conservative effortsof Jefferson Davis to preserve the "Union as itwas, and the Constitution as it is," but— 16. They believe all the acts which Abraham Lincolnhas done, can do, or ever may do, to maintainthe Union, are unconstitutional and revulutionrpations.   17.They would colonize all soldiers of color, but— 18.They do not believe in colonizing the Vallandighamswho desert their colors. 19.They fear abolition lest it may lead to amalgamation,but— 20. They like slavery because it compels amalgamation. 21.They believe that God baa made the negrotheir inferior, but— 22.They fear abolition will make hint their superior. 23.They knew McClellan to be opposed to thewar, or they would not nominate him, but— 24.They want him to carry on the war, becausehe is opposed to its being earned on. 25. They pretend to believe that McClellan madewar on the rebels, but— 24. They want him to carry on the war, becausehe is opposed to its being carried on. 25. They pretend to believe that McClellan madewar on the rebels, but— 26. They republish his official report as a campaigndocument to show how successfully he made war onthe Administration. 27. To requires rebels to swear to support the Constitutionand laws, before voting, is to infringe theright of suffrage but— 28. To prevent volunteers who are fighting for theUnion from voting is to sustain the right of suffrage. 29. They deny that the civilization of the Northis superior to that of the South, but— 30. This involves the admission either that had asare the rebels, the Copperheads are no better, orelse that the Copperheads enjoy no share of Northerncivilization. 31. The above facts tend to show that this is acontest not between States, communities or institutions,but between all the depravity of the humanheart, on the can side, and what the cash organsopenly sooff at as "God and humanity," on the other.—Chicago Tribune.  Chicago Tribune. 

 We sadly record the death of our valued friend, Dr.JAMES L. Peirce, aged 33 years, son of Cyrus and RuthPeirce, of Bristol, Bucks Co., Pa. The attraction qualities which adorned the character ofthe descended were appropriately dwelt upon at his funeral;which took place from his father's residence, March 10thby several speakers, among when was that truly greatwoman, Lucretia Mott. The life of Dr. Peirce was emphaticaltyone of duty. Loving truth, he desired its diffusion,untrammeled by the popular religious creeds anddegree of the sets. His unfettered spirit in its parityand freedom, accomplished faith in God by deeds. Not by the"logic of events," but from conviction an Abolitionist;to that conviction ever faithful. Sterling integrity of charactercombined with great suavity of manner, secured theesteem and admiration of all classes in the community inwhich he lived. His life numbered by years, was short;but, "We live in deeds, not years; in thought, not breath;In feelings, not figures on the dial:we should count time by heart-thebe when they beatFor God for man for duty. No most lives,Who thinks most feels noblest, acts the best." T.S. We are poised to hear of the sudden death of our friendMorton Pennock, of Kennett Square, Pa. He was in thevery prime of life and represented and believed by all whoknew him. His death is a less, not only to his foundryand intimate friend but to the community in which helived. The stricken window and her fatherless children willhave the warm sympathy of their friend in this trying willhour—Anti slavery Standard. Anti slavery Standard. 

 ☞ Jefferson, who was a fair-minded man as wellas a philosopher, said in his works, vol. 8, page 206"The opinion that the colored race are inferior inthe faculties of reason and imagination must be hazardedwith great diffidence." But our modern Capperheadshave none of Jefferson's diffidence. Theybellow their contempt of the colored race with brasonlungs. 

 GEORGE THOMPSON, or ENGLAND, NGLAND, The Orator of Freedom, the  ofJohn Bright and Richard  in the  of Americaninstitutions, will, by  deliver an Address inthe Academy of Music, Philadelphia, on Monday evening,April 4, at 8 o'clock—the act proceeds to go to the benefitof the  and Union Refreshment Saloons.      Subject: "An Englishman's  for Democratic Freedom."  Admission, 25cents; National Union Club; the Union League; National Union Club; SupervisoryCommittee Rooms, No. 1210 chemist street;  earnerof Sixth and Chemut streets; Anti-Slavery Rooms, street, above Arch: at the Box office of the Academy andat the Refreshment Saloons.     

 The London correspondent of the Cincinnati Gazettesays: Gazette I had the pleasure of a long conversation withJohn Bright the other day, who holds the most unalterablefaith in the near approach of the end ofthe rebellion. He is also very warm in his desirefor Mr. Lincoln's re-election—thinks it would producea grand effect in England; by convincing thepeople of solid purpose of the American people;and quoted the words of a distinguished friend ofthe Southerner, a member of the House of Commons,that such re-election, would be the heaviest blowthat the North could inflict on the South. He doesnot care much for the criticisms on Mr. Lincoln'sslowness, though he admits that a change of cabinetshould be demanded: for the rest he says, "Mr.Lincoln is like a waiter in a large eating-house,where all the bells are ringing at once; he cannotserve all at once, and so some grumblers are to beexpected." It may not have been generally knownthat it was through the influence of Mr. Bright thatyoung Rubbery, taken among those who were goingout on the ship Chapman at San Francisco asprivateers, was pardoned. The family lives at Birmingham.One of the daughters was consideredhopelessly insane, and had been so several months;but on hearing that Mr. Lincoln had pardoned herbrother, she began to recover, and is now nearlywell. Mr. Bright was much amused by a letter hehad just received from a confederate in London,who, wishing to go to the House of Commons, wroteto him for an order of admission. Mr. Bright senthim the order, and said, "Though I am against thisrebellion, I am not against you of the South; onthe contrary, it is as much for your sakes as for thatof others, that I wish to see your efforts to break upthe republic, and your criminal institution, crushed." crushed. 

 AARON M. POWELL will address meeting atGraville N.Y., Saturday, April 2.  Table  Table  

 Not many days since, a New York paper made agratuitous attack upon George Thompson, in whichhe was represented as having no legitimate claim upon the gratitude of the American people. The Rev.J.H. Rylance, formerly of London, now Rector ofSt. Paul's, Cleveland, Ohio, thereupon addressed aletter to the editor, from which we will take an extract.After noticing the formation of a society inEngland, which spent large sums of money in behalfo the American cause, producing thereby a greatchange in the public opinion of the country, Mr.Rylance says:  "Now, if the American people be disposed toaward no higher acknowledgment to these effortsthan that they were friendly, to that extent Mr.George Thompson merits their kindliest recognition;for he bore, far beyond all comparison, the lion's sharein the work. The inspiration of the occasion madethe man young again, and be almost flew throughoutEngland and Scotland to dispel ignorance, to subdueprejudice, to combat malice, that thus he mightbring the good-will and sympathy of the British peopleto the aid of America in the hour of her greatneed. he bore, far beyond all comparison, the lion's sharein the work. What I wish especially to be observed in this connectionis, that he did this not merely because he wasan abolitionist; for Mr. Thompson had the sagacityto see, very early in the struggle, that human freedomwas only one among the many solemn intereststhreatened by the rebellion; so that he climbed ahigher platform, and lost merely party views andaims in a generous enthusiasm to sustain the Americangovernment, not doubting that, in issue of thewar, the one great interest for which he had livedand labored would be found redeemed and consecratedby the fierce sacrament of blood. he did this not merely because he wasan abolitionist Had your many readers been witnesses with meof George Thompson's labors—how he sometimesdragged himself from a sick-bed, and cheerfullytraveled hundreds of miles to address meetingswhich no other man could away with such surpassingeloquence and power, and all this without a centof reward; had they seen, as I have, vast assembliesrise under his appeals to demand that rebelram-building should be stopped; then I am surethere would be no lack of honor to the noble manbe, whether the American people evinces their esteemfor such a man or not, one thing is sure—therebels and their friends in England dread him morethan any other man in Europe; and perhaps this isthe higher compliment of the two." all this without a centof reward dread morethan any other man in Europe In this connection we copy an extract from HenryWard Beecher's welcome to Mr. Thompson, as expressedthrough the Independent: Independent The eloquent man who, many, years ago, came tospeak to a free people concerning their freedom—and whose single and constant speech was the samethen as now—ought to have been heeded then, as heis applauded now. Had this been so, the orator, insteadof having lately helped to save as from a warwith England, would have earlier saved us from thewar with ourselves. George Thompson, advocatingin England in 1864 the cause of the Union, was notmore our friend than while advocating in Americain 1834 the cause of freedom. We acorn the littleness of speech which still comesfrom a few pens and tongues, decrying an Englishman,who opens his mouth in this country, as an intermeddlerwith out affairs. The cause of liberty isas universal as Human Nature; and no man whoserves among her knight-errantry, come from whateverland or clime he will, is a foreigner or an alien.If liberty in Italy may ask the sympathy of an Americanfor Garibaldi in prison, so liberty in Americamay ask the eloquence of an Englishman for the negroin chains. John Bright is an Englishman: butif he were to come to this country, would we not givehim a hearing? But John Bright has publicly saidthat British Emancipation owes to George Thompsonmore than to any other man. American Emancipationowes him something as well. He is part ofthe salt that gives savor to the proclamation of AbrahamLincoln. To George Thompson, therefore, whocomes for the third time to our shores, expecting nowto spend the remainder of his days here, we give ahearty welcome—not as an Englishman, nor as to bean American—but as a brave and true man who,proudly claiming both countries, is proudly claimedof both. Nothing could show more clearly the change ofpublic opinion in this country than the hearty welcomeof Mr. George Thompson, from England, Hewas the best thoroughly hated man in Americatwenty-five years ago; but his services for our causein England during the last three years have justlyearned for him the sincere good-will with which heis now greeted. His earlier practical acquaintancewith this country had taught him in the roughest waythe true spirit and power of the insurrection, and hehas been able to speak with a force of knowledgethat no other Englishman possessed. He has beenone of the brave band, among which we honor thenames of John Bright, Professor Cairns, Gold winSmith, Stuart Mill, Cobden, and the rest, who haveas sturdily resisted the opposition of British publicopinion as he formerly withstood the stress of ourown. Twenty-five years ago, for instance, GeorgeThompson was hunted and mobbed in Boston. Thisyear he has been received in that city by the Governorof the State, with tumults of welcome, and withall the hospitality that the public could offer. Andamong the pleasant and remarkable events of theevening was the call by the Governor, after all thespeeches and the shouting, for three cheers for theQueen of England—the same Governor, who, twoyears ago, took very strong ground in the same cityupon the Trent trouble. It was well and worthilydone. The people of this country certainly do notseriously wish any war with England, however intenseand bitter the feeling against her in individualcases may be. England and the United States arenaturally friends, for this reason, if for no other, thatthey are the great illustrations and defenders of constitutionalliberty in the largest sense. We may andmust believe, in this country, that the necessary developmentof that liberty will gradually modify andeliminate the aristocratic form of government; andthey will perhaps suppose that ours must become astrong government. Trent As the military aspect of our public affairs becomesmore composed, it is easy to see that our attentionmust be concentrated upon internal question entirelynow and practically difficult. We wish, therefore,to be friends, as much as may be, with the wholeworld. There is really no reason why we should notbe, unless the French conquest of Mexico should compeltrouble. And to this great consummation of publictranquility, nothing an  contributes as theintelligent influence of every citizen. It is easy, butnot very wise, to  incntly at John Bull. Certainly,this Easy Chair arias  John can anddoes mere at us, an Punch has fully proved. Poorold Punch! Let us hope it may recover some of itsold spirit, and torn its laugh upon the enemies andnot upon the friends of human progress and popularrights.     Punch Punch It does not follow indeed that we are to embraceevery thing English, nor suppose that her changedattitude toward us is really a change of heart. Nationsdo not have that kind of relation with each other.We, especially, have never been famous for it.It is a cardinal point of war policy not to have it. Ifany people strike far liberty or a republic, anywherein the world, we simply touch our hats, and make avague general bow. As for actual assistance, materialaid, recognition, and the other stem so gratefulunder such circumstances, they are the very stepsthat we most carefully do not take. But that is intelligible.The footing of nations is that of acquaintances,not of friends. We are in no danger of cherishingany romantic election far England, or France,or Russia: but that is no reason why we should defyand distrust them. Perhaps when we are all gone,and the story of our times is more dispassionatelytold, it will appear that we had given grave reasonfor the general apathy, or even joy, which attendedour extremity. Meanwhile we are very glad of thecordial welcome which Mr. Thompson received, andhope that it may be understood in England as thesign of national amity.—Harper's Magazine. Harper's Magazine. 

 HENRY C. WRIGHT will lecture inRutland, Vt., Friday evening, April 1.Granville, N.Y. Sunday, April 3, all day and evening.Easton, N.Y., Sunday, April 10, all day and evening. Subjects: Compromise—or, What God bath put asunder,1st not man put together; The American Republic—itsOrigin, mission and Destiny;—The Robellions—its Origin,its Objects, and its Result;—Man above his   

 It is a most unexpected as well as a very sad task toannounce the death of that stalwart friend of the slave,and indomitable champion of universal liberty, Hon.OWEN LOVEJOY, Member of Congress from the FifthIllinois District, at Brooklyn, N.Y., on Friday nightlest We knew, indeed, that be had been ailing forsome time past; but we bad neither seen nor receivedany intimation that he was deemed to be in a criticalsituation. His departure will take the whole countryby surprise, and be deeply deplored by millions. WEN OVEJOY Ever since the murder of his brother Rev. ELIJANP. LOVEJOY, at Alton, Illinois, in 1887, for attemptingto publish an Anti-Slavery journal in that place,OWEN LOVEJOY has had the mantle of the martyrresting upon him; and he has worn it with a courageand devotion worthy of the sacred cause of impartialand universal freedom. His biography, if written,and if justice be done to his memory, will present arecord of moral heroism, physical endurance, and determinedpurpose in the service of the oppressed,through all kind, of perils and fearful liabilities arisingfrom mobocratic outbreaks and slaveholding devices,worthy to be handed down to posterity. LIJAN OVEJOY WEN OVEJOY Of all the Northern Representatives in Congresswho, prior to the rebellion, dared to confront the hotspursof the South in their attempts to vindicate,extend and perpetuate their hellish slave system, andto meet their bluster and bullying in a manly and fearlessspirit, no one since the days of John QuincyAdams has been no conspicuous as himself; and noone has been so hated and anathematized by those hotspurs.It was almost a miracle that he escaped assassination,from session to session. A few weeks ago, we received the following letterfrom Mr. Lovejoy, written not for publication but forour private perusal; but, now that lie has been summonedto a higher sphere, we deem its publicationcreditable to his head and heart—especially when hestates his determination to move in his place in theHouse, "if able to be in seat against," to strike outthe prescriptive word "white" as a qualification forvoting—and his congratulatory reference to GEORGETHOMPSON, Esq., whom be hopes to have the pleasureof seeing in Washington, and introducing him to PresidentLincoln. EORGE HOMPSON WASHINGTON, (D. C) Feb. 22,1864. ASHINGTON DEAR FRIEND GARRISON:— EAR RIEND ARRISON I write you, although ill health compels me to do itby the hand of another, to express to you my gratificationat the position you have taken in reference toMr. Lincoln. I am satisfied, as the old theologiansused to say in regard to the world, that if he is notthe best conceivable President, be is the best possible.I have known something of the facts inside duringhis administration, and I know that he has been justas radical as any of his Cabinet. And although bedoes not do everything that you or I would like, thequestion recurs, whether it is likely we can elect aman who would. It is evident that the great mass ofUnionists prefer him for reelection; and it seems tome certain that the providence of God, during anotherterm, will grind slavery to powder. I believe nowthat the President is up with the average of the,House. You will notice that the House paid the hundreddollars to the master instead of the slave. And youwill have noticed, perhaps, also, that Henry WinterDavis has made a report in reference to Arkansas,where be has put in the word " white" as a qualificationfor voting. It is my purpose, (by the way.) if Iam ever able to be in my seat again, to move to amendby striking out the word " white." And, if possible,I mean to bring the House to a vote on it, and letthem confront the question face to face. Recurring to the President, there are a great manyreports concerning him which seem to be reliable andauthentic, which, after all, are not so. It was currentlyreported among the anti-slavery men of Illinois,that the Emancipation Proclamation was extorted fromhim by the outward pressure, and particularly by thedelegation from the Christian Convention that metat Chicago. Now, the fact is this, as I had it fromhis owe lips. He had written the Proclamation in thesummer, as early as June, I think,—but will not becertain as to the precise time,—and called his Cabinettogether, and informed them that he bad written it,and be meant to make it; but wanted to read it tothem for any criticism or remarks as to its features ordetails. After having done so, Mr. Seward suggestedwhether it would not be well for him to withhold itspublication until after we had gained some substantialadvantage in the field, as at that time we had metwith many reverses, and it might be considered a cryof despair. He told me he thought the suggestion awise one, and so held on to the Proclamation until afterthe battle of Antietam. I mention this as a sample of a great many others.—But I am wandering from my purpose, which wassimply to tell you bow much pleasure your positiongives me. I am also very glad to see that Mr. Thompson, ofEngland, speaks la friendly terms of the President.It I were acquainted with him, I would write andthank him also; and I hope you will say so to him.I congratulate him and the country on the changewhich has taken piece in relation to slavery since hevisited us before, and hope I may have the pleasureof seeing him hi Washington during the session ofCongress; and will be glad to introduce him to thePresident. I have also to thank you for sending me the Liberator.Daring the past sessions, when pro-slaveryismwas in the ascendant, I used to read your articles torenew and strengthen my faith. Liberator. Very truly yours, OWEN LOVEJOY. WM. LLOYD GARRISON. M. LOYD ARRISON. 

 AT very moderate —$85, $100, $110, $130, $145,$200, and upward, according to number of Steps andstyle of case. T  They are elegant as pieces of furniture, occupying littlespace, are not liable to get out order, and every one iswarranted for five years. Introduced about a year since manufactured evasivelyby MASON &HAMLIN, HAVE  with unprotectedin the history of musical instrument. Supplyinga long-felt want, they have been received with thegreatest pleasure by the musical profession and the lie, and have already been very widely introduced and thedemand for them is still rapidly  and must continuesto increase as their merits schools, and smaller church,all that the larger pipe organs are to large churches. Inaddition of ular as well as  music.        The Cabinet Organ is essentially different from and a verygreat improvement upon all instrument of the Mor Harmonium kind. Its superior  inmany important characteristics among which are:   1. The more organ-like character of its tones. indeedit is asserted with confidence that it has not yet been foundpossible to produce a better quality of tone from pipes thanis attained in these organs. 2. It has greatly more power and volume of tone in proportionto its   3. By the employment of a very simple and beautiful inventionits capacity for expression is made vastly greaterthan has ever before been attained in such instruments.This invention is specially valuable , because  anypractice is necessary to rounder it available. Any ordinaryperformer can master it in an hour or two.  4. It admits of great rapidly of  adapting itto the performances of a great variety of lively  music.   5. No instrument is less liable to get out of order. 6. It will remain in tune ten times as long as a planeforte. It may be reasonably said, that if these instrumentshave the great and  superiority thus claimed forthem they must have received very warm from professional musician who would naturally bemost interested in the introduction of such instruments,and who are the best judge of their excellence. Such recommendationalready have been given  to an extentunparalleled.    Among these who have proffered written testimony totheir admirable qualities and great desirability and thatthey regard them as uqualled by any other instrumentof their , are such well-known musicians as LowellMasses, Themes Hastings, William B. Bradbury GeorgeF. Root, &c.; the most distinguished rganists in the countryas  of Trinity Church, N.Y., Morgan of church, Zdel of Mr. Boucher's church, Bram, WoolsWilcox, Tuckerman Zerrahn, &c,: such celebrated painlessas Gottschalk, Wm. Mason Mill,  Starkest,etc.: in brief, more than two hundred musicians includinga large portion of the most eminent in the country, havetestified to this effect. Each Cabinet Organ is relyxed, so that it can be ly to any part of the try            ILLISTRATED CATALOGUS, with full particulars,free to any address. WREROOMS, 274 Washington Street, Boston,7 More or Street, New York.MASON &HAMLIN. REROOMS, Feb.26—  

 GEORGE THOMPSON AT WASHINGTON. As we havealready announced, Mr. Thompson will address thecitizens of Washington en the evening of the fish inst,by special invitation of leading members of both hewnof Congress, as well as of the Lecture Association inthat dry. For the important services be has renderedour Government since the rebellion broke out, hedeserves a handsome and generous reception. Theproceeds of his lecture, after defraying expanses, areto be distributed among the destitute families of theDistrict of Columbia soldiers. It is humiliating to seethat a motion by Mr. Ashley of Ohio, to grant the hallof the Hones of Representatives for this laudable purposehas been d by a vote of 68 to 40. Surely,this cannot be the final action of the House. EORGE HOMPSON AT ASHINGTON.  

 ROOM No. 3, BOSTON. OOM UP STAINS, BOSTON. P TAINS,  TO  Hon. H. W Dr. D. RUSSELL.,   USSELL.,  ☞particular attention given to the  saleand exchange of Farms; also to the sale and letting ofHours and  in the city    March 11.  

 On Monday evening the 28th ult., Mr. Thompsonaddressed the citizens of Worcester, in the speciousand elegant Mechanic's Hall. The meeting was calledto order by Judge Chapin, who introduced thespeaker of the evening in a brief but eloquent addressHe said: Ladies and Gentleman:—It is now nearly thirtyyears since the gentleman who is to address us thisevening gave to some of us our early lessons uponthe question of human slavery. He spoke of thegreat principles of the Declaration of Independence,and of the true idea of freedom in America in a manorwhich touched the souls of many of his hearers.The nation was blind to the poison which was underminingits institutions, and the prophets of the nowepoch which was dawning upon the world were eitherheard with indifference or cast out with violence.Probably this country never witnessed such displaysof resistless logic and burning eloquence as characterizedthe early days of the anti-slavery discussion,when the cool epigrammatic Emerson was led to exclaim.Eloquence is dog-cheep at anti-slavery meetings."Among the most marked men of that era wasa young and eloquent Englishman, whose soul was filledwith an ageay of indignation, and whose lipsseemed touched with fire as he described the evils ofthe accursed institution of slavery. He came amongus, and, for a short time, Christian men and womencould resolve that the spirit and the manner, withwhich George Thompson discusses the question ofslavery commend him to the attention and regard ofthe American people. They knew not what they did.They realized not the power of the evil which hadbeen so eloquently described. It existed not only uponthe Southern plantation, but it permeated Church andState, and shaped the men and measures of a self-styledfree republic. It murdered an anti-slavery editorat the West It mobbed anti slavery editors andlecturers at the east. It ostracized anti-slavery menand women throughout the land; and it drove one ofthe noblest Englishmen who ever trod upon our soil,like a felon from our shares. Ladies and Gentleman ageay Sixteen years passed away, and he renewed his visit.His history and standing have been seen that theydemonstrated not only that he was in every way worthyof our confidence, but that he was a true and earnestfriend to republican institutions. The light, thediscussions, and the professions of the Old Bay Statehad been such as to give promise of a heart-felt anda heart-cheering welcome to the distinguished advocateof the rights of man; but the Fugitive SlaveLaw had just been passed. Boston and Springfield,in accordance with distinguished dictation, were learningto conquer their prejudices, and they greeted ourong-tried friend with howls which sounded likeechoes from the bottomless pit, or from the disgracefulyear, 1835. Even then, thank God, the Heart of theCommonwealth beat free, and this home of well-paidlabor gave to George Thompson a greeting and a welcomewhich needed no new acknowledgment of histo convince us that he had net forgotten it. And now, after the lapse of thirteen years more,he again crosses the broad Atlantic, and finds thehearts of the whole Northern people throbbing with ahearty and earnest and generous welcome. Theyknow in whom they have believed, and they believethat he has never proved false to us. He speaks nonew truth; for both at home and abroad, in peace andin war, he has always been true to the cause of freedemocracy and republican liberty. He comes withthe reward of a life full at the experience of one whohas sought for the right and the true; and there onlyremains to me the pleasant duty, after the lapse ofthirteen years, again to introduce to a Worcester audienceour friend now and always, GEORGE THOMPSONof England. EORGE HOMPSON Judge Chapin, Citizens of Worcester, Ladies and Gentlemen:— This is not the first time I have been invitedto address an audience in the city of Worcester. Judge Chapin, Citizens of Worcester, Ladies and Gentlemen On the 18th of November, 1850, I received a "cordialinvitation" to visit this city, and was "assured ofa respectful and welcome reception." I came. Theassurance was nobly fulfilled. In several crowded andenthusiastic meetings in your City Hall, you triumphantlyvindicated the sacred right of free discussion.There was cause; for that right was in peril,and had just been assailed In the capital of the Commonwealth.It is due to the noble people of the cityof Worcester that I should state the circumstancesunder which they invited me to come amongst them,and exercise the right of free speech, more than thirteenyears ago, when Massachusetts was called to"conquer her prejudices" in favor of the Higher Law. In the autumn of 1850—during the parliamentaryrecess—I came to the United States for the purpose ofseeing the friends with whom I had been privilegedto labor in the Anti-Slavery cause, and also for thepurpose of witnessing the progress which your countryhad made in wealth and prosperity during the fifteenyears that had elapsed since my first visit. I landed in the city of Boston—in Boston, wherethe first tones of remonstrance, the first protestsagainst the tyranny of the British parliament, thefirst shots fired in the cause of American independencewere heard. The walls were covered with placards,announcing the arrival in the city of Southern slave-catchers,in hot pursuit of two native-born but coloredAmericans—a noble man, and a still nobler woman,the wife of that man. These miscreant man-hunters were acting underthe sanction, and were armed with the authority ofthe United States Government and the laws of Congress.They had at their back the entire naval andmilitary forces of the country. By a law just thenpassed, you, the people of Massachusetts, were calledupon to give up your fellow-citizens to slavery, withoutthe trial granted to a pickpocket, to a doom moreterrible than that pronounced upon a murderer. I turned to the public papers; but, instead of theprotests of an outraged and indignant communityagainst so flagitious an insult to the hospitality of thecity, the honor of the State, and the rights of humanity,I found only vindications of the execrable FugitiveSlave Law, exhortations to obedience, and the fiercestdenunciations of those who refused to bewray thewanderer, and by so doing violate the law of the ingGod. This was the first exhibition I was calledto witness of the dominion of the Slave Power overthe free soil and free people of the old Bay State.  Not many days after, I was invited by the friendsof international amity to a meeting of welcome inFaneuil Hall. There was a glorious gathering of thevirtuous, intelligent and freedom-loving citizens ofthe State; but the spirit of slavery was there. Twohundred hirelings of the South—the copperheads ofthat day—succeeded in preventing me from speaking.The papers of the following morning applauded the ruffians;called them "true American patriots" and"friends of the Union." Soon after this meeting, another but very differentaudience assembled in Faneuil Hall. It was a meetingto denounce the Abolitionists—a meeting toanathematize the foreigner Thompson—a meetingto uphold the Fugitive Slave Law. It was thenand there that, through the lips of the chosen oratorof the day, the malediction was pronounced—"Letthe anti-slavery agitation be accursed!" It was inthese circumstances— when I had been d a hearingin Boston—when I had been  by menhighest in social position in your capital city—when Ihad been misrepresented and maligned by the pro-slaveryp of the country— that you invited mehave, received me with enthusiasm, and passed,amongst others, the following noble resolution:—    "That it is the natural and legal right of any man onour soil, whether foreigner or native, to examine withthe utmost freedom all the institutions and prof the country—to approve or condom, support or all such an his  or judgment shalldetermine—to exercise, un the liberty ofspeech on all subjects; and that right will never bequestioned or  except by  and theirquned or when them is 'something rotten in Denmark."  condom       Permit me to say that, highly as I appreciate theinvitation which brings me again amongt you, andthe crdial welcome now  me, I value stillmore highly the free platform to which you invitedme in the year 1850, when the glory of America wascheered and her national character was dishonoredby the passage of the Fugitive Slave Bill, and when,instead of coming to you, as I do now, with the mationsof the Boston Music Hall ringing in my care,I came to you  by the "crowing whping,groaning, rving,  act railway whistlesand  yells of the miserable myrmidof the South, who  me from the "Cradle of Liberty,"to find a welcome and a hearing in the "heartof the Commonwealth."             At the time of which I am speaking, it was unutterablyappalling to traces the terrible effect of slavery uponthe politics, legislation, literature and religion of theUnited States. Whenever I traveled, I saw forms,ceremonies, professions and creeds in abundance,which, looked at by themselves, might indicate thespirit, the practice, and the love of liberty. But, penetratingbeyond what was merely external, the foulspirit of slavery was found to be the pervading, controllingand governing influence. Well might the colored American—in the yearwhen your invitation brought me last to this city—curse the soil of his birth, and shake its dust for everfrom his feet. To all but him, the place of birth wasdear. Home! It is the lode-star of the heart; it is thepoint to which the soul continually gravitates. Thesea-boy, lost upon the troubled wave; the warrior,distant on the tented field; the captive, pinning in Siberia'smine; the gospel messenger, self-exiled onsome heathen shore; all turn their eyes to find thespot they fondly call their "home." "Encamped by Indian rivers wild,The soldier, resting on his arms,In Burne's carol sweet recallsThe seems that blst him when a child;And flows and gladdens at the charmsOf Scotia's woods and waterfalls."       And yet, but a few abort years ago, there was oneforlorn and wretched outcast in the world, who felt norapture when he thought of bone. Nay, more, wholinked it in his mind to thoughts of horror and ofdread; who shrank amidst the visions of the night,if fancy bore him to the spot where first he drew hisbreath; who turned him from the star which shoneabove the hearth on which his earliest days were cradled,as from some baleful meteor, to follow onewhose cold yet friendly ray would guide him wherehis home was not. That being was the fugitive fromAmerican slavery; who, scarred by the branding-iron,lacerated by the lash, mangled by dogs, sought toreach a land where he might be safe from the demontrafficker* in human flesh. It was the home-borncolored American, driven by foul wrongs and wickedlaws to turn his back upon the soil which gave himbirth; and when refused an asylum or a resting-placewithin the 8tates of New England, was forced to seekshelter amidst the solitudes and snows of Canada. What though he were a friendless and shiveringfugitive from his own bright and sunny land of Virginia. "Yet happier there than if he trodThat beautiful but sod,Beneath a despot's nod.O, he would rather houseless room,Where Freedom and his God might lead,Than be the sleekest slave at homeThat crouched beneath a tyrant't creed."       O, what a spectacle in the sight of men and angelswas slavery in the United States! Slavery in a landpurchased by the blood of revolutionary heroes andmartyrs! Slavery in a land, the founders of whoseindependence revolted—not against personal bonds;not to deliver their wives and daughters from infamyand pollution; not to save themselves and their posterityfrom unmitigated and endless thraldom; butbeing already free, that they might also be able to governthemselves. But more, and worse than this, it was slavery in aland blessed with Christianity. Who ran think, withouthorror, of 8lavery and Christianity combined?Christianity, which knows no distinction of race orblood; which teaches the doctrine of universal equality,and the duty of worldwide humanity; and Slavery,with its inhuman cruelty and brutal lusts—itsworse than inquisitorial tortures—its unspeakable debasementof the intellect—its ruthless sundering ofthe holiest ties of nature—its forced and uncompensatedlabor—its chattel despotism, and impious soul-murder! The dominion of the Slave Power was not confinedwithin the limits of the Slave States where negro slaveryprevailed. That Power swayed a sceptre whichwas universal, and exercised a rule which was all butabsolute. It elected the President; it appointed theEmbassadors and Consuls, and chose, as interpretersof the Constitution, a majority of slaveholders. Itdictated and domineered in every ecclesiastical assembly.The Bible, Tract, Missionary, and 8uoday SchoolSocieties of the country bowed before it Prayer meetings,camp meetings, and revival meetings stood inawe of it. It bribed, coaxed or bullied the representativesof the North. It sent borne Hoar from SouthCarolina. It bludgeoned Sumner at his desk in theSenate. It turned "the godlike" Webster into thegreat apostate. It converted New England into achase for the hunters of men. It repealed the nationalcompact made when Missouri was brought into theUnion. It Instigated and encouraged the bloody atrocitiesin Kansas. It procured the Infamous Dred Scottdecision. It denied the right of the Free Stales toelect the man of their choice; and when the popularvoice nominated Mr. Lincoln for the Presidentialchair, it overthrew the Constitution—shattered theUnion—"cried. Havoc! and let lipt he dogs of war."The rest you know; let me turn to a brighter part ofthe picture of the past.  Some centuries ago, a German monk, in the solitudeand seclusion of the cloister, wiped from a neglectedbook the gathered duet of ages, and, reading inits pages the words which teach the way of life, wentforth to declare the truths he had discovered, and toclaim for every man the right to possess, to read, andto interpret for himself, the volume of revelation. Hewas opposed by the priests, the statesmen, and thepotentates of the day. Nothing dismayed, he with alion heart pursued his way—despised the Bulls of thePope soared above the thunders of the Vatican; and,ere he died, from the height he had scaled, ho lookeddown upon revolutionized Europe. More than thirty years ago, "In a small chamber, friendless and unseen,Toiled o'er his types one poor, unlearn'd young man;The place was dark, unfurnitured, and mean;—Yes there the freedom of a race began!    O, Truth! O, Freedom! how are ye still bornIn the rude stable, in the manger nursed!What humble hands unbar those gates of morn,Through which the splendors of the New Day burst!"    The humble type-setter in that rude chamber gaveto America a newspaper advocating the doctrine ofimmediate, unconditional and universal emancipation.On the first page of that paper he said,—"I havetaken my ground; I am in earnest; I will not equivocate;I will not excuse: I will not retreat a singleinch; and I WILL BE BRAND." And heard he hasbeen. The sounds we hear to-day, coming from millionsof voices, saying, "Let shivery perish, and theland be redeemed from Ha curse,"—what are they butthe echoes of that one voice which, more than thirtyevery ago, sounded in the ours of this nation,—"Breakevery yoke! Let the oppressed go free!" Oh, whata glorious spectacle is that which the poor printer isnow permitted to behold! If to Martin Luther it wasgiven to look down on revolutionized Europe, to WilliamLloyd Garrison is vafed the vision of revolutionizedAmerica. To him is granted the fulfillmentof the promise—"He that gth forth weeping, bearingprecious seed, shall come again rejoicing, bringinghis sheaves with him."   I am greatly amused, while I am at the come timedisgusted, with the efforts which are being made bysome portion to rob the abolitionists—the followers ofMr. Garrison—of the credit of having, by their heroicand self- labors for thirty years, contributedto bring about that revolution in public sentiment, ofwhich this meeting is one of the indications. As wellmight the river, when it in entering the son, deny itsconnection with the spring-bred where it first bubbledup! As well might the nature fruit-tree of thirtyyears' growth,—bending under its ripe autumn lead,—deny all connection with the sapling from which itsprang! We are, same of us, old enough to rememberthe struggle between  and 1840 for the rightto present petitions to Congress for the abolition of slaveryin the District of Columbia. We can rememberthe nomination of Mr. Barney, by the Third party, in1840, and the 7,000 votes that were cast for him bythose who, at that time, would not fall down and worshipthe Bl of the South. We can remember thesecond nomination of Mr. Birney by the "LibertyParty" of 1844, when the 7,000 of 1840 swelled to We can remember the nomination of Mr. VanBuren in 1848 by the Free Democracy, when the AbolitionistsJoined themselves to the Barnburners, whohad bolted from the National Democracy Convention.We remember the cry they raised—"No more SlaveStates!"—"No more Slave Territory!"—"Congresshas no more right to make a slave than to make aking!" This party, refusing to vote for either Tayloror Case, gave 291,000 votes for Van Buren. We remembermember the battle of 1852, when Pierce and Scottwere in the field, and every anti-slavery man, whocould conscientiously Tote, rallied round John P. Hale.The banner hoisted on that occasion bore the device—"Free Soil." "Free Speech," "Free Labor," "FreeMen." We know, too, what it was that shivered inpieces the Whig party, and the American party, andthe Know nothing party, and constructed out of thefragments the great Republican party of 1855, thatgave to Fremont 1,300,000 voted, and to Mr. PresidentFillmore bat 800,000. We know, too, who fought thebattle, and who won the victory for Mr. Lincoln, andon what principles the battle was fought, and fromwhom those principles were derived, and by whomthey were moat effectually proclaimed; and who theyare, who, daring the but three years, have, like SergeantCarney, held aloft the fag of freedom, and savedit from touching the ground. Knowing all this, andknowing that the men who, at this very boor, are proclaimingthe principles, and making out the policy, bywhich alone the honor of the nation can be maintained,and the rebellion forever crushed, are the men whohave been taught and nurtured in the Anti-Slaveryschool, it is rather tea much for the New York Timesto say, that the teaching which preceded the war hashad nothing to do in creating the present change Inpublic sentiment. I am free to admit that, but for thelessons given by the South, the North would not havebeen converted; bat to the Abolitionists belongs thecredit of having inculcated the principles which thetreason and madness of the Sooth have developed.     Times In the subsequent remarks made by Mr. Thompson,he referred to the state of the public mind inEngland at the breaking out of the rebellion; to thecauses which had operated to retard the expressionof the popular sympathy with the Union people ofAmerica; to the series of Anti-Slavery measures recommendedby Mr. Lincoln, and adopted by theCongress; and concluded by expressing his earnesthope, that another and final proclamation might soonbe made—one, decreeing slavery every where abolished,and making the soil of America, through all itsextent, sacred to human freedom. 

 12 School Street, FOREIGN BOOK-STIRE. 

 CASE OF A NON- RESISTANT CONSCRIPT. A largeportion of our last page Is occupied with a statement byMr. J. Wesley Pratt, of Quincy. relative to his beingdrafted, the manner of his treatment as a non-resistant,and his final release on his parole of honor. It is,perhaps, unnecessarily minute in its details, and occupiesmuch more space than we can convenientlyspare in the always crowded state of our columns;yet it Is not without interest and instruction. Wehave no personal acquaintance with Mr. Pratt; butwe honor him for his fidelity to his conscience, in circumstancesof severe trial; while we think (asidefrom the profanity that was used and the bad temperexhibited) there was nothing specially blameworthyon the part of the officers who caused his arrest andpunishment, because they were bound, by all the obligationsof their position, to see that no "duty" wasshirked or neglected. They did but faithfully executethe military code, having no authority to recognizeany peculiar conscientious scruples against war onthe part of any under their command. Nevertheless,it was a creditable act for the Secretary of War todischarge Mr. Pratt; and we trust the case, thusbrought to the attention of the government and people,will lead to a better adjustment of the difficulty aMr. Pratt was very willing to do service among thesick and wounded in the hospital; and, surely, bemight properly have been permitted to do so. ASE OF A ON- ESISTANT ONSCRIPT. 

 MRS. R.A. SMITH would inform her friend and thepublic generally, that she has taken house No. 42,Grove Street, Boston; wehre board transient and ermanent,may be obtained as reasonable terms A share ofthe public patronage is respectfully solicited. April 1. 

 NEW YORK, March 24, 1864. EW ORK To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator I know that you will not exact of your correspondentcoincidence in your views, especially upon so vexeda question as who shall be our next President Tourlate declaration in favor of Mr. Lincoln proceeded, Iam sure, from an instinct of disaster in the event of aless popular nomination, rather than from first choiceof him among candidates of equal prospects. The assumption,it seems to me, by which you would foreclosediscussion, is, that the loyal people of the Statesare not strong enough, with the aid of the soldiers,to elect any man whom the Baltimore Conventionshall name for the Presidency. In this I differ fromyou. I recognize the discordant elements which willbe brought together in the Monumental City, bat 1have faith that the radical wilt overcome the conservative,and faith that the people, abiding by the decision,whether for better or worse, will reader any effort atdivision ridiculous by an overwhelming condemnationof it at the polls. The Haw Hampshire election isproof that we may safely Inquire—Is Abraham Lincolnthe best man for the next four years? The Amnesty Proclamation convicts Its author of afatal inability to comprehend the Isaac of the war. Theold material of slavery is employed is reconstructingnew States and new society, and we are helpless toprevent It frees ear tardy perception of the danger,and from substituting acquiescence for remonstrance.The President's policy is a it mpli, and his successorwill find It an evil inheritance. I have alreadygiven you testimony of its workings, chiefly fromSouthern men. In your own paper of the  JohnG. Fee writes to Mr. Phillips: "I regard the AmnestyProclamation as all wrong. In our judgment, itwas mot needed, and is a great error;" and he showshow disappointed treason return to shield itself underthe oath, and to resume its forfeited possessions. GovJohnson's replacing the President's oath with one ofhis own framing alone saved Tennessee, in the lateelection, from being "boldly turned over to secessionrulers, in the face and eyes of a hundred thousand Federalsoldiers." Winter Davis is endeavoring to induceCongress, which is not pledged to the Amnesty, tofrom of government. Mr. Beaman, of Michigan, sustainsto a safe reconstruction," as well as a usurpation oflegislative functions. Unhappy, the President hasthe start; his plans are already institutions; and weare asked to believe that the maker of the branch willbe the best repairer thereof. More than that. Allowthat we can endure, pity, or even embrace Mr. Lincolnfor a second term, are we ready to accept him with thepresent incumbrances—Blair, Seward and Bates?What proof is there that these reactionists would bediscarded by the new Administration? Because we donot reject the pudding, must we also be obliged toswallow the sauce? it mpli    So far as Mr. Chase represented principles, be ayet a candidate for the Presidency, spite of the letterby which his name ceases to the made a premature football.At a measure of the opposition to Mr. Lincoln,it is instructive to compare Mr. Pomeroy's platform,announced as to the Senate, with that put forward by theFremont Club of this city on Saturday last. Theyagree as to the suppression of the rebellion; the condemnationof the Amnesty; the confiscation of rebelproperty; the supremacy of the Union over theStates; the one-term principle of the Presidency aliberal system of immigration; and the enforcement ofthe Monroe doctrine. The Fremont platforms takesprecedence from this plank—"Absolute equality of allmen before the law, without distinction of men orcolor." Success to him who is ready to walk underthis banner! The genuine Republicans of Louisiana, who areidentified with the support of Mr. Flanders, had devisedthe means of restoring that State on the laws ofequality to all men, when, on the 15th of December,they held a convention to choose delegate to the gatheringat Louisville in February. At this primary convention,certain colored men presented themselveswith credentials, and were admitted by a large voteagainst feeble opposition,—Mr. Flanders being presentand aiding with the majority. From this momentcalumny began its work; Gov. Banks joined those usesought to defeat the noble schemes of the Free Statesparty, and Mr. Hahn's election was inevitable. TheState has now a Governor without a judiciary or legislature.Banks determines the oasis of apportionmentto the Constitutional Convention in April, thenumber of delegates, and the detail, of election. Ofcourse, no black thread it introduced into the web ofreconstruction. Hahn's speech at his inauguration4th was couched in vague language. Banks's in hisusual pompous rhetoric: and in keeping with the latter'sshameless assertion that Louisiana was the firstState to checkmate slavery by a system of compensated(!) labor, fifty anvil, were beaten in unison, as ifyet fashioning the fetters by which Louisiana serfs areattached to the soil they may not cultivate as freemanJudge whether a Governor and a Convention whichhave been created by the Waltham against will be libertyto favor immediate emancipation. Appreciate nowthe irony with which the Presided! turned over thecolored petitioners for the right of suffrage to the tendermercies of such a conclave! Sherman has lostSelma and Mobile, but, Banks be praised, Nov Orlandis safe! Two important elections have taken place such Ilast wrote—in Arkansas and in Tennessee. Is theformer State a free Constitution, prohibiting slaveryhas been adopted, and a friendly Governor and legislatureelected. This is a good triumph for a communitywhich whilom was reducing to slavery or expatriatingits free colored population. The result of theballot in Tennessee is a decided victor of the anti-slaveryelement, whose terms of emancipation are immediateand unconditional. Of course, is neitherState was suffrage granted to the negro. The ConstitutionalConvention of Virginia, in session at Alexandria,incorporated on the 10th abolition and prohibitionof slavery into the new State Constitution, amid theringing of bells and the firing of cannon. The mottsof the friends of a Convention to make a new Constitutionfor Maryland is—"Immediate emancipationNo State compensation for slaves; No negro apprenticeships!"The election takes place on the 6th ofApril. Gov. Bramlette has put himself in a quasi-hostileattitude towards the Government on the questionof enrolling the slaves of Kentucky. Is has barkmonitory of a bite? Will the President still consent tocherish the slave-system in his native States? As anoffset to the possible return to power of the pro-slaverytreasonable element in the reconstruction States, Congressis commendably ready to prepare the way forthe organization of the territories of the West, ofcourse with freedom fundamental. Nevada, Coloradoand Nebraska were thus assisted by the House, an conditionthat their Constitutions should be republican,and not repugnant to the Constitution of the UnitedStates and the Declaration of Independence. Slaveryto be prohibited by an ordinance forever irrevocablewithout the consent of Congress. This co-ordinationof the Declaration and the Constitution is significantof a desire to return to first principles, and promiseswell for the time when we shall come to constructanew the charter of our government. Colorado newCongress more than half way by passing in her territorialConvention, a resolution that the United StatesConstitution ought to be amended in favor of universalemancipation. An appeal baa been taken from the Executive to theLegislature. The colored citizens of Louisiana preferredto the Senate their petition, "praying that thosewho have borne arms for the Union and all otherswho can read the Constitution of the United Statesbe admitted to the privileges of the elective franchise."The thousand names appended represented fifteenmillions of taxable property. Is this the only kind of"representation" that is to be allowed them? Supposethey should imitate our fathers in '76. Mr. Sumnersaid, in the Senate, in another connection, that theHon. John Bell told him be was first chosen into publiclife by the efforts of free negroes." I find the following in the Times of yesterday: Times "The Washington City Council have appointed acommittee to protest against the passage, by Congressof a Senate mil amendatory of the Registry Law andproviding that every male citizen, without regard incolor, who shall have been a resident one year beforean election, shall be allowed to exercise the executivefranchise." There is a manifest desire on the part of Congressto give the coup de grace to the institution of slaveryIn the House, Rice of Maine. Arnold of Illinois, andWilson of Iowa,—the last backed by the JudiciaryCommittee,—are urging the enactment of universalabolition. In the Senate, Mr. Wilson of your Stateswas surprised to find himself toe conservative in hisproposition, to compensate the owners of slave familiesfreed by virtue of the military service of husbandor father. The prevailing voice was against compensation;and Mr. Wilson, doubtless gladly, abandonedthe point. Some valuable confessions were made bythe opponent, of the emancipatory clause of his billas to the existence and validity of the marriage relationamong slaves. Mr. Sumner is seeking to abolishthe inter-State slave-trade. But this, like the representof the Fugitive Slave Law, is a waste of energy upona side issue. No slaves, no trade in slaves; no slavesno fugitive. coup de grace The continued atrocities of the rebels towards coloredprisoners of war; the hanging of twenty twowhite North Carolinian, captured from the Unionranks; the fiendish indignities offered to Dahlgren'sbody; and the criminal treatment of Kilpatrick's officers,indicate the increasing desperation of our enemiesand the proximate close of our protected controversy.The rebellion is lost, if Grant only holdswhat we have, provided the Copperheads are diffusedat the November election. M. DU PATE. ATE. 

 BY JOHN G. WHITTIER. Rivermouth Rocks are fair to use,By dawn or sunset shine acress,When the ebb of the sun has left them freeTo dry their fringes of gold-green moss;For there the river comes winding downFrom salt sea-mondows and upholds brown,And waves on the outer rocks afoamShout to its waters, "Welcome home!"        And fair are the sunny isles in viewEast of the grisly Head of the Boar,And Agamenticus lifts its blueDisk of a cloud the woodlands o'er;And southerly, when the tide is down,'Twixt white sea-waves and sand-hills brown,The beach-birds dances and the gray guilt wheelOver a floor of burnished steel.        Once, in the old Colonial days,Two hundred years ago and more,A host sailed down through the winding waysOf Hampton river to that low shore,Full of a goodly companySailing out on the summer sea,Veering to catch the land-breeze light,With the Boar to left and the Rocks to right.        In Hampton meadows, where mowers laidTheir seythes to the swaths of salted grass,"Ah, well-a-day! our hay must be mads!"A young man sighed, who saw them pass.Loud laughed his fellows to see him standWhetting his say the with a listless hand,Hearing a voice in a far-off song,Watching a white hand beckoning long.        "Fie on the witch!" cried a merry girl,As they rounded the point where Goody ColeSat at her door with her wheel atwirl,A bent and blear-eyed poor old soul."Oho!" she muttered, "ye 're brave to day!But I hear the little waves laugh and say,'The broth will be cold that waits at home;for it's one to go, but another to come!"        "She's curst," said the skipper; "speak her fair:I'm scary always to use her shakeHer wicked head, with its wild gray hair,And nose like a hawk, and eyes like a snake."But merrily still, with laugh and shout,From Hampton river the boat sailed out,Till the huts and the flakes on Star seemed nigh,And they lost the scent of the pines of Rye.        They dropped their lines in the lazy tideDrawing up haddock and molted cod;They saw not the Shadow that walked beside,They heard not the fast with silence shod.But thicker and thicker a hot mist grow,Shot by the lightning through and through;And muffled growls, like the growl of a boast,Ran along the sky from west to cast.       Then the skipper locked from the darkening seaUp to the dimmed and wading sun;But he spake like a brave man cheerily,"Yet there is time for our homeward run."veering and tacking, they backward wore;And just as a breath from the woods ashoreBlow out to whisper of danger past,The wrath of the storm came down at last!        The skipper hauled at the heavy sail:"God be our help!" he only cried,As the roaring gale, like the stroke of a fail,Smote the boat on its starboard side.The Shoalsmen looked, but saw alone,Dark films of rain-cloud slantwise blown,Wild rocks lit up by lightning's glare,The strife and torment of sea and air.        Goody Cole looked out from her door:The Isles of Shoals were drowsed and gone,Scarcely she saw the Head of the BoarToss the foam from tusks of stone.She clasped her cheek was not of rain:"They are lost," she muttered, "boat and crew!Lord, forgive me! my words were true!"       Suddenly seaward swept the squall;The low sun smote through cloudy rack;The Shoals stood clear in the light, and allThe trend of the coast lay hard' and black.But for and wide as eye could reach,No life was soon upon wave or beach;The boat that went out at morning, neverSailed back again into Hampton river.        O mower, lean on thy bended snath,Look from the meadows green and low;The wind of the sea is a waft of woo!The waves are singing a song of woo!By silent river, by moaning sea,Long and vain shall thy watching be:Never again shall the sweet voice call,Never the white hand rise and fall!        O Rivermouth Rocks, how sad a sightYe saw in the light of breaking day!Dead fees looking up cold and whiteFrom sand and sea-weed where they lay!The mad old witch-wife wailed and wept,And cursed the tide as it backward crept;"Crawl back, crawl back, blue water-snake!Leave your dead for the hearts that break!"        Solemn it was in that old dayIn Hampton town and its log-built church,Where side by side the coffins lay,And the mourners stood in aisle and porch.In the singing-seats young eyes were dim,The voices faltered that raised the hymn,And Father Dalton, grave and stern,Sobbed through his prayer and wept in turn.        But his ancient colleagues did not pray,Because of his sin at fourscore years:He stood apart, with the iron-grayOf his strong brown knitted to hide his tears.And a wretched woman, holding her breathIn the awful presence of sin and death,Cowered and shrank, while her neighbors throngedTo look on the dead her shame had wronged.        Apart with them, like them forbid,Old Goody Cole looked drearily round,As, two by two, with their  bid,The mourners walked to the burying-ground.She let the staff her  hands fall:"Lord, forgive us! we're sinners all!"And the voice of the old man answered her:"Amen!" said Father Bhiler.           So, as I sat upon ApplreIn the calm of a closing summer day,And the broken lines of Hampton shoreIn purple mist of  lay,The Rivermouth rocks their story told;And waves  with  gold,Rising and breaking in steady chime,Best the rhythm and kept the time.            And the sunset paled, and warmed once moreWith a softer, tenderer after-glow;In the east was moon-rise, with boast off-shore,And sails in the distance drifting slow.The bassoon glimmered from Portsmouth bar,The White Isle kindled its great sad star;And life and death in my old-time layMingled in peace like the night and day!        * See Norfolk Country Record, 1657; New England Historicaland G Mo. II. p. 192. Themoral lapse of the first minister of Hampton, at the age offour, is referred to in the third number of the sameperiodical. Goody O, the Hampton witch, was twiceimprisoned for the aligned practice of her arts. * See Norfolk Country Record, 1657; New England Historicaland G Mo. II. p. 192. Themoral lapse of the first minister of Hampton, at the age offour, is referred to in the third number of the sameperiodical. Goody O, the Hampton witch, was twiceimprisoned for the aligned practice of her arts. Norfolk Country Record New England Historicaland G    —Atlantic for April. —Atlantic for April. Atlantic for April.  

 To has Excellency Abraham Lincoln, President of theUnited States, and to the Honorable the Senate andHouse of Representatives of the United States of Americansis Congress assembled. To has Excellency Abraham Lincoln, President of theUnited States, and to the Honorable the Senate andHouse of Representatives of the United States of Americansis Congress assembled. The undersigned respectfully submit the Following:That they are natives of Louisiana, and citizen ofthe United States; that they are loyal citizen, sincerelyattached to the Country and the Constitution,and ardently desire the maintenance of the nationalunity, for which they are ready to sacrifice their fortunesand their lives. That of them are owners of real escalateand all of them are owners of personal property;that many of them are emanated in the pursuits of commenceand industry while others are employed as is various trades; that they are all fitted to the privileges and immunities belonging to thecondition of citizen of the United States, and amongthem may be found many of the descendants of thosemen whom the illustrious Jackson styled "his fell owing"when he called upon them to take up armsa repel the enemies of the country.   Your petitioners further respectfully represent thatper and above the right, which in the language ofthe Declaration of Independence, they possess to libertyand the pursuit of happiness, they are supportedthe opinion of just and loyal men, especially bythat of Hon. Edward Bates, Attorney. General, in theclaim to the right of enjoying the privileges and pertaining to the condition of citizen of theUnited States; and to support the legitimacy of thisclaim, they believe it simply necessary to submit toyear Excellency, and to the Honorable Congress thefollowing considerations, which they beg of you toweigh is the balance of law and justice. Notwithstandingtheir forefather served in the army of theUnited State in 1814-5, add aided in repe3lling fromthe soil of Louisiana a haughty enemy over-confidentof success yet and their descendant have eversince, and mutual the era of the present rebellion beenestranged, and even repulsed—excluded from all francseven the squalliest when their brave fathersreferred bosoms to the enemy to preserve theterritorial integrity of the republic. During this period of forty-nine years, they have never ceased to bepeaceable citizen paying their taxes on an assessmentof more than fifteen millions of dollars.  At the call General Banks, they hastened to rallyunder the banner of Union and Liberty; they havespilled their blood and are still pouring it out for themaintenance of the Constitution of the United States;in a word, they are soldiers of the Union and theywill defend it so long as their hands have strength tohold a musket. While General Banks at the siege of Port Hudson,and the city threatened by the enemy his Governor Shapely called for troops for theof the city and they were foremost in respondingto the call, having raised the 1st regiment in theshort space of forty-eight hours.   In consideration of this fact as true and as clear asthe sun which lights this great continent—in considerationof the services already performed and still tobe rendered by them to their common country theyhumbly beseech your Excellency and Congress to castyour eyes upon a loyal population, awaiting, with confidenceand dignity, the proclamation of those inalienablerights which belong to the condition of citizensat the great American Republic. Theirs is but feeble voice claiming attention inthe under of the grave questions raised by this conflict; yet confident of the justice which guidesthe action of the Government, they have no hesitationin speaking what is prompted by their hearts — "Weare men; treat us as such."  Mr. President and Honorable members of Congress:The petitioners refer to your wisdom the task of whether they, loyal and devoted men, who areready to make every sacrifice for the support of thehas Government which man has been permitted tocrest, are to be deprived of the right to assist in establishinga civil government in our beloved State ofLouisiana, and also in choosing their representatives,both for the Legislature of the State and for the Congressof the nation.  Your pertinences aver that they have applied in respectsterms to Brigadier General George F. Shepley,Military Governor of Louisiana, and to Major GeneralN.P. Banks, commanding the Department of theGulf, praying to be placed upon the registers as voters,as the end that they might participate in the of civil government in Louisiana, and that theircompetition has met with no response from those officers,and it is feared that none will be given; and theytherefore appeal to the justice of the Representativesof the nation, and ask that all the citizens of Louisianaof African descent, born free before the rebellion, maybe, by proper orders, directed to be inscribed on theregisters, and admitted to the rights and privileges ofelectors.  And your petitioners will ever pray New Orleans, Jan. 5, 1864. Maximillian Brulee, First Lieutenant, Raymond Gaillard, F. Scoffle, MI. Moreau, F. Tervalon, P. Bonseigneur, J. Bonseigneur, A. Rouzan, B. Martin Edward Dupuis Julien Hamelin, M. Ribaros, C. Restor, A. Remy, M. Debergue, Francois Pascal, B. Bazile, J. Assemad Henry Chevarre, J.B.D. Bonseigneur, Joseph Frick, D.H. St. Hermann, D. Foster, Francois Pleise, Pierre Monette, A. Villard,  Thomas J Durant,Anthony Fernandez, Presidentof the LouisianaAssociation of the Veteransof 1814-15, war of1812; Founder of thefirst Union Associationof this city, and its firstpresident and now Presidentof the Union RepublicansAssociation andmember of the GeneralCentral Committee forState of which the Hon.Thomas J. Durant isPresident. F Collins, Rudolphes Presi Union Association,followed by one thousand signatures of the free coloredcitizens of Louisiana. J. Dawson, Samuel Young, Charles W. Horner, James Graham, A. Commagere, D. Christie, James E. Tewell, William Baker, Ansel Edwards, Williams R. Crane, Henry Train, Dr. B. Mass, E. c. Hyde, J.A. Noble, Charles Ogilvy, Rufus Waples, H. Mazerat, William Burt, TO his Excellency Abraham Lincoln President of theUnited States and to the Honorable the Senate andHouse of the United States of America,in Congress assembled: TO his Excellency Abraham Lincoln President of theUnited States and to the Honorable the Senate andHouse of the United States of America,in Congress assembled: Your Memorialists respectfully show that they areloyal citizens of Louisiana, of African descent, bornfree. They have been appointed a Committee by thesigners of the accompanying petition, to which thisMemorial is supplementary, for the purpose of presentingthe said petition, and urging, in person, the—as your Memorialists believe—just claims thereincontained. That your Memorialists desire to present, for yourfavorable consideration , the following statement andpaper an addition to the accompanying petition—namely: That, whereas, it may be urged that the UnitedStates has no authority to change the laws and Constitutionof the State of Louisiana, as to the qualificationof voters as State elections. This has already beendone by the authority of the United States in respectto white citizens of Louisiana employed in the militaryand naval service of the United States, as will moreclearly appear by what follows. That the Constitution of Louisiana, title 2, article12, excludes soldiers, seamen, or marines in the armyor navy of the United States from the right of suffrage. That, by General Order No. 24, from HeadquartersDepartment of the Gulf. Major General N.P. Banksordered that the citizens who had volunteered forthe defence of the country in the army or navy, andwho were otherwise qualified voters, should be allowedto vote in the election precincts in which theymight be found on the day of election; thereby enfranchisingthose who were, by the Constitution andlaws of Louisiana, disfranchised. And your Memorialists farther anew that the Constitutionand laws of Louisiana have been altered bythe authority of the United States in other respects,and more particularly, That by the proclamation of W.P. Banks, datedNew Orleans, January 11,1864, it was for land thatthe officers chosen in the election men approachingshould constitute the civil government of the Stateunder the Constitution and laws of Louisians, exceptso much of the said Constitution and laws as recognize,regulate, or relate to slavery. recognize,regulate, or relate to slavery. And your Memorialists further show that, thoughin their accompanying petition they have only asked.the right of suffrage for those citizen of Louisians ofAfrican descent born free before the rebellion, yetthat justice, and the principles for which they contend.require also the extension of this privilege to thoseborn shires, with such qualifications as shall affectequally the white and the colored citizen ; and thatthis is required not only by justice, but also by expediency,which demands that fall effect should be givento all the Union feeling in the rebel 8tatee, in order tosecure the permanence of the free institutions andloyal governments now organized therein. And your Memorialists pray that the right of suffragemay be extended not only to natives of Louisianaof African descent born free, bat also to all others.whether born slave or free, especially those who havevindicated their right to vote by bearing arms, subjectonly to such qualifications as shall equally affect thewhite and colored citizens. And your Memorialists will ever pray. J.B. ROUDANEZ,ARNOLD BBRTONNEAU, Delegates of the Free Colored Population of Louisiana. Washington, March 10,1864. 

 Press on! press on! ye sons of light!Untiring in your holy fight,Still treading such temptation down,And battling for a higher crown.    

 THE WOMEN'S NATIONAL LEAGUE have mailedfrom their office, during the past year, 15,000 petitions;and five hundred more will be despatched during thecoming week. HE OMEN'S ATIONAL EAGUE Having sent copies for circulation to subscribers ofAnti-Slavery and other liberal papers—to Sanitary,Freedmen and Soldiers' Aid Societies—they are nowmailing them extensively to the clergy of the variousdenominations. Will not the Church that, in times past, has been thestrong bulwark of slavery, now redeem herself, andmake haste to throw her whole power and influence onthe side of emancipation, of justice and mercy, andthus end the war and secure a lasting peace? Let every clergyman in the land circulate the petitionin his congregation; and let woman make this herspecial work. With each petition sent out is enclosed the admirablespeech of Senator Sumner, made Feb. 9, at thepresentation of the first installment of the petition. So long as the prayers of the people receive suchconsideration in the Senate of the United States, thework of petitioning is not beneath the attention of thewomen of the Republic. The second installment of the petitions will be sentto Washington on the 15th of April. Fill op the petitions, and return them as speedily aspossible to Room 20, Cooper Institute, New York. ☞ Form of Petition now sent out by the Women'sLeague:— To the Senate and Home of Representatives of the UnitedStates, in Congress assembled: To the Senate and Home of Representatives of the UnitedStates, in Congress assembled The undersigned, citizens of—believingSlavery the great cause of the present rebellion, andan institution fatal to the life of Republican government,earnestly pray your honorable bodies to immediatelyabolish it throughout the United States; andto adopt measures for so amending the Constitution asforever to prohibit its existence in any portion of ourcommon country. In the Senate of the United States, Tuesday, February9th, 1863. Mr. SUMNER.—Mr. President: I offer a petitionwhich is now lying on the desk before me. It is toobulky for me to take up. I need not add that it is toobulky for any of the pages of this body to carry. UMNER. This petition marks a stage of public opinion in thehistory of slavery, and also in the suppression of therebellion. As it is short, I will read it: To the Senate and House of Representatives of theUnited States: To the Senate and House of Representatives of theUnited States The undersigned, women of the United. Statesabove the age of eighteen years, earnestly pray thatyour honorable body will pass at the earliest practicableday an act emancipating all persons of African descentheld to involuntary service or labor in the UnitedSlates. There is also a duplicate of this petition signed by"men above the age of eighteen years." It will be perceived that the petition is in rolls.Each roll represents a State. For instance, here isNew York with a list of seventeen thousand sevenhundred and six names; Illinois with fifteen thousandthree hundred and eighty; and Massachusetts witheleven thousand six hundred and forty-one. But Iwill read the abstract with which I have been furnished: * * * * * These several petitions are consolidated into one petition,another illustration of the motto on our coin—E pluribue unum. E pluribue unum. This petition is signed by one hundred thousandmen and women, who unite in this unparalleled numberto support its prayer. They are from all parts ofthe country and from every condition of life. Theyare from the sea-board, fanned by the free airs of theocean, and from the prairies of the West, fanned bythe free airs which fertilize that extensive region.They are from the families of the educated and uneducated,rich and poor, of every profession, business,and calling in life, representing every, sentiment,thought, hope, passion, activity, intelligence which inspires,strengthens, and adorns our social system.Here they are, a mighty army, one hundred thousandstrong, without arms or banners; the advance-guardof a yet larger army. But though memorable for their numbers, these petitionersare more memorable still for the prayer inwhich they unite. They ask nothing less than universalemancipation ; and this they ask directly at thehands of Congress. No reason is assigned. Theprayer speaks for itself. It is simple, positive. Sotar as it proceeds from the women of the country, Itis naturally a petition, and not an argument. But Ineed not remind the Senate that there is no reason sostrong as the reason of the heart. Do not all greatthoughts come from the heart! It is not for me, on presenting this petition, to assignreasons which the army of petitioners has forborne toassign. But I may not improperly add that, naturallyand obviously, they all feel in their hearts, whatreason and knowledge confirm, not only that slaveryas a unit, and indivisable, is the guilty origin of therebellion, but that its influence everywhere, even outsidethe rebel States, has been hostile to the Union, alwaysimpairing loyalty, and sometimes openly menacingthe national government It requires no difficultlogic to conclude that such a monster, whereverit shows its head, is a national enemy, to be pursuedand destroyed as such, or at least a nuisance to thenational cause to be abated as such. The petitionersknow well that Congress is the depository of thesesupreme powers by which rebellion, alike in its rootand in its distant offshoots, may be surely crashed,and by which unity and peace may be permanentlysecured. They know well that the action of Congressmay be with the cooperation of the slave-masters,or even without the cooperation, wider the overrulinglaw of military necessity, or the commandingprecept of the Constitution "to guarantee to everyState a Republican form of government." Aboveall, they know well that to save the country fromperil, especially to save the national life, there is nopower, in the ample arsenal of self-defence, whichCongress may not grasp; for to Congress, under theConstitution belongs the prerogative of the RomanDictator to see that the Republic receives no detriment.Therefore to Congress the petitioners now appeal.I ask the reference of the petition to the SelectCommittee on Slavery and Freedom. national enemy It was referred, after earnest disunion, as Mr.Sumner proposed. 

 QUINCY, (Mass.,) March, 16, 1864. UINCY FRIEND GARRISON: RIEND ARRISON The subjoined letter, with the personal narrative ofmy experience as a Conscript in the hands of theAmerican Government, to tent to yon with the requestthat it be published, if agreeable. The language ofthe officers is simply the substance, without attemptingto quote the precise words; although, in manyinstances, it to correct to the letter. HEAD QES. 12TH MASS. INFITRY, EAD ES. TH ASS. NFITRY Camp near Kelly's Ford, Dec. 14, 1862. TO EDWIN M. STANTON,Sec. of War: O DWIN TANTON Sec. of War I have the honor, In compliance with accompanyingendorsements in communication relating to JohnWesley Pratt, Co. D, 12th Mass. Inf'try, to reportat follows:— The day following, he positively refused to do anyduty. I reported his case my Brigade Commander,and he issued orders to punish him, and make him dohis duty. He continued to refuse, and I caused himto be tied to a wagon near my Head Q'r's, telling himthat when he contented to do his duly, I would releasehim; at the note time calling the attention ofthe Regimental Burgeon to the case, and requestinghim to examine the man, and, if the punishment wastoo severe, or in any way endangering his health, Iwould release him. At my request, be consented to do his duty in thePioneer Corps, and was released. Soon after, theRegiment moved; be abandoned his ran, equipments,and pioneer tools, and straggled. When he joined hisRegiment, ha was arrested, and placed under guard.I received a communication from said Pratt, which Iforwarded through the regular military channels.Gen. Newton, Comm'd'g Corps, (First,) returned thecommunication with endorsements, with which I havecomplied. The result of Pratt's behavior in the Regimentcaused another man in the same company to refuse todo duty. Charges have been preferred against Prattfor uttering treasonable language among the men ofhis Company—uch as, "The Booth ought to be letalone," or words to that effect. The statement, thatha was tied up in the woods among mules is false;neither was he tied so that his feet barely touched theground. He had the same shelter that the Governmentfurnishes other conscripts.  I nave the honor to be, very respectfully, Your ob't servant, BENJ. F. COOK,Major Comm'd'g Reg't. Major Comm'd'g Reg't. On the 17th of July, 1863, I was drafted in Taunton.A few days after. I was notified to appear atthat place for examination. Arrived at Taunton, Iwas subjected to the usual examination in such casesby Dr. Hubbard, the examining Burgeon, who madethe following somewhat remarkable statement:—"Well, you don't look like a very well man; but thefact it," (turning to his assistant,) " we must acceptsome of these men, or we shan't get any soldiers";and he pronounced me "sound." The Provost-Marshal allowed ns then to returnhome, saying, "I won't be hard with any of you, butwill allow you time to make up your minds what todo." Paying no further attention to the matter, I receiveda letter from Capt. Hall, ordering me to "reportimmediately, as I had not been discharged from thedraft "; which letter reached me about the first of October.I immediately addressed a letter to Capt.Hall, which was as follows: QUINCY, Oct. 2, 1863. UINCY To Capt. J.W.D. Hall, Provost Marshal 2d District,Taunton, Mass.: To Capt. J.W.D. Hall, Provost Marshal 2d District,Taunton, Mass. SIR—Up to the breaking out of the present rebellion,I was earnestly for peace. The excitement consequenton the firing on Sumter carried me away inits almost irresistible might, until I found myself advocatingthe carrying on a war more cruel and relentlessthan any yet recorded in history. IR Two years have patted away, and no definite resulthas been reached, save one—the passage of a lawwhich, in its cruel and despotic enactments, commendsitself to the Autocrat of Russia and the Sultan of Turkey;unblushingly declaring, in the last half of thenineteenth century, and in the face of all the sublimedoctrines of the age, (doctrines enunciated by Himwho died on Calvary's cross,) that Peace and Christianityare ideal names. "O shame, where is thyblush?" I repudiate, I denounce such infidelity,such practical atheism. I will obey none of its requirements.In the midst of all this, I am for peace.I loathe, I detest war. I shall neither evade nor obstructthe Government, except in the performance ofmy duty to Humanity; but I cannot fight. Yours, for Universal Peace, J. WESLEY PRATT,Conscript, 2d District. Conscript, 2d District. J.W.D. HALL, Provost Marshal. ALL Provost Marshal. On Friday, October 9th, I was waited on by twoofficers, White of Weymouth, and French of Quincy—White, as I have since teamed, being armed withpistols and handcuffs, prepared to take me, "dead oralive, to Taunton." On learning their business, I asked for one day, inorder to finish some work which was began, but wastold by White that he could not comply, as his businesswould not permit it; but he advised me to go toTaunton with him, and be had no doubt Hall wouldgrant me a furlough for a few days. Question by White—"What kind of a letter did yonwrite to Hall?" Question by White Answer—"I wrote, in substance, that 'war is opposedto the spirit of Christianity, and I will obey noneof the requirements of the conscription act.'" Answer White—"I thought you mast have written some,thing very aggravating, by the tone of his letter tome." White Hereupon be took from his pocket the letter fromHall, and read—"You can ascertain from WymanAbercrombie about this man Pratt I conclude, byhis letter to me, that be is either a fanatic, a fool, or adangerous man." Reply—"I expect to be called a 'fanatic;' I maybe a 'fool;' but my friends and acquaintances candecide whether I am a 'dangerous man.'" Reply White—"Well, what do you intend to do?" White Reply—"I shall go to Taunton as a prisoner." Reply White—"Will you meat me at the depot, in timefor the cars?" White To which I answered "Yes"; and after supplyingmyself with a letter from Abercombie, recommendingme for a furlough, I did so, and went with Whiteto Taunton; he deeming the further assistance ofFrench unnecessary; >especially with the implements ofwar and subjugation which he carried in his pocket.  >especially with the implements ofwar and subjugation which he carried in his pocket. On arriving in Taunton, I was taken at once to theoffice of the "Capt."—that worthy giving me a somewhatreserved greeting—and without any furtherwords, handing my letter to him, to White, for hisperusal and criticism. He pronounced it "a verystrange letter;" which very cage conclusion was respondedto by Hall as follows: "Now, Pratt, what inducedyou to write such a foolish letter t Explainyourself, sir." Reply—"It was written from convictions of duty;duty to myself, to freedom, and to humanity." Reply Hall—"But you say you do net intend to 'evade orobstruct the Government.' Why, this Government,I calculate, is pretty strong: do you expect you can'evade or obstruct' it?" Hall you Reply—"Every man's power to do either is just inproportion to Ml natural or acquired abilities; to thatextent I can do so—so further." Reply Hall—"Yea say you will obey some of the requirementsof the conscription act Why, than, are youhere?" Hall Reply—"I am here as a prisoner; and anot in consequence of violating 'law,' has in obedienceto a power which I cannot, if I would, resist." Reply Hall—"Do you intend to pay three hundred dollars?" Hall "No, sir." "To procure a substitute?" "No, sir." "What then?" "Does not my letter explain? I am conscientiouslyopposed to hearing arms; in other words, I am aNon-Resident." "Non-Resident? Nonsense!" He (Hall) then went into the  of the presentstrife; describing, in a graphic manner, how, "forfifty years, it had been the determined purpose of theSouth to destroy the noblest government which theworld ever saw;  in the attack on FortSumter, and the last act of almost  of the awful butchery by the bwackers underQtrell."       Reply.—"Listen, for a moment, to the great Teacher—'All things whatever ye would that men shoulddo to you, do ye even so unto them. Blessed are thepeacemakers, for they shall be called the children ofGod." Reply. Hall.—"Why, sir, Jesus Christ himself would haveengaged in this war, had he been living. Besides, heteaches obedience. He says, "Servants, obey yourmasters." Hall. Reply—"Are you not mistaken? I supposed it tobe St. Paul Who uttered that." Reply Hall—"Well, it matters not as Paul was a believerin Christ." Hall Reply—"Then we are to consider the language of adevout 'believer' to be as authoritative as that ofChrist himself. Is that the point?" Reply Hall—"I wish you to understand that when you attacka law that I am sworn to execute, I shall enforceit, if it is in my power; and I think it in. I was determinedto make you obey one of 'the requirements'of the law by coming here, even if you comein a coffin." Hall At this stage in our conversation, he was verymuch excited, pounding the desk with his flat, andraising his voice till it was hoarse with passion. Reply—"But I should not have 'obeyed' the lawif I had come in a coffin, should I?" Reply At about thin time be opened a drawer, and drawforth a pistol, a six-sooter all loaded and capped, andsaid, "If a man comes into this office, and offers anyinsult or resistance to my authority, I shall not hesitateto use it; but I don't feel like using it an such aman as you."  Reply—"Now, Captain, you are not the Government.Your language and manner would seem toconvey the impression to your hearers that you are,in fact, the Government itself; instead of a servant ofthe Government, charged with certain duties." Reply you Hall—"YES! AND I INTEND TO DO THEM" Hall ES Beating the desk with his flat, be exclaimed, "Well,Pratt, to-morrow you will have to pot on a uniform;and, depend upon it, it will be put on if it takes sixmen to do it." Reply—"Do not give yourself that trouble, sir; itwill take only one man to do it." Reply I asked him for a furlough, and, after making someinquiry about my object in going home, be replied,"Yes, I will give yon a furlough, but you must firsttake the oath." Reply—"I shall take no oath, sir." Reply Hall—"Then you can affirm; it is all the same." Hall Reply—"I know it is; and for that reason, I shalldo neither." Reply Hall—"Now, Mr. Pratt, you will gain nothing bysuch a course; besides, your friends will think less ofyou than they would if you do your duty like aman." Hall Reply—"The warrior, as he rides rough-shod over'human hearts, may gain the applause of the multitude.But who wins the approbation of his own soul?THE MAN WHO DARES TO DO RIGHT." Reply HE But enough: our conversation lasted two or threehours, and my time as well as memory fails to tellall that was said.' The morrow came, and at about ten o'clock I wastaken to the clothing-room, to be arrayed in thecostume of our venerable "Uncle." The officer incharge (Peter Thayer) ordered me to put on theclothes; and on my refusal said, "Come, I'll have nohumbuggin' about this"—while his eyes denoted thefiery tempest within. "Well, then, put them on yourself—I shall offer noresistance." "Well, I have no scruples, if you have." He then proceeded to strip me, clothed me in"army blue," and put a knapsack on my back, andmarched me back to the office, where I was orderedto sign a receipt for the clothing. Refusing to sign it,as I had had no clothing, I was threatened with severeconsequences; and at last my hand was graspedby my "friend," Peter Thayer, in whose right handwas a pen, and he finally succeeded in tracing myname on the paper. I then said, "These gentlemenwill bear witness that I signed nothing." Thayerexclaimed, triumphantly, "They will bear witnessthat I made you do it." made We then started for Long Island, Boston harbor.While in the cars, Mr. Thayer came to use, and said,"I wish to give you a word of advice." I was all attention. Thayer—"If you attempt to carry out the coursethat you have begun, you will be court martialedand shot." Thayer Reply—"Well, let them shoot." Reply Thayer—"Have you taken the oath!" Thayer Reply—"No—I refused to do so." Reply While on our way from Boston to Long Island, hecame to me again, and said, "Do yon intend to carrythis out as you have begun!" Reply—"I do, though the consequences be what youpredict." Reply Thayer—"Now, it seems to me that, as you are aman of considerable intelligence the better course foryou would be to do your duty manfully, and in a littletime you might rise to a position of honor and trust,simply by your abilities; merit does not go unrewarded." Thayer Smiling at the evident "drift" of my "friend,"I replied, "Did you ever know a man to rise to suchpositions in a calling which his soul abhorred! Indeed,is it not impossible?" Thayer—"There is, perhaps, some truth in that;but I am sorry for your family, as they will lose whateverbounty and State aid will be due them." Thayer To which I made no reply, satisfied that my familywould not suffer while the good God presided overthe affairs of men as well as nations. On arriving at the Island, I was taken to Head Q'ra,(Gen. Devens's) where my pockets were searched forpistols, or knives, or other deadly weapons, and I wasordered to divest myself of my vent, (it being a citizen's.)as I should not be allowed to wear It I enteredmy protest, as I had been in the habit of wearingit, and I should be liable to take cold without it; but,finding it would be torn from my body if I refused, Igave it to Thayer, who promised to send it to my wife,with the rest of my clothing, from Taunton; whichwas faithfully done. I then took up my quarters with lath Detachment,Mass. Conscripts, on Saturday, October 10th ; and, onMonday, 12th, I addressed a letter to Own. Devens,explaining my position and purposes, and expressinga willingness to do hospital work; hot received no reply,nor any intimation in regard to it. In the forenoon, we wart ordered on "drill," withoutmuskets; which consisted merely of marchingabout the camp, and learning the "feelings." Thinkingto get some reply Iron Devens, I consented to"drill" once, and ones only. In the afternoon came "drill" again; fast refusing,I was arrested, and placed under a corporal and fileof men, to be marched to the "Guard-House"; butbefore we arrived there, our steps were arrested bythe countermanding of the order by Gen. Devens;and I was marched back to the tent, to remain "untilfarther orders." The next day I was taken to the edge of the highbank that bounds the Island, and a spade was givenme, and I was ordered to dig a sink of the followingdimensions: two feet wide, six feet long, and fourfeet deep. I went cheerfully to work, and it for nearly the whole day; or until I was told bythe corporal that I had done enough. It being veryhard digging, after I get through the soil, I asked fora "pick"; but the Lieutenant told me that I was "doingwell enough without it."  The next day I finished it; the next, I was orderedto fill is up. What prevented them from keepingup the operation till this time has never you been explained;but perhaps the Government one tell. Iwas placed on he further "duty" which I on the Island, except come light "fatigue" work,such as sweeping the Company strict, and pickingup  that always collects about camp.   On or about the 27th October, I went on  thesteamer Forest City, bound for Alexander; on ourway to become a part of the 12th Massachusetts.  One fact, which I forget to mention. While onthe Island, I asked the  Comm'd'g Dbelonging to the 22d Mass. to we has influence to procureme a situation in the hospital as  His replywas, "I cannot use my influences for any one inany such case; as I am opposed to detailing upon forspecial duty. I have seen the evil of it in the Regiment."What the evil was, he did not condescend toinform me. We had some conversation, but little ofwhich I can now call to mind.    Lieut—"Why, then, holding such views, do youvote?" Lieut Reply.—"I do not vote, sir." Reply. Lieut.—"Ah! you are then a Garri, No Government,no Church, no Bible, no Sabbath, no Christianity." Lieut.  Reply—"You are mistaken, sir, in your estimate toMr. Garrison." Reply Lieut.—"But he don't believe in the Bible." Lieut. Reply—"Do you, sir, believe in it as a work of plenaryinspiration?" Reply Lieut.—"Certainly. I must believe in all, or rejectthe whole. Don't you believe in miracles?" Lieut. Reply—"I don't believe a miracle was ever performed." Reply Lieut.—"Oh, I can't talk with you"—and he turnedand left me. Lieut. Nothing occurred, worth mentioning here, on ourway to Alexandria, except that Sergt. Snow; of the12th Mass., ordered me on guard on guard day, and nonotice was taken of my refusal to go. We arrivedin A. on the Sunday following the Tuesday on whichwe west on board, after touching at Fortress Monroe.Immediately on our arrival, a detachment of the164th Maw York, as Irish Zouave Regiment, met uson the wharf, halted, and commenced loading theirguns. Cui bone? We ware all, then, a quiet, unarmed"mob," having made no hostile demonstrations.But perhaps they did not know that a "memberof the Society of Friends" was present Havingperformed that extra-cautious feat, they rangedthemselves on each aide of on, and we were marchedto the Solders' (on)Rest, where, guarded by Zoo-Zooswith loaded guns, and not allowed to go outsideof the building without one or more attending us.We pawed the night. Cui bone On Monday, Nor. Id, we were taken to the Arsenalto get our gone; and the Lieut, who was chargedwith the duty of distribution offered me one, whichI refused to accept, saying, "I have conscientiousscruples against bearing arms." Lieut.—"Well, the Government does not allow usto exercise any discretion in the matter; so I shallhave to strap it on your back." Lieut. Reply—"I expect you will do your duty." Reply Lengthening out the strap, he placed the gun onmy back, so that the strap came across my neck onthe front, while the gun hung suspended at an angleof forty-fire degrees. Ho then offered me a "roundabout."On my refusing to take It, he merely remarked,"I think you are very foolish," and proceededto strap it over the gun; and in fiat way Iwent back with the others to the Soldiers' Rest. Weset our guns up in a pile, and a guard was placedover them till the next day, when we were orderedto put on our roundabouts, and "fall in." The lastorder I complied with, but I did not put on myroundabout. A Corporal was detailed (one of theguard) to distribute the guns; but I did not takeone, and, of course, there was one left. The Captain(Brady) came in soon after, and seeing the gun, inquiredwho "owned" it Nobody seeming to claimit, he tried to And the owner by looking up anddown the line; but as I was in the rear rank, hedid not see me until we commenced marching outof the ball. On seeing me, be exclaimed, "Here Isthe man that sin't got no gun. Here, take this gun!" Reply—"I can't do it." Reply Brady—"What in h—1 is the reason you can't takethis gun?" Brady Reply—"Because I am conscientiously opposed tobearing arms." Reply Brady—"G—d d—n your conscientious scruples!What in h—I do you suppose I care for your scruples?Here! take this gun!" Brady Reply—"I will not." Reply Hereupon he ordered a "halt," and then proceededto strap it on my back; But the "roundabout" wasleft behind. The 12th Mass. was then at Bristow Station, distantsome thirty five miles from Alexandria ever the Orangeand Alexandria railroad. We arrived in the afternoon,and I was attached to Co. D, 12th Mass.Lieut. Bachelder commanding. After phoning mytent, I called on the Lieut and explained my position;that I was "opposed to war as contrary to the spiritand teachings of Christ, and in violation of the bestinterests of mankind." Lieut.—"Well, you had better do your duty; for youwill only make trouble far yourself; you will get inthe guard house, which is a dirty place, and you willbe in the company of deserters; and if you do notchange your mode of action, you will be court and shot" Lieut.  I replied, "Well, let them shoot" Lieut.—"Oh, I can't argue with a man in such acontest as this, about the claims of Christianity." Lieut. The next morning, at 9 o'clock, I was waited on bythe Sergeant of the company, and ordered to "turnout" for drill. I answered, "No, I cannot drill." Sergt..—"Why not?" Sergt.. Reply—"I am conscientiously apposed to bearingarms." Reply Sergt..—"But you must go on drill, or go to theguard-house." Sergt.. Reply—"Then I shall go to the guard-house." Reply He reported me to Major Benjamin F. Cook, ofGloucester, Mass., commanding the regiment I wasordered to appear forthwith at his headquarters. Major—"Do you refuse to drill this morning?" Major Reply—" I do." Reply Major—"What church do you belong to? and whydo you refuse to drill?" Major The first of those questions should be written last. Reply—"Because my conscience will not permit it,and I belong to no church." Reply Major, to his orderly—"Take him out, and tie him upamong the mules." Major Take him out, and tie him upamong the mules. I was taken oat, and tied with my hands behindme to a hind wheel of the regimental wagon, allowingabout two feet play room; the Major himself performingthe operation, saying, at the same time, "I'll seeif you will refuse to do your duty." I remained inthis position from 9 o'clock to the morning till 8 inthe afternoon, without dinner. I was then released,because the teamster wanted to use the wagon. Inregard to being actually "tied up among the mules,"I will here state that the mules (four or them) weretied to the front of the wagon, while I was tied to (berear of the same. While I was so tied, the Major came to see me,and said, "Well, Pratt, are you ready to do your dutynow?" "Not military duty. sir." "Well, whatthe d—l are you here for?" "Because I could notavoid it, honorably." "Why didn't you pay threehundred dollars?" "One reason in, I hadn't it topay." "Well I want you to understand that you havegot to do military duty; I'll have you tried by courtmartial,or tied up here till you will1" "I wouldthank you to have me court martialed at once." The next order was to go on areas parade at sunsetRefusing, no further notice was taken of me except atroll call, till the usual drill-time the next morning,when, refusing again to do "duty" in the matter ofdrill, I was again summered before the Major:— Major—"Do you still refuse to do your duty?" Major Ans.—"I do." Ans. Major—"Take him to his  and pet a knapsackon his back, and skill him in the ," addressinga c who had previously been detailed for thatpurpose. Major    After performing that fact for a few minutes, andbeing advised by the  to 'submit to a powerthat I could not ret," I said, "It is useless to attemptin di me from my purpose; for I have resolvedto die rather than fight." The Major orderedme to take my gun, and dill in the manual of arms.Refusing, he said, "By Christ, I'll fix you, so thatyou'll not refuse again to drill!"     I was taken to the wagon again, and tied to thesame wheel, with my hands behind me, and drawnup between my shoulders till I could bear the weightof my body only on the fore part of my feet, myheels not touching the ground; a position in which,first my fingers, and then my hands, and at last, inabout an hour, my arms, became perfectly numb; andthe pain was so great as to cause the sweat to startfrom every pore in my body. In shout a half hour from the time I was tied up,be (Cock) sent his orderly to inquire if I was readyto do my duty. I answered, "No, I am not." Soonafter, the Major came out, and asked me if there wasno kind of duty that I was ready to do. I repliedthat I had never refused to go into the hospital, buthad offered to do so; that I had steadily refused tobear arms from the first, on principle; that, refusingto put on the clothes, I was stripped, and the clotheswere put on me—refusing to take a gun, it was strappedon my back; that there were several similar casesawaiting the decision of the War Department, andthe number would increase if the drafting continued;all which was news to him, as he said he did notknow there was another case of the kind in the country.He then offered to place me on the pioneer corpsfor the time being, and to use his influence to get mea situation in the hospital, if I would do my duty.He said that the pioneers had no drilling or fightingto do; that there was an order requiring them tocarry a gun, but it was not always enforced. I toldhim I could not carry a gun, but would try a pioneer'swork awhile. On these condition I was then released,after three hours; the Major coming again, in themeantime, in company with a Colonel of one of thePennsylvania Regiments, and Lieut. Col Allen, ofthe 12th Massachusetts, belonging in South Abington.As I had expressed a desire to talk with the Major,he asked me what I had to say. Reply—"My religion is the religion of Christ." Reply Allen—"Poh! Jesus Christ is played out" Allen Penn. Col.—"He (Christ) has got no friends in thearmy of the Potomac." Penn. Col. I was silent. Indeed, of what avail are words atsuch a moment? The Surgeon not only did notmake an examination of me, but, so far as my bestrecollection goes, did not visit me at all. Soon afterI was released, orders came to pack up, and march.Feeling quite unwell, and unable to carry any load inconsequence of a severe attack of lumbago, I went tothe Surgeon, and asked him to get my things carried.He replied, "I should be happy to if I could, but donot know as I can. I will see." Soon after, I wentto him again, and he said, "I win see you on theroad; I cannot carry your things." Weak and inpain as I was, I sat down on the ground, and waitedin hopes that some friendly wagon would assist me;but they left the camp one by one till I was alone;and then, taking up my knapsack, haversack andcanteen, (I had no "pioneer tools,") but leaving thegun on the ground, (the accourtrements were left inAlexandria,) I dragged myself along in the directionof the train, stopping to rest at short intervals. Iarrived in camp at Catlett's Station at about 11o'clock in the night, and lay down perfectly exhaustedon the wet ground till daylight. I was not arrestedfor straggling at this time, nor at any subsequenttime. Know ye, Major Cook, that you did not doyour "duty," inasmuch as it is an offence punishableby court martial to "struggle." The next day, I addressed a letter to Gen. Baxter,Brigade Commander, of the earns general import asmy former ones, but received no response. On thefollowing day, as we were about starting again, Iwent to the Surgeon to get some relief from the incessantpain from which I was suffering, and also tohave my load carried. Ha gave me some medicine,but refused to have my knapsack carried. I startedwith the company, (the Pioneers,) but soon fell out,and pursued my way as well as I was able in my feeblecondition. During this march, occupying threedays and two nights to me,—although the regimentarrived at Brandy Station one day in advance of me,—I slept in the open air, with the blue sky above me,and the damp, cold earth beneath me, protected onlyby a blanket and a piece of tent. I joined the commandat Brandy Station, feeling more dead thanalive; and as they were about starting again, I appliedto the Surgeon to assist me by carrying mythings; but he referred the matter to Cook, saying,"I will assist you if the Major says so." 1 appealedto the Major, who said, "I told you I would try toget you a place in the hospital, if you would do yourduty; and is this doing it? Where is your gun?" Ans.—"I left it on Um ground at Bristow Station." Ans. Cook—"Is this the way you do your duty?" Cook Ans.—"Did I not tell you that I could not carry agun? Besides, my health will not admit of it." Ans. Cook—"Well, you mast try to get along as fast asyou can. I don't mean to show many favors to a manthat shirks his duty as you have done." Cook Ans.—" I have shirked nothing, air, nor do I meanto." Ans. Finding I could get no assistance, I was finallyobliged to attempt to march with the rest. Ourcoarse was back again, acr the Rappahannock, asfar as Beaiton, where we arrived the next day; stopping,however, late at night, to camp, after placingthe Rappahannock between as and the rebels.  I placed myself under Um Surgeon's care at Bealton,expecting to find relief from my sufferings, andafter several day a' mat, began to feel better. Withreturning health came a review of myself in the past,and my position at present, and I formed my resolutionfor the future. One incident in passing. On the morning afterour arrival at Bealton, I called on Lieut. Bachelder,commanding the company, and naked him for a copyof the revised Army Regulations. He said he hadnone, but asked me what I wished to know, as hecould give me any information necessary. I told himI wished to know if officers had a legal right to punisha private severely, by torture, without a trial."Yes," he replied, "to any extent that is necessaryto enforce obedience." "Then military law does notallow a man a trial, except at the option of his commandingofficer! Is that it?" "Yes, God d—n it,we have got something else to do besides court martialingmen," he answered. Reply—"I thought there was at least a show ofjustice in the army; bat if your interpretation is correct,then I am mistaken." Reply Lieut.—"Who in h—ll is it that is defending yourwife from rebel invasion, if it is not this same army?We are acting purely on the defensive. It is a caseof life and death. What would you do if a madmanshould come into your house, and attempt to murderyour family? Would you not fight? We came hereto defend Washington. The rebels would have burntit long ago, had it not been for this army. G—dd—n it, what kind of government would you have,if you had your way?" Lieut. Reply—"In the extreme case that you mention, Iknow not what I should do; none of us can tell untilwe are placed in those circumstances. DefendingWashington are you? Desolating the whole of EasternVirginia, turning its fruitful fields into rrenwastes, far beyond the line of defence, is like twoneighbors, owning farms adjoining and getting intoa contact about the boundary line. They meet onthe line, and resolve to submit the matter to personalconflict, one proving stronger than the othercauses him (the weaker) to ran to the shelter of hiscastle, his home, his all; but not contact with this,the stronger burns his house, his harm, his fences, andthreatens him with the direct vengeance if he doesnot submit to his demands. I would have a governmentwhere all foreign, all intestine differences aresettled by arbitration." Reply  My answers caused strongly dissenting replies fromseveral members of the company gathered around us,the Lieutenant saying. "Well, when you field such aGovernment as that, the millennium will not be foroff. I believe I understand the position of the Government—that it is battling against a horde of despicablethough powerful traitors, who are seeking torend asunder the fairest and best organized institutionsthe world ever saw; that we are not mereneighbors, living side by side, but one great familyof States, and, therefore, ours is an internecine war;and that it must assert and maintain the majesty oflaw, or to 'night and silence sink for evermore." O, man! best not learned yet that the truth onnever die? Crushed it may be; buried beneath thedust and rubbish of ignorance, superstition, bigotryand pride; but from the ashes of past folly and presentblindness and institution, it will yet rise, Phoenixlike, in renewed strength and beauty, to bless andsave thy race from misery and crime! I saw that, by consenting to do "duty," I was asked directly in the war by taking the place ofanother; and this, after weighing the matter thoroughlyprompted a letter to Cook, which time andspace will not permit me to publish at this time.But now appears the animus of cook in his treatment. animus After writing the letter, I was thrown into theDivision guard house, and it was referred to Gen. Newwho returned it with the following order.  "Ordered, That the private Pratt be remandedagain to duty; if he refuses, to be sent to CorpsHeadquarters in irons." I refused, and was ironed; but instead of beingsent to Corps Headquarters, as was order. I wassent to Division Headquarters, by means of whichwas kept in the guard-house some six weeks longer;whereas, if the order had been carried out, I shouldhave been sent on to Washington at once, as no prisonersare kept at Gen. Newton's Headquarters, hebeing commander of the first corps. charges were preferred against me for "uttering treasonlanguage." First, "mutiny and disobedienceof orders." But probably finding that could not beproved against me, it was so changed as to make itnecessary to lay the matter before the Governmentand await the slow process of its complicated machineryAsking for a speedy trial, I received only evasiveanswers. My treatment in the guard-house was the same thatis meted out to the worst offenders; handcuffed atnight and on the march ; going twenty four andsomething forty-eight hours without food, exceptwhat I was so fortunate as to pick up, which I oftendid, covered with mud as it often was. On the 26th of November last, the army moved beyondthe Rapidan. On starting, I had not even acrumb of bread or a morsel of meat in my haversack;and that was the condition of most of the prisoners,except those who had money to buy before we started;and the sum total of what we got from Governmentduring the next eight days consisted of five crackers,and about two pounds of fresh meat. I picked hereand there an acorn, that the squirrels had not evenI gathered the kernels of corn that the horses andleft before us; I picked up bones all covered withand gnawed them, until weak from hunger andexhaustion, and sick from exposure, I reached Kelly'sFord back again on the Rappahannock. And yet weare told by Cook that he (Pratt) received the sameshelter and rations that Government furnished theother conscripts! At this place (Kelly's Ford) I applied for a trial onceto Cook, and once to the Judge Advocate (Lieut.Meade)—but got only evasive answers from one, andand downright incivility from the other. On the 11th of January , I had orders to "pack up,"and report to the Provost Marshal, (Lieut. Mason,)12th Mass. Infantry,) who read to me an order fromSecretary Stanton, requiring him to release J. WesleyPratt, "a member of the Society of Friends "frommilitary duty, on giving say parole of honor to returnwhen called for. I said, there is a mistake there; Iam not a member of the Friends' Society, and neverpretended to be. Still, waiving that matter, after myexplanation, I gave my parole of honor, and came onto Washington; and as I had received no pay, havingrefused to do so, a friend, Robert Josselyn, of W.,very kindly loaned me the necessary sum, for whichhe has my heartfelt thanks. Allow me to improve the present opportunity tothank those kind friends who assisted my family,  during my absence. To Mr. Draper, ofHopedale, especially, for his timely gift—Alfred H.Love, of Philadelphia—Charles Perry of Westerly,R.I.—J.P. Blanchard, of Boston—Ezra H. Heywood,of Princeton, the gifted champion of the right of man,who was indefatigable in his efforts—and last thoughnot least, Samuel F. Sewell, of Boston, and Gov. Andrew, the peerless chief magistrate of the old BayState—am I deeply indebted for their influence in procuring my release.  J. WESLEY PRATT. 

 JAMES REDPATH, Boston, has  ready.  I. THE MORALS OF EPICTETCS. A By Ellis Walker, M.A.    II. SPIRITUAL TORRENTS. By Madame cloth, 75c.  III. THE ROSE FAMILY: a FAILY TALL By M. Alcott. Illustrated. 25c. AILY ALL  IV. BIOGRAPHY AND AUTOBIOGRAPHY OFTOUSSAINT L'OUVERTURE— "The Negro "The greatest military genius whom the New produced up to the present time," "a man whom was more marvelous than any  With autograph and map. $1.25.      V. SPEECHES, LECTURES AND LETTERS. ByWendell Phillips. $1. VI. CROQUET. By Capt. Mayne   VII. BOOKS FOR THE CAMP FIRES Picket Duty and Other Tales. By I.M. Clotolle: a Tale of the South. By a fine Illustrations.) No. 3. the  By No.4 Gulliver's Travels. Voyage to No. 5. Victor Hugo's Battle of Hospital Sketches. By L.M. these books contains at least  pages, bound; each is complete  itself, and Price, Ten cents each! They are the  books of published. "Just the books to read to the "Equally adapted to home fores."             Ten cents each    home ☞Mailed on receipt of price by JAMES RUDOLPHPublisher, Boston. Terms to the Trade, News Declares and 10c. books, $6.50 for 100; $60 per 1000; for the one-fourth distance from retail price for one one-third for 25copies; 40per cent, copies, nett, cash with order. Terms to the Trade, News Declares and      cash with order. March 25. 

 ALL interested in Phonographic shorthand should for the PHONOGRAPHIC VISITOR, No. cents; Nos. 1 and 2, twelve cents. No. 2 Phonographic Alphabet, gives above, and all general principle of the Art. Address     ANDREW J. GRAHAM,ly Dec. 1. 

 THE undersigned begs leave to inform his the public, that (owing to ill health) he obliged to leave his situated at  H.R. &Co's, now Measures. Shreve, Stanwood &Co's, where been employed for the last fourteen years, the work too heavy for his physical strength, and is now to do all manner of        In the most careful manner. New Fixtures put up, old Fixtures and Glass drops Gas Fixtures done ever, and Gas furnished at short notice. Also, Gas Burners of approved kinds.     Particular attention given to Lighting up for  Lighting up for   Shop under the Ma Hotel. Orders may be Masers. Hall &Stewell's Provision Store, 132 Boston.    NELSON L.   Refers to Shreve, Stanwood &Co.Oct. 16—ly 

