 " THE HISTORY OF THE REBELLION, its Authorsand Causes," an octavo volume of 598 pages, uponwhich Joshua R. Giddings bestowed three years of labor,has been published by Follett, Foster &Co., Philadelphia,and appears after the death of its lamentedand patriotic author. It treats (to quote the PhiladelphiaPress) freely and fearlessly of the authors of therebellion, most of whom Mr. Giddings knew, havinglong been a distinguished member of Congress, backingJohn Quincy Adams when put on his trial, in theHouse, for his anti-slavery action there, and bring himselfpersecuted, in the same place, about the sametime, for similar manifestations. Indeed, the greaterpart of this volume is the parliamentary history of thethirty years before the election of Mr. Lincoln feastedwith graphic power, and veritable, because written byone who tell power he witnessed and snared in. Thereis a minute account of the election of Mr. Banks, asSpeaker, in 1868, when the oath taken by that functionarywas administered by Mr. Giddings, the oldestmember of the House. The history it carried downto a period subsequent to the inauguration of PresidentLincoln and is evidently the production of anable, earnest, patriotic, and experienced statement. Itis enriched with an excellent analytical index. HE ISTORY OF THE EBELLION Press The memory of John R. Giddings should ensurea quick sale and a wide circulation to a week to historicallyvaluable as this. By it he, "bring yet "   THE ATLANTING MONTHLY FOR JULY. The July is received. This is the first number of thefourteenth volume. The list of contributors is as follows:—Nathaniel Hawthorne, William Cullen Bryant,Oliver Wendell Holmes, Harrier Beecher Stowe,Harriet E. Prescott, Fits Hugh Ludlow, George S.Long, C.C. Coffin, ("Carleton,") Henry W. Longfellow, Ralph Walde Emerson, Louis Agassix, DonaldG. Mitchell, Gall Hamilton, David A. Wasson, FrancisWilliams, G. Reynolds, and the author of "Lifeis the Iron Mills." The  are—The Wife'sstory, Palingeneals, Glorying in the Good, ,The Return of the Birds, Wet Weather Work, Mexic,The Rim, Watching, On  into Oregon,Ice Period in America, House and House Papers, Hawthorne,A Scene from the Deliver Romance, InMemory of J.W. and R.W., Currency, Meyerbeer,The May Campaign in Virginia, and Reviews andLiterary Notices. Among the features of the numberare three, to which the publishers direct specialattention. "The scene from the Dolliver Romance,"Hawthorne's unfinished novel, the important andtimely "House and Home Paper," by Mrs. Stowe,upon American Manufactures for American Women,and the resume by "Carleton" of Gen. Grant's VirginiaCampaign. HE TLANTING ONTHLY FOR ULY.     The subscription price of the Atlantic is $3 per year,in advance. Subscriptions may begin with any number.Reduction to Clubs. The postage must in allcases be paid at the office where it is received. Ticknor&Fields, publishes, Boston, Mass. Atlantic 

 The Radical Democrats—The Copperhead Democrats—The Difference between them. The Radical Democrats The Copperhead Democrats—The Difference between them. SARATOGA, (N.Y.,) June 20, 1864. ARATOGA WM, LLLOYD GARRISON: M LLOYD ARRISON MY FRIEND—The New Nation the organ, if Imistake not, of Fremont, and of the party which sustainedhim, and which all themselves the RadicalDemocracy in a recent editorial on the principles andpositions of the party and its presidential candidate,says— Y RIEND New Nation 'There is so little difference between this partyand the Democratic party, that it would be easy toadopt a common ticket, which would sweep everything before it." This same Fremont organ also says— "On to the common enemy! Down with Lincoln!Such be our battle-cry! Let there be but two parties;let al be for or against Lincoln. for against Thus, the organ of Fremont, his party being witnesses,urges that the difference between the RadicalDemocracy and the Copperhead Democracy is aslight and unimportant, that both may join in oneticket. Is the Radical Democracy ready to construetheir platform in regard to the abolition and perpetuationof slavery as does the Copperhead Democracy?Will Ferment accept the construction of Wool, Cox,Vorhees, Vallandigham, or his? So it seems, theirorgan being witness. "On to the common enemy!" What is that commonenemy! Slavery! No—but Lincoln. "Downwith Lincoln!" Not Down with slavery!" is to be"the battle-cry" of freeman as well as of Vallandighamhis organ being witness. "Let there be buttwo parties", not one to abolish and another to sustainslavery—but one party to sustain and the otherto put down Lincoln. The New Nation thinks allshould be—not for or against slavery but for aagainst Lincoln. Thus, that organ of the RadicalDemocracy admits that the party was formed not to put down slavery but to put down Lincoln; not to embody and give effect to the concentrated hatred ofthe people against slavery but to gather up and concentratewhatever hatred may exist against Lincoln.Thus both parties the Radicals and the Copperheads,the organ of Fremont being witness, would asset thatLincoln, not slavery, is the cause of the war and its New Nation Then again the New Nation says—"Grant is thecompletes and dearest failure of all the many blundersmade by the Administration. Halleck was worthlessbut almost harmless; Grant is still more worthlessbut does still more harm ... If Grant does nottake Richmond by the fourth of July, it is clear thatthe Administration, with a guilty design, has abused thecredulity of the people, and that Grant through stupidor malice has been the accomplice of a disloyalmalice, with the aim of assuming the supremecommand of the army and of procuring, in exchange, Lincolnelection." New Nation with a guilty design through stupidor malice with the aim of assuming the supremecommand of the army and of procuring, in exchange, Lincolnelection. The New York World chimes in and says—"Downwith the Republicans and rebels the twin curses ofthe country! These factions have been equally thecurse of the country; and it is the duty of the countryto rally at the next election, and post down Lincoln,as well as his confederate, Jeff. Davis." World The New York News the organ of the Woods, a letter from a Peace Democrat who saaaaays—"AS far as my observation goes, there has been ascandidate before the people since the war began, whocould with more propriety claim the support of thepeace element"; and this conclusion is made becomehe thinks Fremont is opposed to armed coercion—to "the prosecution of the war"—to put down therebellion and save the Republic from the Slave Power.The News thinks Fremont "is the first one whohas had the moral courage to drop the senseless of a vigorous prosecution of hostilities" againstthe rebellion. He thinks Fremont the most "availablecandidate," and has "the strongest element todefeat the Administration." The News assures itsCopperhead patrons that they "can bymore votes by uniting on Fremont than they can bymaking another and a third nomination." News armed coercion News News Fremont says—"The object of the war is to makepermanently secure the peace and happiness of thewhole country and there was but a single element in theway of its attainment. This element of slavery may beconsidered practically destroyed in the country and needsonly your proposed amendment of the Constitutionto make its extinction complete. With this extinctionof slavery the party division created by it have alsodisappeard." whole practically destroyed in the country and needs have alsodisappeard. So, Fremont place himself by the side of Seymour,Wood, Cox, and Vallandigham, and insists that questionsrelating to slavery and its abolition should somore be introduced into the politics of the nation,because slavery has disappeard and "the partydivided created by it hare also disappeared." This heas his fixed policy in his letter of acceptance;and if elected President, he will ignore all questionsrelating to slavery. What does he mean by this?That he would consign the negro to the tender mercyof kidnappers, asking no questions; or that he wouldregard and treat every man, woman and child as free,and no more regard any one as a slave The Coppheadsconsider him as abandoning the slave entirely. Seymour,Wood, Cox Vallandigham the partydivided created by it hare also disappeared. HENRY C. WIGHT. SARATOGA June 21, 1864. ARATOGA DEAR GARRISON—I have just heard of your beingat the Convention in Baltimore, and of your visit tothe President. Heaven can only see the joy of myheart, that you were present at that Convention, towitness then and there—where you were imprisonedfor your principles—the complete triumph of thoseprinciples over the nation. Then and there Churchand State. the Religion, the Politics, the Literature,the Commerce and the Conventionalism of the nationsurrendered at discretion—took off the moral andmilitary weapons with which they had all fought yourprinciples, and laid them at your feet. As you lookedupon the nation there assembled by its representatives,to pay homage to the one grand, overmasteringidea of your life—that slavery is a sin, per se, and immediate,unconditional emancipation that right of theslave, and the duty of the enslaver —I enter into theone deepest emotion of your soul—"Not unto us, butunto thee, O God of the slave, he all the gloryThe nation, in intent and profession, (and soon to beso practically) is penitent and prostrate before thenegro, whom it has outraged; and you, who, morethan thirty years ago, declared your intent to abolishslavery by the spirit of repentance were present to behold that act of national repentance and justiceNot only abolition but the prohibition of slavery forever,by a change in the organic law of the government!Now, in the language of Lincoln to the Committeeappointed by the nation to present to him itsplatform and to inform him of his renomination.I would say—"IN THE JOINT NAME OF LIBERITY ANDUNION, let us labor to give to it (the prohibition ofslavery within the limits of the United States)LEGAL FORM AND PRACTICAL EFFECTThis done, and our work is done, so far as the abolitionof chattel slavery is concerned. The nation hassaid the word—has made the decree, "Let slaveryand be forever prohibited wherever the governmentholds jurisdiction." Let us labor to givethat decree "LEGAL FROM AND PRACTICAL EFFECT."And it was the President himself who gave the keynoteto the Convention, through Senator Morgan, whocalled it to order. He will be all the dearer to thenation and his name all the higher on the scroll ofdestiny for doing so. HENRY C. WRIGHT. EAR ARRISON your visit to I enter into the by the spirit of repentance platform N THE JOINT NAME OF IBERITY NION 

 ☞ TERMS—Three dollars per annum, in advance. ☞ Four copies will be sent to one address for TENDOLLARS, if payment is made in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all letters to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to be, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent.   ☞ Advertisements of a square and over inserted three at five cents per line; less than a square, 75 cents free insertions. Yearly and half yearly advertisementinserted on reasonable terms.   ☞ The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentlemen constitute the Financial, but are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz:— WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, EJACKSON, and WILLAM L. GARRISON, JR.  ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY   ACKSON ILLAM ARRISON R. 

 MARYLAND has wheeled late line, and another undimmedstar shines out in the constellation of FreeStates. Her Constitutional Convention, in session atAnnapolis, passed yesterday the following article ofher Bill of Rights: ARYLAND "HEREAFTER IN THIS STATE THERE SHALL BE BETWEEN SLAVERYFOR INVOLUNTARY SERVITUDE, EXCEPT IN PUNISHMENTFOR CRIME, WHEREOF THE PARTY SMALL HAVE BEEN DULYCONVICTED; AND ALL PERSONS HELD TO SERVICE OR LABORAS SLAVES ARE HEREBY DECLARED FREE." In every Church in the land there ought to-morrowto be offered solemn prayers of thanksgiving to God,that to the people of that State He has given grace, atlength, to obey His mandate to "Let the Oppressed goFree." A new prosperity will, in due season, followthat obedience, and her children rejoice that the cursethat has rested so long upon her labor, and hinderedher growth, is removed forever.—N.Y. Tribune. N.Y. Tribune. 

 "I lay this down as the low of nations. I say that militaryauthority takes, for the time the place of all municipalinstitutions, and SLAVERY AMONG THE REST;and that under that state of things, so far from its beingtree that the States where slavery exists have the exclusivemanagement of the subject, not only the PRESIDENT OFTHE UNITED STATES, but the COMMANDER OF THE ARMY,HAS POWER TO ORDER THE UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATIONOF THE SLAVES . . . . From the instantthat the slaveholding States become the therefore of a war,CIVIL servile or foreign from that instant the war of  extend to interference with the institution ofslavery, IN EVERY WAY IN WHICH IT CAN WITH from a claim of industry for slaves taken or destoryedto the occasion of States, burdened with slavery, toa foreign power. . . . It is a war power. I say it is a warpower; and when your country is actually in war, whetherit be a war of invasion or a war of insurrection, Congresshas power to  on the war, and MUST CARRY IT ON, ACCORDINGTO THE LAWS OF WAR; and by the laws of war,an invaded country has all its laws and municipal institutionsswept by the board, and MARTIAL POWER TAKES THEPLACE OF THEN. When two hostile armies are act in martialarray, the commanders of both armies have power to emancipateall the slaves in the invaded territory." J.Q. ADAMS. RESIDENT OFTHE NITED TATES OMMANDER OF THE RMY     DAMS. 

 REPEAL OF THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW. At mostany other time, the repeal by Congress of the FugitiveSlave Laws of 1793 and 1850 would be the themeof general comment. But it comes now as a matterof course. The signature of the President, perfectlycertain, is now all that is needed to make the repeal alaw, forever irresponsible. The Act reads as follows: EPEAL OF THE UGITIVE LAVE AW. "That sections three and four of an act entitled 'Anact respecting fugitives from justice, and persons escapingfrom the service of their masters, passed February12, 1798,' and an Act entitled 'An act to amen,and supplementary to, the act entitled an act respectingfugitive from justice, and persons escaping fromthe service of their masters, passed February 12, 1793,passed September, 1850,' be and the same are herebyrepealed." The Senate passed the act the following vote:— Yeas—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,Conness, Dixon, Foote, Grimes, Hale, Harian, Harris,Hicks, Howard, Howe, Lane, (Ind.,) Lane, (Kansas,)Morgan, Morrill, Pomerdy, Ramsay, Sherman,Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade andWilson. Yeas Nays—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Cowan, Davis,Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Powell, Riddle, Saulsbury,Van Winkle, and Willey. Nays The nays, of course, are all Democrats, exceptingJohnson, Mary, an Van Winkle and Willey, WestVirginia. The Free State Union men voted a solidYea. The last fugitive has been hunted on free soil.Perhaps most of us may live to see the time whenthere will be no more fugitive from slavery, nor anyslavery in this land to flee from.—Boston Journal. Boston Journal. ☞ The Senate has repealed the Fugitive SlaveLaw, by a vote of 27 to 12. Charles Sumner, whohas so earnestly labored since his first entrance intothe Senate to bring this about, is entitled to especialcredit for having insisted on the action by the presentCongress, although many professedly anti-slavery mendeclared the law was already dead, and sought to avoidits repeal. INTER-STATE SLATE TRADE. In the U.S. Senate,Jan. 25, Mr. Sumner's amendment to prohibit the inter-Stateslave trade was rejected by twenty to thirteen.Amendments were adopted, appropriating tenthousand dollars to publish the continuation of School-craft'swork on the Indians, allowing colored personsto appear as witnesses in the courts of the UnitedStates, consolidating various Western Territories intofewer land districts, and for other purposes. Afterconsiderable discussion, the committee rose, an thebill was reported to the Senate, when Mr. Sumner'samendment to put an end to the inter-State slave tradewas again voted on, and adopted, an the bill was thenpassed, there being only four negative votes. NTER TATE LATE RADE. WASHINGTON, June 22. Mr. Sumner presented a petitionof Horace Sprigg, a colored citizen of Washington,which representing that prior to April, 1862, he wasa slave of John Parker, and that he had purchased inthe name of his brother-in-law, a freemason, hisdaughter, then a slave by said Parker, and had paidabout two hundred dollars to the Emancipation Commissioners,before whom he appeared, claiming fullcompensation as the virtual owner of Martha AnnSprigg: they refused to allow the claim, on the groundthat a slave could not acquire slave property accordthat a slave could not acquire slave property accordingto the then existing laws. He asks Congressfor compensation. ASHINGTON 

 From the Lincoln Evening Standard—[Tory-Rebel Organ.] Extraordinary power pf expression characterizesthe speeches of Mr. Wendell Phillips. It is combinationof this quality with a manly straigbtforwardnessand an entire absence of that afflectionof which his countrymen are so deeply enamored,that has often extorted our reluctant admiration.We could have wished to yield our esteem in anequal degree to the chief amongst American orators.But from this we were debarred by the stange policywhich he has advocated with the utmost zeal andenergy. We behold in him a man who, more thanall other Federal politicians, "gave up to party whatwas meant for mankind;" who, possessed throughthe whole of his life with one idea—an idea sufficientlynoble in itself, the hatred of slavery, but littlescrupulous as to the means by which that could becarried out—was through his false notions of consistency,an enemy to the peace and prosperity ofhis country. Had he been one of the vulgar andgreedy demagogues who trade upon war, becausethey are aware that their peculations are less liableto discovery in stormy seasons, we should not havethought him equally dangerous, but we could notfail to discern that his very genius and honesty renderedhim a fitting tood for the bad purpose of menmore cunning, but lessable and honest, than himself.It is satisfactory to know that our misgivings to someextent beyond the actual facts of the case. Mr.Wendell Phillips has roused himself from the deathlikelethargy of the enchanted ground; whatevermay be his ultimate course of action, it is clear thathis judgment is no longer the slave of those passionsand prejudices which influence the Northern mindis a remarkable speech delivered upon Tuesday,May 10th, at the Church of the Puritans, on thelist anniversary of the American Anti-Slavery Societyhe points out with as much foresight as vigor,the tendency of the unhappy war now desolatingthe New World. The conclusions at which he arressare not new to us, for we have insisted uponthem long before the present crisis; but in thosequarters which our voice could not penetrate, thetestimony of Wendell Phillips cannot be rejected. Ever since the commencement of the Americanwas we have dwelt upon the impossibility of revivingthe United State, as they once existed, especiallyif forcible means were employment for that object. Wehave been accused of jealously, of a want of sagacityin not deserving the future destiny of a youngand glorious Republic, of grossly exaggerating thelove or fatherland cherished by the inhabitants ofthe South. Let the admires of Mr. Foster listen tothe language of Wendell Phillips:—"The youngestAmerican will not live to see a restoration of the republicof his forefathers." Again, "You can neverrestore the Union by force. . . . This war has builton a unanimous Confederate sentiment. . . . If therebellion reel in Virginia, it will by no means bebroken if it quits the Old Dominion. . . . Weknow the South now, its willingness to die for itsideas, its readiness for every sacrifices, and its indomnablepride." The argument of the American oratora unanswerable as it embodies a historical fact. Atthe commencement of the war, the South struggledto preserve the rights of independent states; communityof suffering and participation in victory onbehalf of a common cause and in defence of commoninterests have awakened national feeling; theSouthern States, but little united previously, havebeen weided into one empire; the people of theCarolinas are as eager to preserve Richmond as thebase of their operations, as the Virginian is to relievehis native soil from the unhallowed tread of the foregesavader. Good has thus come out of evil; theobstinacy of Federal ambition has caused disunion athome, whilst it has promoted unwavering allianceamongst several enemies. To no single inch ofConfederate ground can the Government of Washingtonlay claim, unless it is occupied by one of theirarmies. We have not been content with looking at the effectproduced by the war upon, the Southern enemy,we have also ventured to predict the consequencesto the North itself—impaired finances and militarydespotism. Upon these subjects English supportersof the war have been, even beyond their wontedhabit, notably voluble. The resources of Americaare, we are told so experience, that we must not comparethe greenbacks of Mr. Chase to the assignatsof the French revolutionary leaders. Unhappily thequestion arises, do American politicians hold the sanguineviews of their distant sympathizers? WendellPhillips, at any rate, prophesies, in his metaphoricallanguage, expansivements of a very different characterexpansiveness of national and personal incumbrance—The right arm of every man in the countryand every made child hereafter to be born into it,are and will be mortgaged to pay the interest on thedebt." It has been denied that military despotism mayin all probability be engendered by the prolongationof the present war. A Republican force is not,it is said, like a standing army levied by ambitiousKing and Emperors it is composed of citizens attachedto the laws and institutions of their country.In answer to this shallow rodomontade we will notpoint out, as we fairly might, what the practice ofthe Federal President and his advisers has been;we will leave unnoticed immurements in fortresses,wholesale confiscations of property government byrapacious major generals, and will simply ask uponwhat data this behind in the superior moderation ofRepublicanism is founded? If ever an army mightbe called civi, it was that of the French Revolution.It was commanded by pure Republicans;scarcely one soldier could be found in it who wasnot both in principle and action a Democrat; and,yet in a few years this army of citizens actually leviedto protect the new institutions of France andto disseminate its extravagant doctrines, was themainstay of despotism. But Cronwell's army waseasily disbanded, and retired without bloodshed intoprivate life. We will not say a word upon the loveof a settled life which distinguishes an Englishmenfrom an American, whose early habits dispose himto continual movement but would rather ask whetherthe historical instance is in point. Can any onecontend that the army which had trampled underfoot the authority of the Parliament for whose causeit was levied would not have been dangerous if ithad not been deprived of leaders? Its best officerswere either in the Tower, or engaged upon theunder side in the interests of peace and loyalty.Wendell Phillips may be allowed to know somethingthat "no such despotism as must exist inAmerica if the war should continue, exists on thisside of the wall of China." Although he despairs ofpeace, even though Grant should be unexpectedlysuccessful he remarks that "if peace comes, 800,000 men will be thrown upon the community, unfittedfitted for the ordinary avocations of life, and thereforea standing menace to public liberty; for half acentury no one but a soldier will have a chance ofthe Presidency." His intense hatred of slaverydoes not blind him, although addressing an anti-slaveryaudience, to the danger incurred by the whitepopulation of America—If I were a negro slave,I would pray that the war might last twenty years;for the war will benefit the black race, and ultimatelyraise it to the social and political level of thewhite; but as an American white citizen, 1 deprecateeven a month's continuance of the war, becauseI see in it the seeds of debt, military ambition,and despotism, against the progress of which aredemanded a virtue aid intelligence in the masseswhich do not exist in America, and which neverexisted anywhere else, if history be true." In his address of May 10th, Wendell Phillips hasfar exceeded the boldness of any American statesmanwho has advocated a return to peace, It remainsto be seen whether President Lincoln willdare to treat the champion of anti-slavery as he didMr. Vallandigham. Perhaps not, for the Presidentis wise in worldly matters, and Mr. Phillips has hisfollowers. It remains also to be seen whether theorator will be as logical in drawing his inference asin laying down his premises, or whether he will persuadeothers whilst he himself is unconverted to faras action is concerned. He sees the right course:will he adopt it in practice? His choice is betweentwo extremes, one conferring immortal renown, theother involving indelible disgrace. Ha can eitheraim at the civic crown of the sincere patriot, ormust sink into the unhonored grave of the gloomyfatalist. 

 The nomination of Lincoln is heartily endorsed byall our Union men. A ratification meeting was heldhere, which was enthusiastic. This would not havebeen so, if the friends of Fremont did not think he haddeserted them. I report what they say. They saythey have done with Fremont, because he has goneover to the Copperheads. They expected the Copperheadswould unite with the Radicals, not that the Radicalswould make the advances to them. They do notsee how the most disloyal can object to Fremont.They say he has deleated McClellan, and broken upwhat is left of the Democratic party, or reorganized itwith the Radicals on one wing, the Democracy on theother. They are indignant that Fremont should complainof arbitrary arrests, when hitherto no one hasfeared them but the disloyal. The originators of thesecomplaints are known to have made them, not becausethey were just, but because they had nothing else tosay; that Fremont should take up these worn-out,second handed things, and become the apologist ofVallandigham, seems monstrous. Meanwhile, theCopperheads rejoice, and applaud Fremont; but theydo not, as yet, propose to vote for him. It is said noman has ever before so completely cut his own throat,both before and behind. They point to him as an instanceof a man naturally honest, brave, and patriotic,trying to be a politician. He is like a blacksmith tryingto make a watch. There are other bitter things said about Fremont,and I have not seen a Union man who does not endorsethem—in particular, they think he shows spite againstthe President, which is, to say the least, undignified.—Caire Corr. Tribune. Caire Corr. Tribune. ☞ Let it be passed around from hand to hand, untilevery workingman in the land has committed it tomemory, that when ABRAHAM LINCOLN, our President,and ANDREW JOHNSON formerly Senator, andnow Governor, two workingmen and champions of labor,were nominated for office, the organ of the Democracy at them as "a rail-splitting buffoon,and a boorish tailor, both from the backwoods, both growingup in  ignorance" Thus we see that when laboringmen by their own industry rise to honor, thesenew  Democrats have no name for them butwords of contempt and .—Philadelphia Press. BRAHAM INCOLN NDREW OHNSON  a rail-splitting buffoon,and a boorish tailor, both from the backwoods, both growingup in  ignorance    Philadelphia Press. FREMONT STOCK. The Casenovia Republican speaksthus  of the Fremont party in thattown: REMONT TOCK. Republican  "The Bolters will  be glad to know somethingabout the condition and feelings of their party inthis town. We are glad to be able to give full and reliableinformation. A strict regard for truck compelsus to admit that the Fremont  in this town in aunited and determined party. It is literally a —consisting of one individual. No difficulties can thereforeexist in the action of the party, and so danger ofa split seed be cipated."     ☞ The most  anti-Lincoln paper in theWest has been the St. Louis —and the most. It now comes out in a few  worksof  on the Baltimore , and line thus:—         "We can  the  of the of Grant  than that of Mr. plain duty, which we  with              

 What is a copperhead? A crawling animal, ever supple, creating nothing,breaking nothing, but destroying every thing ittouches. What is most like a copperhead? Lincoln's administration. Why? Because crawling with regard to foreign powers,supple and humble as regards parties, incapable ofcreating popular enthusiasm and credit, as well asof crushing the rebellion, it has destroyed all it hastouched—national honor and dignity abroad, prosperityand liberty at home. What is a factionist? A man who, from any personal feeling whatever,sacrifices his country to his person, instead of sacrificinghis person to his country. Who is the principal factionis: in the UnitedStates? Jefferson Davis. Who is the second? Lincoln. Why? Because he has not hesitated to sacrifice to hispersonal ambition the union of patriots so indispensableto the maintenance of the unity of the free institutionsof his country. What factionists come after him?. Contractors and other privileged persons unitedat Baltimore to make sure of the benefits they acquirethrough the Administration, by prolonging itsduration at the expense of the people. Is Fremont a factionist? No, for Fremont has spontaneously offered to retireto make room for any patriot, who by his antecedentswould be neither a danger, a shame, nor athreat to the institutions of his country. Are the men who are united at Cleveland factionists? No, for they have preceded every other manifestationof popular will, and constitute, up to thepresent day, the only real and disinterested manifestationof the people; strangers to all contracts, toall privileges, who sustain the nation by their toil,their taxes, their blood, and in going to Clevelandthey could have no other interest than that of controllingthe effect and making certain the success ofthe sacrifices they impose upon themselves for thedefence of the country—New Nation. New Nation. 

 A correspondent of the Cincinnati Gazette furnishessome interesting additional facts covering the reflectGen Morgan's ruled on Catharine. The losses of thebusiness men amount to $250,000, of which secessionistslets lose folly two thirds. The rebel wounded left behindin one of the churches are nursed by the seceshwomen of the town and for fifty miles around. Fromthe tender care shown them the boquets and wreathswhich decorate their couches and the coffins of thedead, a visitor would justice himself to be in a rebeltown which had temporary come into our possession;for the rebel women spurned our wounded insulted inevery possible manner the loyal woman who nursedthem and throw out significant hints that the Unionmen who had field at Morgan's approach would yet beshot or hung by their friends. The correspondentsays— "It is motorizes that Morgan's first hand, who enteredthe town on Wednesday, found hot meals readyfor them and were welcomed by the most extravagantdemonstration. It is also a fact that Bob Berry, sonof Colonel Berry, visited a relative living west ofCynthiana and  that Morgan would be at Cynthianain a few days.  At the first  of the rebels into Cynthiana onWednesday Perry Wherritt,  Mayor of by the  vote, bragged of having givenaid and comfort to the rebel same, and was prevent atTow need Bridge when it was burned. He also the rebel to the store of John L. McGee.When McGee protested against the robbery the rebelsproduced and read a written order signed by JohnMorgan directing the parties who held it to plunderhis stores. Similar orders in reference to other practicewere produced.      On Saturday citizen were robbed within five feetof where John Morgan stood. His soldiers robbedmen tat Ma pressers. They obtain large same ofmoney, nineteen pocket-banks having been found onthe person of the prisoner taken by   Colonel Alton, of Morgan's staff. In conversationwith a Union lady where ha was quarried , sealed thatit had been in the power of the rebel at any timewithin three months to kill or carry of any of theloyal people of Cynthiana. They bad matters so arrangedthat constant communication was kept as withtheir speech Mends in Cynthiana, and a descriptivelist of the loyal men bad been famished then, whichstowed who they were, what they were worth, etc.This list was prod need and seen." The most marked sympathy with the enemy wasshown in the treatment of the rebel and Union dead.The former were interred in handsome coffins deckedwith flowers, whim the Union dead, by order of thecity authorities, have been buried in the negro quarterof the ground as a studied insult, in most caseswithout coffins. "An order of the Union surgeon, leftin charge by Gen. Bar bridge, to hare the Union deaddisinterred, and buried In another part of the cemetery,was disregarded, the surgeon being obliged toleave without seeing it complied with. 

 General Fremont has resigned his commission inthe army, and has accepted the Cleveland nomination.In accepting it he has written a letter inwhich he declares that Mr. Lincoln has already deprivedthe people of those liberties against which alsoJefferson Davis took up arms. That we may doGeneral Fremont no injustice, we quote his words.Among the objects of the Cleveland Convention, hesays, was to bring the people " to realize that whilewe are saturating Southern soil with the beat bloodof the country, in the name of Liberty we havereally parted with it at home." In the estimation of General Fremont, therefore,the guilt of the President and of Davis is equal; andif what he says be true, the war is as unholy as everMr. Vallandigham or Mr. Fernando Wood declaredit to be. No loyal, liberty-loving citizen of theUnited States can be more fairly asked to sustain,by a single dollar or word or wish, an Administrationwhich has deliberately overthrown the Constitutionand liberty, than to encourage a conspiracy whichaims at the same result. The strongest friend of therebellion, the most vehement apostle of " peace,"has never offered a plainer and more conclusive reasonfor immediately stopping the war, and settlingdefinitely the terms of the destruction of the Unionand Government, than General Fremont offers in hisletter. If Mr. Lincoln be equally treacherous to theConstitution with Jefferson Davis, certainly any manmay elect with whom he will range himself. If Gen.Fremont be correct, it is General Grant's patrioticduty to turn his guns against the Washington traitor,who has really destroyed our liberties, rather thanagainst the Richmond rebel who has merely threatenedthem. No man has the right, without a knowledge whichfew can have, to question another man's sincerity.Yet it is hard to conceive that General Fremont cansincerely mean us to view, on the one hand, the exerciseof an arbitrary authority for the salvation ofthe Government, expressly granted by the Constitutionin time of rebellion, as treachery to that Government;or, on the other, to accept an occasionalindiscretion in its exercise as a loss of liberty. Wetrust that the right of personal freedom is as sacredin our estimation as it is in that of General Fremontor of Mr. Fernando Wood; and we cannot forgetthat Mr. Wendell Phillips, whose letter is urged on General Fremont as virtually the Cleveland platform,does not  to concede that the exerciseof arbitrary power may be necessary and must beallowed at a time like this. His words are: "Insixty days after the rebellion broke out, the Administrationsuspended corpus,, on the  if militarynecessity, justly."   corpus   Yet that a sense of personal wrong, long and fostered by unfortunate influence! of manykinds, may confuse even a noble and generous mind,history too plainly shows. It remains for us, then,only to deplore that General Fremont adopts a viewof the situation which concedes the destruction ofthe Government as accomplished, and releases everycitizen from his obligations. The more direct, themore heroic, course for him, if the cause has indeedbeen betrayed by Mr. Lincoln and our liberties arelost, as he asserts, would be, not to allow that hoarydespot nearly a year to forge our chains more closely,but to unroll the banner of armed opposition atonce, And summon all true men to rescue their libertiesfrom the tyrant's grasp.  With what profound sorrow those who have knownthe name of Fremont only as the watchword of Libertyand Union, now hear him repeating the cry ofVallandigham and the Copperheads, adopting theirextremest position as his own, only those who haveknown what it is to sec the moral fall of a leaderalmost romantically admired, can imagine. If Fremonthad died before the war began, his name wouldalways have shone in our history with a lovely lustre,as a symbol of the regenerative principle of Americanpolitics. He was not President, the historianwould have said, but his name expressed the aspirationof awakening conscience in the people. When, then, it is asked hereafter, I low did hechange? the reply will be simple: that, at a timewhen slavery by force of arms was struggling tooverthrow the Government which was the securityof liberty, he denounced certain acts of that Governmentin self-defence as themselves a virtual overthrowof the Constitution, and separating himself inthe crisis from the mass of his truest friends, threwhimself into the arms of the bitterest enemies of Liberty.Does General Fremont believe that the gentlemenwho are going to the Chicago Convention,and who will support its nominations, are any truerfriends of Union and Liberty than those who wentto Baltimore and their supporters? Does he notknow, or in the heat of passion has lie forgotten,that the gentlemen who will meet at Chicago werethe steadiest supporters of that policy against whichhis name was formerly a protest, and that their politicalaction and sympathy with slavery arc to-daythe chief hope of the rebellion? And yet he knows,as we all know, that many of the managers at Chicagowill be glad to sec him the candidate of the Convention.Is it because they have come to him, orbecause he has gone to them? When the New YorkWorld loudly applauds him, is it because he is helpingor hindering the cause of human liberty? becausehe is uniting, or because be is distracting, thefriends of the Union and of national honor? World Browning wrote a poem called "The Lost Leader,"whose melancholy music murmurs forever in thehearts of all who have read it with experience. Butnever, perhaps, will its lines recur to thousands andthousands of young and earnest American hearts sopainfully as they do since Fremont wrote his letter,Was that enthusiasm of the generous youth of awhole nation so despicable? Is the smile of Davis, isthe cheer of Fernando Wood, so much sweeter thanthe trust of unknown multitudes? Was it worthwhile to cease to be the Fremont of June, 1856, tobe the Fremont of June, 1864?— Harper's Weekly. Harper's Weekly. 

 THE CHICAGO CONVENTION. The New YorkWorld explains that the 4th of July was Originally selectedfor the date of the Chicago Convention, Becauseit was supposed that the summer campaign would beever by that time. But that not being the case, thepostponement to the 29th of August ensues. It is reportedthat the action of the National Committee wasinduced by a petition signed by a majority of theDemocrats in Congress. The desire of the postponementhas heretofore been charged on the peace factionof the party, but the arrival of Vallandigham seems tohave wrought a change in that respect, as the WarDemocrats are evidently more pleased at the changethan their peace brethren. The precise bearing of thematter on the different factions is a mystery to outsiders,seeing that there is not a ghost of a chance ofsuccessfully disputing Mr. Lincoln's reelection. TheWashington correspondent of the New York Timessays— HE HICAGO ONVENTION. Times " The Copperheads were in their glory here to-nightupon the receipt of the news of the postponement ofthe Chicago Convention from July 4 to August 29.This has been done by the Cox War. Democrats, whofear that Grant will not get into Richmond by the 4thof July. They think that the Convention in such anevent would be rash enough to nominate Vallandigham—lfence the postponement." 

 It is evident from Fremont's letter of acceptancethat he aims at something more than the nominationat Cleveland. The affection which the Copperheadshave recently manifested for him is more than justified.It is amorously reciprocated. Their votes areinvited. He bids for the Chicago nomination in theplainest terms. He endorses their pet grievances.He echoes their catch-words. He repeats their lingo,and imitates their cant. The same executive "outrages"on the part of Mr. Lincoln, of which Jeff.Davis in his last message to the rebel Congress complains,Fremont complains of, and in much the samelanguage. Hear him:— "The ordinary rights secured under the Constitutionand the laws of the country have been violated,and extraordinary powers have been usurped by theExecutive. While we are saturatingSouthern soil with the best blood of the countryin the name of liberty, we have really parted with itat home. To-day we have in the country the abuses of militarydictation, without its unity of action and vigor ofexecution; an Administration marked at home by disregardof Constitutional rights, by its violation of personalliberty and the liberty of the press, and, as acrowning shame, by its abandonment of the right ofasylum dear to all free nations abroad. Its course hasbeen characterized by a feebleness and want of principle,which has minted European powers and driventhem to a belief that only commercial interests andpersonal aims are concerned, and that no great principlesare involved in the issue. * * * * This incapacityand selfishness naturally produced such resultas led the European Powers, and logically enough,to the conviction that the North and its greatly superiorpopulation, its numerous resources and its credit,will never be able to recover the South." What element of Copperheadism is wanting?Hatred of the Administration? It is here. Sympathywith the Copperheads and rebels, whom bythe authority of the Constitution and of an act ofCongress the President lawfully and properly sent toFort Lafayette? It is here. Alleged usurpation ofthe President? It is lure. Attacking the lawfulaction of the President (only too mild) in arresting,stopping and preventing Copperheads from givingaid and comfort to the rebels by treasonable publications,upon the principle that it is a crime for apublic officer forcibly to slop a crime? Here it isunder the head of "violation of the liberty of thepress." And alas, for human nature, it is poor Fremontwho styles the re-delivery to the Spanish Governmentof the infamous Arguelles, who, by participatingin the slave trade, has rendered himself anoutlaw to the world and an enemy to the race, "anabandonment of toe right of asylum dear to all freenations abroad" He places a slave trader, fleeingfrom the laws of the civilized world against piracy,in the same category with a Garibaldi, a Mazzini, aMeagher or a Kossuth, fleeing to our free shores forhaving been guilty of endeavoring to establish republicaninstitutions in monarchical countries. Fremont even asserts, though covertly and indirectly,and as being the logical conclusion of othersrather than his own, but still with sufficient plainnessto make his intent evident to the Copperheads,the favorite Copperhead article of faith that "theNorth and its greatly superior population, its numerousresources and its credit, will never be able torecover the South." Could the Copperheads whowill meet at Chicago ask snore? Lest they any, beshows his mettle by hacking away the plank of theCleveland Platform swart objectionable to Copperheads,and intimating his disapproval of the remainder.The resolution reads as follows— "18th. That the confection of the lands of the rebelsand their  among the soldier and actual is a measure of justice."   Fremont   "But I cannot so  concur in all the which you propose. I do not believe that confiscationextended to the property of all rebels is practicable,and if it were so, I do not think it a measure of soundpolicy. It is, in fact, a question belonging to the peoplethemselves to decide, and is a proper occasion forthe exercise of their original and sovereign authority."   Fremont would leave this question to the "peoplethemselves." Does he mean to the people of the entireUnion? Evidently not, for their voice can onlyhe heard representatively through Congress, whichhas already voted in favor of confiscation. He canonly refer to the people of the State in which theproperty is situate In short, Fremont thinks thatthe people of South Carolina should decide whetherthe property of South Carolinians is to be confiscated—rebels are to determine the measure of rebelpunishment. Again he says:— "In the adjustments which are to follow peace, noconsideration of vengeance can consistently be admitted." In other words, in closing up the rebellion, therebels are not to be hurt, their leaders are not to bepunished, and the rank and file of the Union troopsare not to be rewarded by the distribution of landsamong them, but those lands are to be handed overto their former rebel owners. He continues:— " But if Mr. Lincoln be re-nominated, as I believeit would be fatal to the country to endorse a policy andrenew a power which has cost us the lives of thousandsof men, and needlessly put the country on theroad to bankruptcy, there will remain no alternativebut to organize against him every element of conscientiousopposition with the view to prevent the misfortuneof his reelection." According to Fremont, it is not Jefferson Davis orthe rebellion, but Mr. Lincoln's "policy" and"power," which have cost us the lives of thousandsof" men, and needlessly put the country on the roadto bankruptcy. It is not against Jeff. Davis and therebellion, but against Mr. Lincoln that "every elementof conscientious opposition is to be organized."The most considerable element of conscientious oppositionto Mr. Lincoln is the rebellion, the next inimportance is Copperheadism? With both these,therefore, Fremont proposes to cooperate. For what end has Fremont thus prostrated himselfat the shrine of Copperheadism? Evidently tocompete with McClellan for the Chicago nomination.It is with pain that we are compelled thus to exposethe worthlessness of this political mountebank, whowas once honored far beyond his deserts with theconfidence of that party which, identifying itselfwith the fundamental principles of freedom and truedemocracy, is destined still for many years to swaythe destinies of the country. It is but necessary,however, to record his language to discover that hehas severed every tie which bound him to the Unionparty, and has fully and unreservedly committedhimself to the Copperhead party. As even thewind is tempered to the shorn lamb, may our stockof resignation hold out through this sad bereavement.—Chicago Tribune. Chicago Tribune. 

 PRESENTATION TO PRESIDENT LINCLON TheWashington correspondent of the Newark Advertiserwrites as follows t An affair of considerable interestcame off at the White House on Saturday last, in thepresence of a small party of visitors, being the formalpresentation of a very choice collection of wax fruitsto " Abraham and Mary Lincoln," from Mrs. CarolineJohnson, a highly respected colored friend ofPhiladelphia, as a testimonial of her appreciation ofthe President's services in behalf of her oppressedrace. Though some remarks were made by Mrs. J.,the presentation speech was made by the Rev JamesHamilton, a Baptist clergyman of the above city, whotouchingly alluded to the past sufferings of his people,to the rapid progress of their deliverance under thepresent Administration, and their hopes of the future,and asked the President to accept of the gift as aspecimen of the handiwork of a lady of color, and asan evidence of their confidence and esteem for theirChief who hid brought then thus far out of the landof bondage. Mr. Lincoln briefly responded, returningthanks for the beautify present, referring to thedifficulties with which he had been surrounded, andascribing the wondrous changes of the past three yearsto the ruling of an all-wise Providence. The work isvalued at $350. We understand that Mrs. Lincolnintends having it repacked for shipment is her homein Illinois. RESENTATION TO RESIDENT INCLON Advertiser 

 Whether the people ought so to feel or not, wewill not now discuss; but of the fact there can be nomistake, that Gen. Fremont lost ground in the estimationof the people when he declined to serve hiscountry under Gen. Pope, in the Virginia campaign.He had a right to ask to be relieved of his command,we know; but after all, it was an indication that hewas not as patriotic as he should have been—that hisown personality, in his mind, was to be first regarded,and afterwards his country's welfare. His resignationof his Major Generalship, to have had thegrace of patriotism—of being unwilling to draw paywhen he was doing no service for his country—should -have been sent in weeks or months ago, beforehe received the nomination of the ClevelandConvention. Now it must be confessed as only a partof a scheme to divide the Union vote in the comingpolitical contest. It were well for Gen. Fremont toconsider that no man in the nation stands so high inthe estimation of the people that he  safely layclaim to personal consideration, either in being promotedto a high office, or in the gratification of hispersonal feelings at defeating others, before the welfareof the nation. To stand well with the peoplein a crisis like this, or in subsequent history, a manmust act in pure subordination to the paramount interestsof his country.  Now, either Gen. Fremont is no accurate observerof public sentiment as it exists, or he would see andknow that the mass of Union voters think best, underall the circumstances, to re-nominate and electAbraham Lincoln. He has been educated in theconduct of our affairs at a great expense to the nation,and there are substantial reasons why the chivalryof the South should be subdued under the sameadministration under which it revolted. After somevexations and expensive delays, of which Gen. Fremontwas the occasion of full his share, the war isnow being prosecuted with energy and success. Thepeople, for the time being at least, believe that nochange could be made for the better in the person ofoar President or commanders. And believing this,they observe, some with mortified and tome with indignantfeelings, the attempt to which Gen. Fremontis giving his countenance to divide the Union vote.The loyal voters of the nation feel the necessity ofacting together in the coming election, and they willnot be divided. The current has set in strong forMr. Lincoln's re-nomination, and whether history,will vindicate the wisdom of the popular choice, wecannot know at present; but the fact being so, Gen.Fremont, with every Union man in the nation, oughtto regard it, and rather than risk anything througha division of our voting forces, cooperate in themovement. Gen. Fremont's opportunity, now lost by his letterof acceptance, was most obvious. When he receivedthe official notice of his nomination at Cleveland, heshould have written a patriotic letter declining it,and spoken such good and strong words for the Administrationas its vigorous efforts to crash the rebellionwarrant him in uttering, and went to work forhis country is subordination to the manifest wish ofthe people, and he would have done much to redeemhis error in throwing up his command under Pope,and again stood well with his countrymen. He mightnot ever have been President, but in this he wouldhave been no worse off than Webster, or Clay, orSeward, or Douglas, or Banks, or a hundred othereminent men who have had their eyes fixed on thisgoal of American ambition. His measure of glorywould have been well-filled in his stupendous explorations,his being the unsolicited candidate of thegreat party of Freedom, when it made its first gallantcharge under his leadership upon the cohorts ofslavery—in his vast and illimitable welath—and innow proving himself to be  in the of p c above personal for office and more than all able to cthe  of  for the  or real inhe may have  for his country. HadGen. F and upon a heartysupport of the  of the  C would have  in of statesmen, and patriots, than he can by any aide effortfor the Presidency, which, after all, the worldwill be sure to interpret as an act of revenge onPresident Lincoln. Such a course might be overlookedin hoys and entail men, but it will neveranswer the ends of a just and noble ambition.                    In his letter of acceptance, be travels out of hisway to spite President Lincoln, and for want of bettergrounds of accusation, appropriates to his usethe stale trash of the Copperheads—distorting thewell-intended acts of the Administration to suppressthe rebellion and keep mischief-makers from incitingriot and encouraging the rebellion, into monstrousacts of "tyranny," "usurpation," and "oppression."These accusations, coming from Gen. Fremont, manyof whose acts as commander of the Department ofMissouri, were without the sanction of civil or militarylaw, but which were justified on the ground ofmilitary necessity, make it manifest that the Generalseizes upon these charges of the Copperheads asa pretext for his course, when, in fact, be caresnothing for them, and knows that they no more endangerour civil liberties than his selection of foreignersfor his military staff was turning the governmentover to foreign powers. These accusations are buta pretext, a subterfuge, under which to cloak his personalrevenge. Well, it won't work. "The bitterchalice will return to plague the inventor," and whenelection is over, Gen. Fremont will count himself ablunderbuss in political strategy, and bitterly lamenthis folly in acting so unworthy of the place be seeks.—.N.Y. Reformer. N.Y. Reformer. 

 DEATH OF MR. CARLETON A. SHURTLEFF Sundaymorning, June 26, died at Brookline, of diphtheria,Mr. Carleton Atwood Shortleaf, the youngest son ofDr. Samuel A. and Elisa (Carleton) Shurtleff, aged 24years. EATH OF R. ARLETON HURTLEFF It is seldom that we are called upon to chronicle thedecease of a young man who, in so short a period oflife, has won for himself so much respect for integrityof character and general knowledge, than is now ourduty in the case of Mr. Shurtleff. Early in life hechose for his particular studies the pursuits which wegenerally see engrossing the time and requiring thematurity of much more advanced intellects; for beforehe had emerged from the years of childhood, be had.by his studies and investigations in natural sciencegiven evidence of considerable promise as a naturalist,the realization of which he was making good whencalled from life. He was born in Brookline on the18th of June, 1840, and graduated at Harvard Collegein 1861. After leaving college, he commenced thestudy of medicine at the Harvard Medical School, inBoston, and with his father, and Mr. T. Eustis Francisin Brookline, and passed a part of the last year as amedical cadet Giving up this position in consequenceof 111 health, he recently returned home to resume hisstudies in the medical school. Many hearts will be saddened when the tidings ofthis sorrowful event shall reach his classmates andfriends. May the affliction be made lees severe tothem in the reflection that his excellence-of characterand uprightness of life have scared for him a heavenlyhabitation! N.B.S. 

 The telegraph mutilated General Fremont's letteraccepting the nomination for the Presidency,but his meaning is still quite apparent. He says,substantially, that if the Baltimore Convention willnominate anybody beside President Lincoln, he,Fremont, will not run against him, but if Lincoln isnominated, be shall run and do the best be can todefeat him. As we have no doubt at all that Mr.Lincoln has already been nominated by the unanimousvoice of the Baltimore Convention, it may beset down as a fact that Fremont intends to run.Such being the case, let an inquire what his claimsto superiority over Mr. Lincoln, as a radical man, are. Fremont's anti-slavery reputation—his radicalreputation, if you please—rests solely upon one act—the declaration of military emancipation to theslaves of rebels in Missouri. Aside from that act,be has no anti-slavery record. The Republicansran him is 1856 purely upon trust. He had madeno record, and it was extremely doubtful at the timewhether he fully sympathized with the radical elementof the party. The only thing that could besaid for him was, that be favored making Californiaa free instead of a slave State. But so did thousandswho never acted with the Republican party. radical From '56 an'61, Fremont was quiescent. Weremember no speech—no letter from him, duringthose years of desperate struggle and immense laborto build up and consolidate the party of Freedom,which indicated any deep, active, and earnestsympathy with the cause. In 1861 he signalized his military administrationin the department of which be was commander, bydeclaring the emancipation of the slaves of rebelsin arms. We will give him full credit for the act.But Mr. Lincoln has since done the same thing byall the rebellious States. So far then as the policyof emancipation is concerned, Mr. Lincoln has fullyas great claims upon our confidence as Mr. Fremont.The only difference between them was as toa question of time—a mere matter of judgment.Mr. Fremont's judgment may have been the best.That we shall not discuss. But the mere fact ofpriority in time—Mr. Fremont doing that in Missouriin 1861, which Mr. Lincoln did on a much widerand grander scale eighteen months thereafter—iscertainly very slight and untenable ground for Mr.Fremont to stand on, and claim precedence over Mr.Lincoln. Those who will take the trouble to look back andread the correspondence which passed between Mr.Lincoln and Mr. Fremont at that time, will findthat Mr. Fremont based his proclamation solely uponthe ground of military necessity. He makes nointimation of humanitarian considerations—no appealto great principles of natural justice and right,it bases the act and its defence solely upon militarygrounds. The reference between himself andMr. Lincoln, therefore, is nothing as to the principlesupon which military emancipation rests. principles While, then, we have shown Mr. Fremont's claimsto distinction as an anti-slavery man rest entirelyupon one single act—based upon military necessityand not upon true anti-slavery grounds, and thatact, one which Mr. Lincoln afterward repeated upona scale of vastly increased magnitude and importance;on the contrary, Mr. Lincoln's claims to ourconfidence as an anti-slavery man are not few, nor ofrecent date. He has a bright and shining record.Some of the ablest statements of ants-slavery principles,and some of their most brilliant and irrefragiblevindications, are from his pen. His speechesand letters are a perfect treasury, a complete armoryof anti-slavery arguments. He even ante-datedMr. Seward in the enunciation of the great philosophicaltruth underlying our straggle in arms as ithas for thirty years our battles of thought, the "irrepressibleconflict" between freedom and slavery.No man can read his latest utterance upon thissubject—the candid, dear, cogent letter to Mr. Hodges,of Kentucky—and doubt, for a moment, thestrength or sincerity of Mr. Lincoln's opposition toslavery. In view of he record of his life, his speechesand letters, and, above all, the great measures of hisadministration, we accept it as one of the most cheeringindications of the immense strides public sentimenthas made, that there is such a unanimity ofsentiment in support of Mr. Lincoln.—Kansas Journal. Kansas Journal. 

 THE POLITICIAN AND THE SOLDIER A few weeksago, a Senator from a free 8tate declared that it wasutterly impossible to make a soldier of the negro, andthat every dollar spent is entertain negroes was a dollarthrown away. Per contra. Gen. Smith, a cool andexperienced officer of the regular army, by no meanscommitted is favor of the martial capacities of themen of African descent, waits until be sees them fightat Petersburg, and them, like as honest, and Impartial,and thoroughly competent witness, dullards that thecolored troops engaged, (not enlisted, be it remembered,at the North, bat Jest emancipated from slavery,)"in the whole affair displayed all the  of goodsoldiers." Such  as the  fan reiterate falsehoods and refuse simple justice to a particular of men whom the Government has armedin the defence of the nation against rebels; whilstsuch honorable  as Gen Smith  good conductand  in the  without regard to complexion,and without passing to inquire how the frankconfession of the truth is to affect this or that politicalparty. The people Know which witness to believe— HE OLITICIAN AND THE OLDIER            

 When a man allows his pensions to have full sweep,he can no longer reason. Fremont is so pervadedby his feelings of bitterness and revenge towardsthe President for slights which be baa met, that becannot see our political affairs in their tree relationsand real light. His passion colors his reason; hisvindictive feeling clouds his judgment; his eagerwish to make out his case against the President misleadshim to error. He arraigns Mr. Lincoln for his infidelity to principleswatch be was elected to defend, but makes nocharges. To be sure he says that libertyhas been destroyed, that ordinary rights beensuspended, &C But every candid man knows thatthe country is true. The present is a contest"even for the right to have candidates" for thePresidency, he avers. Certainly thin is not candidatewhen he would for President? There wasnever less binderies to the free judgment or thecaprices of  man in the  of candidatefor President     The charge of usurpation of extraordinary powersby the President is not justified by facts. Theextraordinary powers which he has employed havenot been usurped, but are latent powers, which theexecutive is required to use in exigencies like thepresent. The event which are transpiring are entirelyabnormal, and the rigorous application to themof the rules of administrative conduct which obtainduring a normal condition of affairs evinces eithera lack of discrimination, or of sincerity officer was "tousurp extraordinary powers." That the powerwhich the Administration has wielded with right hasalways been used with the utmost discretion fewwill assert, but mistakes are pardoned to the sensitivenessand impatience which the difficulties andperplexities of executive duties give rise to in such anunprecedented crisis as the President has been placed.To make mistakes is one thing. To deliberately assumepower and use it for selfish purposes, and tothe prejudice f popular rights, is another, whichthe people of this country would never pardon.But the people know that this has not been done.They know that we have not parted with liberty athome and do not mean to. They know that whateverunusual power has been assumed, has been soobviously necessitated by events that the act hascommanded their approval. They know that thecharges which are made in this letter are not true,so far as they impeach the motives of the President.They can see that the blow is struck in the wildnessof passion, rather than in the clear deliberationof patriotic feeling. It is well probably that the case is to be put beforethe people in the precise way it is. If the peopledo not reach right conclusions, it will not be fromlack of information, and from the lack of leadersand champions. When the issue is decided, perhapsthose who now declare that the President isre-electing himself, and that his success will be fatalto the country, will have the candor to say thatwith all their prevision they made a mistake, andwill acknowledge that the patriotic people do sustaintheir Administration, because they confide inits integrity of purpose, and zealous endeavors tobring peace and order out of revolution.—UticaHerald. UticaHerald. 

 N TO THE FRONT. An important order haslately been read to the negro troops at  fromwhich the following is an extract:  TO THE  RONT.  "The incorporation into the army of the UnitedStates of colored troops renders it necessary that theyshould be brought as speedily as possible to the higheststate of   Accordingly the practice which has no from necessity of requiring thesetroops to perform most of the labor onand the labor and  duties of and camps will  and they will only be requiredto take their fair slave of  duty with whitetroops. This is  to them for thehigher duties of  the enemy."            L. THOMAS. General, General  

 As was foreseen, the Convention re-nominatedMr. Lincoln by acclamation. No other candidatewas brought forward. This was a weighty testimonialto the general estimate put on his public servicesby the masses of the unconditional Union men ofthe country. Not that the general judgment is thatthe administration of Mr. Lincoln has been faultless,or all that could be desired, but that, on the whole,it has been so just and salutary as to leave no reasonablehope that a better one can be obtained. Few willaffirm that Mr. Lincoln has not made mistakes, andsome of serious magnitude. It would have beenmarvelous had he not. That he has at times triedthe patience of his warmest, most intelligent, andmost disinterested supporters, does not admit of contradictionor concealment. These friends have pronouncedsharp criticisms on some of his acts, and arelikely to repeat their strictures in time to come. Suchcriticisms are more necessary in periods of tumultand insubordination than in quiet days, just as it isof more consequence when tempests howl over theocean to scan the compass and hold a firm hand onthe helm, than when the skies smile benignantlyand calm waters reflect back the peacefulness of theheavens. Besides, Mr. Lincoln can afford to be criticized.He has done so many things of the greatestgravity excellently well, that he need not shrinkfrom having his faults pointed out. He has beensubjected to a severer ordeal than ever fell to thelot of any public man in this country. The wisestand purest man that ever lived, standing where hehas stood, would have made mistakes. So manyfierce and implacable passions have come into directantagonism; so many vast interests, involved ina common peril, have violently crashed against eachother; so many inordinate ambitions have been inflamed,engendering the bitterest jealousies and hatreds;so many gloomy vistas of doubt and uncertaintyhave been opened up; that the marvel is not thatthe President has been slow, or irresolute, or hesitatingon some points, and probably wrong to discriminateso wisely, to hold so exact a balance to conciliaterival factious, and to keep step so nearly withthe actual leaders of national progress. The nomination of Mr. Johnson for Vice Presidentwill add fresh strength to the ticket. All hislife a democrat, and acting up to the breaking outof the rebellion with the democratic party, he hasnot failed for one instant in his allegiance to the republic.exposed to the peculiar hazards from hisresidence in a revolted State, he did not shuffle; hedid not hesitate; he did not leave any one in doubtas to his attitude or intentions. He was content toincur uncommon risks and to involve himself in themost imminent perils, in order to sustain the Unionand vindicate the authority of the government. Itwas fitting that the class to which he belongs shouldbe honored in his person. The platform of the Convention, so far as it relatesto doctrine, gives forth no uncertain sound. Itis full and exactly to the point.—Honesdale Republic. Honesdale Republic. 

                of Our ARMY. The  of our during the  of General  have been We hear upon the best officialauthority that the number of the billed, from thetime the army around the  until it reachedthe James river, did not expend four thousand man.The wounded  something ever forty thousandand included  of every deseription lessthan fifty thousand; while the deaths of thesewounded men are so far not much in  of twothousand, or from four to five per cent. The injuriesof the wounded men in the majority of ones are veryright. The  lone to our army for the time,mentioned, may be twelve to fifteen thousand man, butnot in any one more than twenty thousand, and the of life to much lost.—N.Y. Evening Post.  RMY.            N.Y. Evening Post. 

 The Copperhead press are just now greatly insympathy with the Fremont movement, and arelauding him as thoroughly as they were abusing himeight years ago, when he was the Republican candidatefor President, or a little later when he was incommand of the Department of Missouri, and wassuppressing loyal newspapers, making "arbitrary"arrests, and issuing "free" proclamations. Most ofthem hold out, for the purpose of catching some whocan't see through the game, the probability that hewill receive the Copperhead nomination at Chicago.The Chenango Democrat, however, is not one of thatkind. In its last issue, it uses the following language:—"Fremont is not the man that they cantamper with. He has money enough, and theycan't buy him off; and he has pluck and recklessnessenough to lead them to despair of bluffing himoff. He is bound to run, and has formally acceptedthe nomination, and resigned his major generalshipfor that purpose. Democrat buy bluffing "Elsewhere, we publish the resolutions adoptedby the Convention, and next week we will publishthe letters of acceptance of both candidates. Wedo not expect or intend to support Fremont or vote forhim; but we do pray God that he MAY BE ABLETO BURST THIS INFERNAL UNIONLEAGUE TORY ORGANIZATION INTOTEN THOUSAND ATOMS." Wedo not expect or intend to support Fremont or vote forhim; but we do pray God that he Go in, brother Brings, the country is holding itsbreath to use what effect your prayers will have.In the mean time, don't flatter yourself that theUnion electors of this county will be enough withany of your "blarney;—Chenango Telegraph. Chenango Telegraph. 

 THE CONTEST IN VIREINIA— from the Army.The Philadelphia inquirer's correspondences, dated atGrant's head quarters, June 21, 9 P.M.,  HE ONTEST IN IREINIA  from the Army.  inquirer's  President Lincoln was at the army hand quarters fora short time this afternoon. He rode out along thebrights occupied by the captured fortifications, fromwhich he could enjoy an satisfactory a view of the positionin front as is  to be obtained. Whereverhe went he was enthusiastically cheered by such troopsas were in his way, the number of whom, however,was not large, as most of the army was uninvitinglynear the front.  From the New York Herald's correspondence of thesame date we quest as below:— Herald's "The rebel engineering at Petersburg gently surpassesanything I have heretofore  and probablyany the war has developed. Formidable field worksliterally spring from the earth, as by magic, in a singlenight, at every point."  NEW YORK, June 27. The Tribane's army dispatchdated Saturday, says: The rebels attacked BaldySmith's position on Friday. Some four hundred rebelswere allowed to rush into our rifle pita, when adestructive fire was opened on them, and they soonsurrendered. Only one hundred and sixty-five wereunhurt, the remainder being killed or mortally wounded. EW ORK Tribane's The Richmond Examiner claims a glorious victoryon Wednesday. It says they drove our men from twolines of breastworks, captured nearly two thousandprisoners, four pieces of artillery, and eight stand ofcolors. Examiner ☞Dispatches to Richmond papers say that Gen.Sturgis lost 2,000 killed and wounded, 1,000 prisoners,20 pieces of artillery, and 250 wagons and ambulancesin the battle with Gen. Forrest. COL. BLAISDELL KILLED. A telegram received byLieut. Col. Tripp says:—" Col. William Blaisdell, ofthe 11th Massachusetts, while temporarily in commandof the Corcoran Legion, was killed to-day (June 24)by a sharpshooter." OL. LAISDELL ILLED. 

 We reproduce the Baltimore Platform, putting itin a conspicuous place and in easy-reading types,that our friends may carfully re-peruse a documentwhich is to call forth great discussion during thenext five months as the manifesto according to whicha great party proposes to wage a great campaign. We gave last week some editorial notes concerningthe temper of the convention by whose unanimousvote this platform was adopted. We now addthat this unanimity was the more remarkable inview of the radical character of these utterances,which are beyond any point of anti-slavery commitmenthitherto reached by any political conventionknow to American history—not excepting the unrepresentativeconvention lately held at Cleveland. We can see neither the wisdom, the statesmanshipnor the platform of the singular position assumedby the Cleveland platform, that slavery is alreadydead. It is well to say, for rhetorical emphasis, thatthe shot at Sumter destroyed slavery; but manythings are destroyed rhetorically that afterward, likeDaniel Webster, still lives. William Pitt had ahabit of eloquently overthrowing Napoleon, auffidthe cheers of Parliament, only to be at last broughtto his grave by Napoleon's unceasing victories. TheCleveland Convention, sitting in May, knowing thatthe Fugitive Slave Law was still unrepealed, knowingthat Congress had refused to vote for an amendmentto the Constitution prohibiting slavery, knowingthat the Proclamation of Emancipation, evenwithout its confessed dependence upon a doubtfulSupreme Court, reaches only three millions of slaves,while one million still remain legally unreleased—knowing all these things, nevertheless voted to saythat slavery was already destroyed. But it was notdead then; it is not dead now; it may not be dead intwenty years. When Alexander the Great was reporteddead, the reply was, "No, else the wholeworld would smell of the carcass." We claim thatit is an unmanly treatment of the slavery is alreadydestroyed—as if the question were one whichcould now be safely put aside—as if Banquo's ghostwould not reappear. Is this a wise position for radicalsto take? It is just the position taken not longago by James Brooks, Copperhead, in a speech inCongress! They who wish to see slavery perpetuatedwould be glad to have all other men believe itnow extinct. They would be glad to see no furthereffort made to destroy it. The Cleveland platformcalls slavery destroyed, and asks that the Constitutionshall forbid its reestablishment; but if the Constitutioncould of itself put forth this amendmentto-morrow morning, as a stalk puts forth a bud, theland would be full of cavils as to how far slavery hadalready been destroyed, and therefore how far slavery,already established, would elude the bau againstits re-establishment, The Cleveland Conventionspreads a grave-cloth over a giant not dead butsleeping, who may spring up at any moment with aweapon in his hand. If slavery has come to its death,we are not among the tear-shedders—only we holdwith Montaigne that "the deadest deaths are best."A cat may suffer eight deaths, and still have one life;and, as slavery is harder to kill than a cat, we aresorry that the Cleveland Convention should havedealt a blow only to would, and not to slay. re The Baltimore Convention, instead of saying that"the rebellion has virtually destroyed slavery," saysjust the opposite, namely, that "the national safetydemands its utter and complete extirpation." Thisis the sensible view. This, we believe, is the viewwhich would have been taken by the ClevelandConvention, had not that body, in making its platform,sought to use a cunning form of words whichthe coming Democratic Convention at Chicagomight not deem too heretical to adopt. We supposethat Mr. William Goodell, Mr. Stephen S. Foster,Mr. Parker Pillsbury, and Mr. Henry T. Cheeverhad no thought at Cleveland, and have nothought now, of making an alliance with the Democracy.But Mr. Fremont and Mr. Cochrane, theCleveland Candidates, show no blush at playingtheir cards for the Chicago nomination. We reject the anti-slavery position of the Clevelandplatform as one unworthy of the greatness ofthe case, and unworthy of those good men in theconvention who, while there, seem to have strangelylost the warning voices with which they have beenaccustomed to speak elsewhere. For instance, inthe month of May, in New York, Mr. Stephen S.Foster charged upon the United States Governmentthe guilt of holding one million slaves in bonds; andyet, in the same month of May, at Cleveland, heunites in putting forth a statement that slavery isalready dead! Mr. Goodell, who edits a paperwhich insists equally upon the guiltiness of the Governmentin still being the slaveholder of one-fourth ofthe entire body of slaves, and who, with Dr. Cheever,has always scouted the idea of amending theConstitution (that instrument being, in their view,sufficiently anti-slavery without amendment), gaveup at Cleveland both these old positions, declaringin their place—first, that slavery is destroyed, and,second, that the Constitution should be amended!The noble and eminent name of Wendell Phillips—aman for whom our respect is as profound as for any manin America, is borrowed to add a luster to this so-calledradical nomination. But we believe that Mr. Phillipsknows only half the intent of the ClevelandConvention, and that, if he knew the other half, hewould instantly withdraw from its support. Thatconvention, in the minds of its chief managers andmost interested parties, was simply the first caucusof the coming Chicago Convention. A few noblemindedmen and women, by their presence or byletter, contributed their influence to the meeting,because, in view of the unsatisfactory progress of thewar and of general public affairs during the presentadministration, they thought a change of administrationwould profit the country. This view hasbeen held by many thoughtful minds outside of thatconvention. It has had its utterance in many faithfulpresses. We ourselves would have preferred, forthe next four years, a more compete change of administrationthan the Baltimore Convention hasprovided that its candidate, in accepting its platform,must make changes in his cabinet. But whenwe are asked to take the Cleveland platform with itsinadequate anti-slavery position, and its candidateswith their uncommendable political designs, in exchangefor the Baltimore platform with its greaterexplicitness, and its candidates with their surer honesty,we respectfully decline. We refuse to makeourselves an ally, in any way, directly or indirectly,with the so-called Democratic party. There arenow three Democracies—the War Democracy.We believe that the larger and better part of theWar Democracy will join itself before November tothe one great Party of the Union, leaving the Radicaland the Peace Democracies to join themselvesin a fellowship of the earthen and the iron pot, theone to break and the other to sink, and both to goto the bottom of the Salt river. the first caucusof the coming Chicago Convention. War Our chief regret in view of the Cleveland Conventionis, that it has unhappily led a number of excellentfriends of the Good Cause into a snare.The spirit of its leaders has become more apparentsince the convention than before. Among respectableAmerican journals, not one, in any quarter,seems to us so entirely unpatriotic, bitter, and malignantas The New Nation—Mr. Fremont's specialorgan, on which, we are told, he has already spenttwenty thousand dollars in printing extra copies forgratuitous circulation. "There is so little difference,"says this organ, "between this party," that is, the partyformed at Cleveland, "and the Democracy," thatis, the party to meet at Chicago, "that it would beeasy to adopt a common ticket." True! But THEREIS TOO MUCH DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE DEMOCRATICPARTY AND THE GREAT UNION PARTY TOADOPT A COMMON TICKET. Mr. Vallandighamhimself is a delegate to Chicago. When Mr. Vallandighamis for the making of a common ticket, it istime for M. Fremont's friends of 1856 to rise in acommon opposition. The New Nation There is so little difference between this party and the Democracy that it would beeasy to adopt a common ticket. EMOCRATIC ARTY AND THE GREAT NION ARTY TOADOPT A COMMON TICKET. Those well-known Abolitionists identified withthe Cleveland movement—and whose sincerity anduprightness we do not for a moment question—haveunwittingly placed themselves in a false position,where their influence is working against the bestinterests of the country, and is bringing a lamentablediscredit upon themselves. All that we ask ofthem is, that they shall  watch the developmentof this Cleveland stratagem, and be convincedof their error by the unhappy facts of the case, asthese shall day by day be evolved.  So far as the movement was an honest, single-minded protest against an inadequateadministration, it was entitled to the highest respect;for as far, it would have stood in a similar attitudewith the old Liberty Party, or the Free Soil Party,or the Gerrit Smith party— party of conscience,always reputable before God and the world; butwhen it is as plain as a pike-staff that the managersat Cleveland have been using the names of goodmen to cover the schemes of bad, of making revengeinstead of patriotism their animating spirit, usingthe name of Liberty as a promise to the car to bebroken to the hope, plotting coalition with Copperheadsto overthrow the loyal party of the North,—we denounce it with the right indignation whichit merits from every loyal soul!—New York Independent.   New York Independent. 

 REBEL BARBARITY. The Boston Journal of Monday says: "At the battle of Gettysburg, as we are informedby one who witnessed the incident, a woundedrebel soldier fell near our lines. His moans and criesfor water were piteous, and excited the compassion ofsome of the members of a Massachusetts, regiment.They attempted to relieve him, but found that thetask would be perilous in consequence of the vigilanceof some Arkansas sharpshooters who had effected alodgment within a ledge at no great distance. Atlength one of our men, unable to restrain his sympathy,threw down his gun, held up a canteen and calledout to the Arkansas men, 'Now don't shoot; I'm goingto give that poor fellow some water.' He hadnearly reached the wounded man when he was hit by aball from a rebel rifle, and compelled to relinquish hismission of kindness. The rebel riflemen knew thatit was one of their own comrades who was suffering,but no emotion of sympathy could restrain their fiendishmalignity." EBEL ARBARITY. Journal THE NEGROES IN THE WAR. We recently publishedfrom a Southern paper an account of the mannerin which twenty negro soldiers were murderednear Vicksburg, after being taken prisoners. Thefollowing extract from an intercepted letter, writtenby one of Dick Taylor's staff, furnishes additionalproof of the no-quarter policy pursued towards negroes:— HE EGROES IN THE AR. "After Steele left Camden, he sent out a large foragetrain, guarded by a heavy force. We fell uponthis train, captured his artillery, all the wagons, andkilled the last negro soldier. The Yankees had a fullnegro regiment, and the Choctaws Indians fell uponthem and killed every one! After driving Steele intoCamden, Gen. Fagan started with 8500 cavalry forLittle Rock, but fell in with the enemy of Mark'sMill where we had a terrible fight. Our arms werefinally victorious, and we succeeded in capturingabout 1500 prisoners, 250 wagons, and five pieces ofartillery. It was a complete rout, and althoughthe enemy endeavored to raise the white  but few ofthem escaped." killed the last negro soldier. Choctaws Indians fell uponthem and killed every one! endeavored to raise the white  but few ofthem escaped.  On the other hand, it is plainly stated in most ofthe letters from our army, that the negroes take noprisoners, and that the commanding generals understandthis. ,URDER OF A NEW HAMPSHIRE OFFICER BY THE REBELS.The Chaplain of the 1st New HampshireCavalry writes to the New Orleans Era as follows: URDER OF A EW AMPSHIRE FFICER BY THE EBELS. Era "On Saturday morning, May 14, as our troops weremarching from Alexandria, the 4th Brigade of Cavalrywas in the rear, and portions of the 1st New HampshireCavalry were attacked by the rebels, whenLieutenant George S. Cobbs of Company B was takenprisoner, and, after he surrendered, was deliberatelyshot and killed by the rebels. Lieut. Cobbe was fromExeter, New Hampshire. Licut. Newhall, of the samecompany, and others saw him wounded and dying inthe woods, and he told them the circumstances, andsaid: 'They have murdered me.' He lived till latein the night and died." MISSOURI. A letter from St. Louis to the NewYork Tribune, dated June 19, says:— ISSOURI. Tribune "The rebels are still troublesome in the interior,though their operations are extended over such a wideterritory, and in such small bodies, that they can onlybe hunted down in squads. Yet their movements aremarked by some of the most horrible atrocities of thewar. In the western portion of the State, whereQuantrell's men are dodging about in the bush, notless than thirty five unarmed men have been brutallymurdered within two weeks. Twelve teamsters, envouteto Sedalia, from Kansas City, about ten days ago,were overtaken by guerillas, and murdered. Theirbodies were left on the road. A party of militia-menwere surprised, outside of Independence, a few daysafter, and every man murdered by the guerillas; andall through that section, we hear of instances of similarcruelty." envoute ☞ The stage driver from Brunswick states that,on Wednesday last, four men were murdered in BowlingGreen Prairie by bush whackers. One of them wasnamed Henry Grojohn, (who, it will be remembered,was robbed early last spring by guerillas,) and anotherwas Charles Colman. He could not learn the namesof the other two. These make fourteen men whohave been killed in Chariton county, within the lasttwo weeks. People are still fleeing the county in alldirections.—St. Louis Union. St. Louis Union. 

 When we remarked last week that Fremont's letteraccepting the nomination of the Cleveland Convention,omitting one or two brief phrase, mighthave been consistently signed by Vallandigham, wedid not expect so soon to find that Copperheadmartyr quoting it exultingly as a vindication of histreason. But in his speech at Hamilton, Ohio, theother day, that open ally of the rebels referred toFremont's letter in the following terms: "Men of Ohio:—You have already asserted yourright to hear. It is now my duty to assert my rightto speak. Wherefore, as to the sole offence for whichI was arrested, imprisoned and banished—freespeech in criticism and condemnation of the Administration—an Administration fitly described in a recentpublic paper by one of its early supporters as'marked at home by disregard of constitutional rights,by its violation of personal liberty of the of the press, and asa crowing shame, by the abandonment of the right ofasylum—a right especially dear to all free nations.'I repeat it here to-day, and will again and yet again,so long as I live, or the Constitution and our presentform of government shall survive. The words thenspoken, and the appeal at that tine made, and nowenforced by one year more of taxation and debt, andof blood and disaster and their policy, not by force,but peaceably, through the ballot, I now and herereiterate in their utmost extent and with all theirsignificancy." an Administration fitly described in a recentpublic paper by one of its early supporters as'marked at home by disregard of constitutional rights,by its violation of personal liberty of the of the press, and asa crowing shame, by the abandonment of the right ofasylum—a right especially dear to all free nations. The words in Italics arc, it will be observed, thoseof Gen. Fremont. Italics The Copperheads of Ohio have chosen Vallandighamas one of their representatives in the ChicagoConvention, wherein he will have to pass upon theclaims of Gen. Fremont as a candidate for the Presidency!—A.S. Standard. A.S. Standard. 

 ☞ The Richmond papers upbraid John Cochrane,the candidate for the Vice-Presidency on theFremont ticket, with so soon forgetting the now heuttered in a speech at Richmond, that if the FederalGovernment should attempt to coerce the South, he(Cochrane) would be found sword in hand on the sideof Old Virginia.—Boston Journal. Boston Journal. ☞Hon. Aaron H. Cragin, of Lebanon, has beenselected to  the Hon. John P. Hale in the U.S. Senate from New Hampshire.  PITTSBWNG, June 19. The Sanitary Fair in thiscity colored last night. It has been a complete success,and the prefits will exceed $ ITTSBWNG  FROM PORT ROYAL. Private John Smith, of the41st N.Y. Regiment, has been executed for desertion. Baker, at the 50th Mass. Regiment, hasbeen shot for mutinous conduct in striking an officer. ROM ORT OYAL.  ☞The Chicago Tribune calls Fremont's letteraccepting the nomination of the Cleveland Convention,"the last will and testament of John C. Fremont." Tribune ☞General Butler is cold is be ascertaining, asrapidly as possible, how many of the negro trumpswere  murdered after having been capturedin recent engagements with the enemy, so that manfor made of the rebel prisoners in his bands willoutran he shot in  This shooting willbe at the hands of negro trumps.   

 That the seditious part played by the Copperheadagitators is clearly understood and appreciated bythe rebel leaders is manifest from a very striking articlein the Atlanta (Georgia) Register, the followingextract from which ought to be read by everyvoter in the Northern States:— Register Ex-President Pierce, Seymour of Connecticut, Vallandigham,Reed, Wood, Richardson, and hundredsof others are as hostile to the war as they are toBlack Republicanism. These men are doing us anindirect service. They are not openly and avowedlyour friends, nor could we reasonably ask this ofthem. By they are not our bloody enemies. Unitedagainst Mr. Lincoln and his wicked policy, breastingthe power of an overwhelming majority, firm tothe traditions and precedents of Constitutional liberty,the noble band of patriots is striving to erect abreakwater that shall arrest the surges of the unlooseddeluge. If they do no more than resist the centralizationof Mr. Lincoln, that far they are worthy ofour respect and sympathy. If they hold up the bannerof State Rights, that far they are advocating asentiment entitled to our admiration. Unitedagainst Mr. Lincoln and his wicked policy Such is the course they are pursuing, and sucha course ought to have our cordial approbation.Step by step the same convictions and the same temperthat have placed them in compact unity and fieryvalor, to denounce ultra Federalism and New Englandfanaticism, will inevitably bring them upon theright ground as it respects our independence. Weconfess our faith in their political principles. Weconfess our confidence that eventually these men willsee the whole truth, and embrace all its conclusions. We can gain nothing by denouncing them. Wemay lose much by presenting a hostile front to theirpeace movements. Live with them under the samegovernment we never will. But, meanwhile, if theywill use the ballot box against Mr. Lincoln, whilst weuse the cartridge box, each side will be a helper to theother, and both co-operate in accomplishing the greatestwork which this country and the continent have witnessed. But, meanwhile, if theywill use the ballot box against Mr. Lincoln, whilst weuse the cartridge box, each side will be a helper to theother, and both co-operate in accomplishing the greatestwork which this country and the continent have witnessed. 

 ☞ GROVE MEETING IN MICHIGAN—The friendof reform will held a meeting in G.K. Wilber's Grove,one mile south-west of the vitinge of Farmington, OaklandCo., Mithingan, on Saturday and Sunday, the 2d and2d days of July next, commencing at 10 o'clock, A.M.,each day. S.C. WRIGHT of Boston, Mass., G.R. Stebbins ofRochester, N.Y., and Moses Hall of Battle Greek, Mich.,are expected to attend. RIGHT A general invitation is hereby given. please will beprovided for strangers. In behalf of Committee,MORTON LAPHAM,A.L. POWER,G.K. WILDON,and others. 

 You can always tell which way the political windblows, by the tone of the New York Herald. Readits exquisite comments below on those amiable copperheadsheets, the New York News and the NewYork World. It says:— World. The majority of the people are continually pushingahead. The minority are always lagging behind.The majority travel in railroad cars. Theminority travel inn slow coaches. As it is of the people,so it is of the papers. We are sorry to say that at least a couple of thesemulish papers are permitted to linger out their miserableexistence in this busy, bustling, enterprisingmetropolis of New York. There is the Daily News, which is published underthe influence of a wild hallucination. Its editorsevidently imagine that we are away back inthe times of poor Pierce, when Jeff, Davis ruledthe roost, wound the flexible President around hisfingers, and opened the source of all our woes by therepeal of the Missouri compromise. Laboring underthis dreadful delusion, they puff Jeff. Daviswith unremitting energy but slight skill, and stillprate about Southern chivalry, and still deliver tearfultirades upon the blessings of peace. They seemto know nothing of the impassable gulf which historyhas fixed between that time and this. They forgetthat Southern chivalry has been weighed in thebalance, and found wanting. They are ignorant ofthe fact that Jeff. Davis is now a rebel chief, coopedup in his capital by our victorious armies, and alreadyrehearsing his last dying speech and confession,in view of a certain  contingency notaltogether unconnected with the gallows. Theireyes are shut so tightly as they zing songs of peacethrough their noses, that they can see none of theblessings of war, and less of the inevitable glories ofthe future. The News is twenty years behind theage. Its office of publication should he transferredfrom New York to Richmond. Its name is a greatmistake, since no news is to be found in its columns.Its only use is that of a warning example, to showus what an American newspaper should not be andshould not say, as the Spartans hired intoxicatedharlots to teach children not to get drunk. Daily News  News The World is another tardy and tumble downconcern, Stated as a Christian paper, it graduallydegenerated into a shoddy paper, then into an Indiarubber paper, then into an ale-and-porter paper—all of whose editors wore straw hats and linen pantaloons—and then a stock-jobbing paper, until nowit has advanced so far back wards, like the rebel generals,that we have no single adjective which willadequately express its strange and antiquated characteristics.In sentiment it is almost as devoted anadmirer of Jeff. Davis as the News. As a newspaper,the News is rather its superior, if one kind ofnothingness can be called superior to another kindof nothingness. It is the organ of old fools, old fogies,old women in breeches and women withoutbreeches. Its ideas are aged, without being substantial,like a worm-eaten copy or a silly book, a ricketyshanty in Mackerelville, or some of the citynuisances which Inspector Boole has resolutely determinedto abate. Its favorite topic is the administration'styrannical interference with the freedomof the press, and it confutes its own arguments bycontinuing to be published daily. It tries to makepolitical and pecuniary capital out of its recent suspensionfor a day or two; when the record proves thatboth it and the News might have been suppressedlong ago, under existing regulation, on the chargeof giving aid and comfort to the enemy, and theireditors sent to Fort Warren, to keep company withPollard, of the Richmond Examiner, whose rebel utterancesthey have always eagerly emulated, andoften surpassed. Its stale opinion are rehashed ina sort of Bohemian style not very different from thatof the author of the forged proclamation, who wasat one time a contributor to its columns. Althoughthe latest and the most graceless pro convertto Democratic principles, it aspires to instruct theDemocratic  and talks loudly about theDemocratic party and the  of this party uponthe coming Presidential contact. The Democraticparty died same time since, and is the  of rubbish  out by such journal asthe World and the News. All of the old are dead, and these who . World News. News News Examiner       News.    

 ☞ NOTICE —The friends of Return and Progress willhold a meeting in King's Grove, near Burton Square, GeaugaCo., O., commencing the last Saturday in June, andcontinuing trough the following Sabboth. We should be glad to sea some of our radical referencefrom the Past on that concession. R.H. OBER. 

 No member of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet—net evenWilliam H. Seward—has been so frequently held upto popular odium as the Postmaster General, Hon.Montgomery Blair. We deem is worthy of notice,that while he has not in a single member, that we areaware of, resorted to the press to reply to the bitteraccusations of his opponence, a single expression fromour lips indication a doubters to the correctness of acertain damaging accusation brought against him onthe Anti-Slavery platform, at the Tremont Temple,induces him to send us the following letter for publicationin the Liberator, party in self-defence, and toshow that we did him no more than justice in expressingthe doubt alluded to. It will be seen that,instead of negotiating for the Baltimore Clipper forthe purpose (as was alleged) of making it hostile tothe termination of slavery in Maryland, he had inview the exact opposite of this—namely, the abolitionof that dangerous and destructive system. To provehis friendliness to the cause of emancipation, he aversthat he is disposed to waive all differences of opinionon other points, and heartily co-operate with thesewho are laboring for its accomplishment. Nay, hedeclares that he "dissented even from the repeal ofFremont's Proclamation"—a declaration which givesus equal pleasure and surprise, because he has laboredunder the imputation, or at least suspicious, that it wasmainly owning to his adverse influence that the Presidentcountermanded that military edict, upon whichthe popularity of General Fremont has been so widelybased. Certainly, then, in this instance the mostcruel injustice has been done to Mr. Blair. Liberator Clipper Mr. Blair frankly reiterates the expression of hiscolonization views, which, of course, we strongly reprobate.But if he will advocate the emancipation of allwho are in bondage as right and just, time will determinewhether "freedom and equality are possible formasses of whites and blacks in the same community." WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON, Esq., Boston, Mass. ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON DEAR SIR—I am much gratified to perceive, by anextract from a recent speech of yours published inthe Boston Commonwealth, that you are sensible of theinjustice of the attacks made on me by the opponentsof the President. This induces me to say that youare altogether right in discrediting the statement, thatI had "brought an interest in the Baltimore Clipperfor the purpose (among other things) of preventingemancipation in Maryland." The sole object of mynegotiations with the proprietors of that journal wasto secure a press to advocate emancipation in a citywhere, at the time my negotiations began, we had nosuch advocate. The espousal of our cause, afterwards,by the able editor of the Baltimore American, superseded, in a great measure, the necessity for my negotiationswith the Clipper, and they were for that reasondiscontinued. EAR IR Commonwealth Clipper American Clipper I am gratified, also, to see that you do not considera difference of opinion on the question of whether theraces must be separated after emancipation a sufficientreason for division among friends of freedom beforewe have effected emancipation. "The Blairs," asthey are now distinguished for denunciation, havebeen in some degree the pioneers of one scheme ofemancipation, as you have been of another at theNorth; schemes which differ as to the manner bywhich it was proposed to accomplish and maintainemancipation. You thought it possibly might be necessaryto dissolve the Union to obtain emancipation;we believed it could only be accomplished by theforce of the Union, and, therefore, were for the unionfor the sake of emancipation itself, as well as for everyother reason. You think freedom and equality possiblefor masses of blacks and whites in the same community;we think all history proves the contrary.But, whilst these are important difference, we haveone common object—EMANCIPATION—and until thatis accomplished, we do not intend to separate ourselvesfrom the great body of the friends of the cause. Wehave, without regard to consequences, assisted toreach the earliest and most absolute triumph of thecause. We dissented even from the repeal of Fremont'sproclamation, although pronounced in derogation ofthe President's dignity and authority, and from a selfishmotive. The position he has now taken proveshe is ready to scarifies the cause which he pretendedprompted it, to reach the real object of his zeal; andwe, in common with the mass of the people, have learnedto appreciate the wiser and surer policy of the Headof the Government, who, in arresting the unauthorizedstep of a subordinate, left it to time and publicopinion to reveal and announce the necessity whichalone could justify the act. MANCIPATION We dissented even from the repeal of Fremont'sproclamation As respects the attempt to turn me out of the Cabinet,my brother Frank describes my feelings in a letterfrom Kingston, Georgia, dated 6th inst., in speakingof the designs against him:—"To morrow," hesays, "we march for the front, which we shall reachin two or three days, and in time to participate in thefinal struggle for Atlanta. We are exceedingly hopefulof results here, and equally so of Grant's success inVirginia. I see my radical friends in Congress arestill pursuing me. I hope they will have a good timeof it. I do not care a snap of my fingers whetherthey succeed or not in turning me out of Congressand the army both. I think, after the incessant excitementand toil of the past four years, I could enjoya little quiet retirement; especially as it is now apparentthat the rebellion will soon be put down, and OldAbe reelected." I am, very truly yours,Washington, June 21, 1864. M. BLAIR. 

 ☞ MYSTERY OF THE WAR! PARKER PILLSBURYwill lecture in North Weare, (N.H.) on Sunday, July 3,at 5 o'clock, P.M. ARKER ILLSBURY 

 We lose no time in laying before our readers afriendly and serious letter to us, —although unable thisweek to accompany it with such comments as its misconceptionscall for, —from Professor FRANCIS W.NEWMAN, of the London University, who, since therebellion broke out, has done our government eminentservice by his eloquent testimonies in its behalf,and in exposure of the monstrous designs of the traitorswho are struggling for its overthrow, but whosevision now seems to be beclouded, whose impeachmentof President Lincoln strongly contracts with hisformer praise or him, and whose apprehensions areevidently of the strongest kind as to the final issueof this great conflict with reference to slavery.Knowing him to be a true friend to our country andits free institutions, his letter excites our surprise, becauseit is lacking in that clear discrimination whichhas hitherto characterized his efforts, and becauseof its desponding tone, for which we see no reasonin the present state of affairs on this side of the Atlantic.Sincerely and warmly thanking him for it asa taken of his personal esteem, and his disinterestedsolicitude for the honor and triumph of our governmenton the principles of liberty and justice, we feelthat all the facts warrant us in saying that, since theissuing of the immortal Proclamation of January 1st,1862, the cause of the oppressed in our land has beensteadily growing brighter and brighter—the action ofthe government  and more de in oppositionto slavery, and in favor of the equal rights of thecolored population—and the public sentiment of theloyal North stronger and stronger for universal emancipationas essential to the sure and final of the Southern rebels. That those are to  and outgoes to be produced is true; but to it  to be where slavery and the country for  RANCIS EWMAN           

 ☞ GEORGE TOMPSON, Esq., will deliver on Addresson behalf of the Colored Soldiers' Aid Society, in theTwelfth Baptist Church, Southern Street, (Res. Mr.Grimes's,) on WEDNESDAY EVENING, July 6, at 6 o'clock.The admission will be 15 cents, and the entire proceeds willbe devoted to the benefit of the Sick and Wounded Soldiersbelonging to the Massachusetts Colored Regiments. EDNESDAY VENING 

 10 CIRCUS ROAD, LONDON, N.W.,June 7, 1864. IRCUS OAD ONDON DEAR SIR:—Your name is reverted by all here whoknow and care for the moral struggle of your nation,and the prospects of human justice. I write to youby way of honor, and with great cordiality, thoughalso for expostulation; having no other objects thanthose sacred interests, Truth and Right, to which youhave devoted your life, with sacrifices such as it hasnot been my privilege to make. EAR IR You have hitherto been strong by fixing your eyeson absolute right, and diedaining any compromise, suchas seridom in place of slavery would be. This mayhave made you (for ought I know) treasonable or factious;it may have embraced and temporarily weakenedgood men, who were attempting half measureswhen whole measures were impossible. But it hasgiven to your word immense moral weight in certaindirections; any, and weight even to your alliance. Ifit can be said. "Garrison does not reprove GeneralBanks's measures," it will be inferred that they do fulljustice the colored race. A great responsibility nowrests of you to use this power aright. From the day that I knew Garrison and WendellPhillips to have become Unionists and supporters ofthe war, I believed it to be a glorious and fruitful warof freedom. The English people at large were notable to cumulate or understand the advantage whichthe cause of freedom would assuredly have gained, ifthe rebels had been terrified your firm front. andhad returned to the Union without war—humiliated,but on their old footing, Hence, while hostile to thewicked South, we were cold to the North until Mr.Lincoln's Proclamation of September, 1862 arousedus. Legal documents are always harsh and obscureto the unprofessional and we habitually accept theirinterpretation from others. Leading articles of newspaperinterpreted the Proclamation for us, or, rather,misinterpreted it. I have but lately come to understandit aright, reading it as explained by facts. Mynew perceptions are truly painful, and very unwelcome. In the dinner given at Boston to Mr. Roudanez andCaptain Bertonneau, colored delegates from Louisiana,I read that you said, (not, I believe, for the first time,)that the President has pledged himself for the freedomof "the three million slaves of the rebel States."That was the sense in which we popularly understoodthe Proclamation. When any (in true or feigned realfor freedom) cried out: "Why does not the Presidentfree the slaves of Kentucky?" we had the readyanswer: "The Supreme Court will overrule him, ifhe attempt it; his legal powers do not reach so far."But we believed that a free Tennesses would soon ensurea free Kentucky. We were under the delunionthat Tennesses and Louisiana would forthwith be madeFree States. I believe they together contain above amillion and a quarter slaves. This is a horribly largededuction from your three millions; but the principleswhich have detained them in slavery would be equallyalarming, if only thirteen thousand instead of thirteenhundred thousand were here involved. we principles A friend of mine (an M.P.) told me that an eminentperson, whom I may not name, in conversationwith him, called Mr. Lincoln's Proclamation, when wewere be ginning to g rarity it, "a villainous hypocrisy;for he refused to set free those whom he could, whilepretending to set free those whom lie could not." Ineed not tell you, that a bitter desire to see your proudUnion broken to pieces animated that utterance; butI was surprised that a statesman with a name to loseshould commit himself to (what I deemed) an ignorant,vulgar slander; for I thought the reproach to bedirected only against the slavery still endured in theStates which had not rebelled. I am now pierced inheart to discover, that, however envemoned in thephrase, it was no slander at all, but a terrible truth. The Proclamation did not say that, on Jan. 1st,1868, "the slaves of all the States which have rebelledshall be free;" but," the slaves of 8 tales which shallbe than in rebellion;" and since, on that day, the handof the North was so heavy on Western Tennessee andNew Orleans that they could not rebel, (though theywould have rebelled in five minutes, had your armiesbeen withdrawn,) your President kept his word to theletter by excepting many hundred thousand personsfrom freedom. Butler, Chase, Fremont, Sumner, Andrew,—any Northern abolitionist,—any ordinary Englishman,—in the Presidential Chair, would have interpretedhis right to neglect Southern institutions as depending—1, on the States having thrown off allegiance;2, on the immorality and injustice of certainlaws; 3, on their inconsistency with Republicanism,which Congress is bound to maintain; 4, on the necessityof providing against future rebellion by a highhandedremoval of that which has caused the presentrebellion. But Mr. Lincoln puts a Southern interpretationon your Constitution, which is to you a greatand threatening calamity. He seems to believe thatbe has sworn to support slavery for the rebels, andthat his oath can only be relaxed in the crisis whenyour ship of state is foundering. He demands disaster,slaughter, visible impending ruin, as an inexorablecondition, before he is allowed to free a slave. Youmust pay in blood of white men for freedom of black;and the more honest he is, the worse for you. It isnow cruelly manliest, that your heroes of PittsburghLanding and Fort Donnelson were too brave. If theyhad been driven back with ignominy,—and much morecertainly, if they bad been massacred in heaps,—asecond year's war would hare brought freedom to Tennessee.But, alas for the good cause I You conqueredin the first campaign; you stuck firm in the conquest;you did not fulfil the requisite condition of humiliatingdisasters: hence your arms, instead of striking offfetters from the slave, are become the tools of theslave-owner. And why? Is it because the SupremeCourt would have overruled a President who freed theslaves of a State in rebellion? No: but because, withyour President, it is not the treason of the rebels, butyour " military necessity,"—that is, present and gallingdanger,—which alone makes his conscience easy ina deed so rash and desperate as that of giving to hisinnocent, injured, loyal fellow-citizens their elementarynatural rights. His Proclamation has done immensegood; nor will I yield to you in extolling many of hisacts. Yet if we had understood the quality of hislogic, his exclusion of morality from Presidential duties,and his wonderful disowning of all duty towardscolored men not prescribed in the codes of slaveholders,it would have been impossible to excite enthusiasmfor him in an English audience. Had "three groansfor the slaves of Tennessee" been called for by aConfederate sympathizer, the meetings must have beenbroken up in despair, without our being able to sendyou a single congratulation. have rebelled than condition requisite condition alone A secondary yet very grave result of Mr. Lincoln'speculiar conscience is, that while elected (as wethought) to oppose the Southern doctrine, that slaveryis national, not merely local; he has lot the first timegiven to slavery the national states which it coveted.In old days, the Iniquity was maintained in Tennesseeby local wickedness only. Mr. Lincoln has insisted(quite gratuitously, as it has seemed to Europeans)on upholding it there by Federal guilt; and has forcedNorthern soldiers to become the vile instruments ofthe slaveholder, which they disdained to bum theirnative States. This is a dead, to which Wm. LloydGarrison's indignation seems justly due. (A friendwho roads the Liberator will not believe the met; ohthat I could learn that I am under a delusion I) Mr.Lincoln of late wrote deliberately," If Slavery is notwrong, then nothing is wrong." Yet he has volunterilytaken an oath which he imagines to bind him to upholdwrong so superlative; and he does uphold it,instead of abdienting and making way for others, whoput a freeman's intterpertation on your noble Constitutionand do not before it with this inbense and burning Liberator volunterily  No is now establishing in Louisiana,—as a patternfor future reconstructions, I suppose,—another doctrinestill more deadly to your prospects. My hopesa  did not finally give way until Id the statement of Mr. Roudener, which youheard, that the President kindly told them he couldnot redress their wrongs on moral grounds, but, if atall, only as a military necessity. Horrible indeed isthe augury for your future, when your Chief Magistratedares not indulge the moralities of his heart,through conscientious tremor at the guilt of violatingthe wicked laws of conquered rebels! Is he notpractically invoking a new insurrection, which shalldisplay in glassing colored the "military necessity,"now,  bidden from his eyes! I confuse thatyour cheerful and highly satisfied speech is replyfilled me with deep m. With false imeprinciples as the basis of your recep nothingis safe: all that is apparently won may be lost in asingle week. The new born freedom guaranteed toLouisiana by one tenth part of the  acting for thewhole, is surely not so wrong as was the Constitutionof Washington and Franklin. Your new parchmentfreedoms are worthless, if white men are to carryarms, and colored men are to be dicar as theyinfallibly will be, under your new regions. In all history,I never read of an insurrection on causeless andso wicked as that of your Southern rebels; and in allhistory I know not where to find so senseless an infatuationas that of putting power into the hands ofyour disloyal conquered enemies, and casting your loyalfriends under their feet. It la a combination of basenessand folly which demands of you, as a patriarch offreedom, as a historical name, and a real power inAmerica, to prophesy, and even rave, sod cry Woe!Woe I against your nation. Your enemies here gloatover it, knowing that it ensures your rain; your friendsalmost universally hush the matter up, so that so detailscan be learned from them. Such a policy, if itis to receive sanction from Congress, and becometypical, positively ensures disaffection of the Southernholders of power, and exhaustion of the North.And if New Orleans, or Mobile, or Charleston revoltagain after being conquered, be sure that your enemiesin the English and French cabinets will knowthat their hour is come. The revolted parts will be occupiedby English and French fleets before we boar ofany such scheme. Tour Free States, after the prodigiousstrain of this war, will collapse into comparativeapathy. We shall be too much disgusted with yourfolly to hart any pity at your falling in pieces.        their hour is come. Until recently, I have looked on your war with serenesatisfaction as a sublime sacrifice for a magnificentfuture, glorious to you, beneficent to our millions.I have indulged In glowing anticipations, lawhich I seemed to friends but a wild dreamer. SinceI have learned that your President has sanctionedGen. Banks's ordinances, I begin to fear that I haveindeed been a dreamer, and that your enemies hereare substantially correct; one of whom said to me,three years ago: "The North hates slavery; but ithates colored men still more; and it will rather breakup the Union, than endure to admit them into realequality." A time of war and revolution decides thegreat principles on which future weal or woe depends.New moral principles are needed, not slave-owners'base notions, or you are lost. A purer morality mustbe enunciated by your Chief Magistrate, and sternly applied,before you can purge your civil and military administrationof virtual traitors. Everyone in Europewho has any political thought knows that yourUnion can have no future, unless your stupid andbase legislating about the color of a man's skin benow, once for all, extirpated and renounced. In agreat revolution, you must strike while the iron is hot,and strike bard; caring entirely for principles, andnot at all for persons. If you delay but a little more;if you let the next Presidential elections pass, withoutsternly enforcing on the candidates a total abandonmentof your cardinal and ruinous national insanity,—prejudice against color; your national future maybe lost for ever. mustbe enunciated by your Chief Magistrate, and sternly applied,before you can purge your civil and military administrationof virtual traitors. Everyone in Europewho has any political thought knows that yourUnion can have no future, unless your stupid andbase legislating about the color of a man's skin benow, once for all, extirpated and renounced. In agreat revolution, you must strike while the iron is hot,and strike bard; caring entirely for principles, andnot at all for persons. If you delay but a little more;if you let the next Presidential elections pass, withoutsternly enforcing on the candidates a total abandonmentof your cardinal and ruinous national insanity,—prejudice against color; your national future maybe lost for ever. I am, Dear Sir, Yours with high respect and esteem,FRANCIS W. NEWMAN, 

 THE subscriber has in preparation a large and elegantlithographic Portrait of Mr. Garrison, from an originalcrayon drawing by Thomas M. Johnston, which he believeshe is safe in  will be, in all respects, themost satisfactory portrait of this distinguished advocate ofimpartial freedom ever offered to the public.  Size of print 21 by 27 inches. Price $1.50 for IndiaProof copies, which will be sent by mail, free of postage,on receipt of pries: A liberal discount to agents. CHARLES H. BRAINARD. May 20. tf 

 LEICESTER, June 25,1864. EICESTER DEAR MR. GARRISON—In the Liberator of yesterdayI observe,—copied into the " Refuge of Oppression,"fit place for them,—several articles from theNew Nation, the New York paper which has appearedas the organ of the Cleveland Convention, and of thenew party which places at its bead, in singular union,the names of John C. Fremont and John Cochrane.The last of the extracts from the New Nation containsa paragraph copied from the Liberator of June 3d, andbecause of which the New Nation falls Into a sort ofspasm of astonishment, and is only able to recover bypronouncing you to be in your dotage, &C, &C Now,I make such reasonable haste as I may, to say thatwhatever the faults or otherwise of that paragraph,(which was on the Cleveland Convention, and themany anti slavery things it did not tag,) you, the aforesaidman "in his dotage," are not in any respect responsiblefor it. You were, at the time it was writtenand printed, attending the Progressive Friends' meetingin Pennsylvania; and that fact was distinctlyat the head of the Liberator's editorial columns, Immediatelypreceding the article from which the New Nation quotes! Was it carelessness or something worse,then, which led it to attribute to you what clearlymust have been written by another hand? (1) EAR R. ARRISON New Nation Liberator New Nation your dotage Liberator's New Nation (1) In your absence, the paper was necessarily editedby others; and, to the extent at least of the paragraphwhich has so shocked the New Nation, was edited bymyself, I could not refrain from pointing out, to thereaders of that week's Liberator, and with somethingof the indignation which I felt at the shameful bargainingcarried on at Cleveland, the remarkable omissions(in behalf of Freedom and Justice to the ColoredMan) to be found in the platform of that Convention.I should have spoken more plainly, as the paragraphitself will testify, if I had felt sure that the telegraphyreport of said platform was correct,—as it since appearsto have been. New Nation Liberator omissions I am sure it will not trouble you much to be informedby the New Nation, that you are a "lost leader,"—if wanted to lead in the way the New Nation wouldmarshal us. Few self respecting men can be willingto "lead," or to go in the same company with a paperwhich editorially voids such spitefulness and hatred,under a canting profession of great zeal for freedom,against yourself, and simply because you choose tohave and to express your own opinion as to whetherAbraham Lincoln is or is not on anti-slavery ground,preferable to some other man or men, as next President. New Nation New Nation lead I write this, not because I suppose it to be of anyserious consequence to you, or anybody else, whatsuch a writer as the author of those articles in theNew Nation may say; but because I think it to be myduly to state the simple fact of the authorship of theparagraph in the Liberator, and to let the blame of it,if blamable it be, rest where it should. New Nation Let me, while writing, congratulate you that theFugitive Slave Law LIES DEAD, struck down by bothHouses of Congress! The President's signature willundoubtedly follow. But this, I suppose, will only beas additional proof, in some quarters, that this is "themost infamous administration the country has everhad "I Well! let it but continue thus to sweep awaythe bulwarks and supports of slavery, until the wholeis gone, root and branch, and the world will decidewhere the infamy belongs. Fugitive Slave Law infamy Truly yours,SAMUEL MAY, JR. AMUEL AY R. (1)Our friend Mr. May does us but simple justice in acknowledgingthat he wrote the article which elicited thespiteful criticism upon us by the New Nation.—[ED. LID. (1)Our friend Mr. May does us but simple justice in acknowledgingthat he wrote the article which elicited thespiteful criticism upon us by the New Nation.—[ED. LID. New Nation. D. ID. 

 ST. PAUL, MINNESTOA. T. AUL INNESTOA. ☞ Special attention given to securing and collectingclaims for Eastern Merchants. References:WENDULL PHILLIPS, Esq., Boston.A.L. PAINE, Esq., Suffolk Bank, do.FARWELL, FIELD &Co., Chicago, Illinols.SRUVENS &BARNUM, Washington, D.C. ENDULL HILLIPS AINE ARWELL IELD RUVENS ARNUM May 20. tf 

 CROWD THE HOUSE!—GEORGE THOMPSON, Esq.will deliver an Address on behalf of the Colored Soldiers'Aid Society, in the 12th Baptist Church, SouthernStreet, (rev. Mr. Grimes's) on WEDNESDAY EVENING,July 6t, at 6 o'clock. The admission will be15 cents, and the entire proceeds will be devoted tothe benefit of the sick and wounded soldiers belongingto the Massachusetts Colored Regiments. Wetrust that the speaker and the cause will, togethersecure a large audience. ROWD THE OUSE EORGE HOMPSON EDNESDAY VENING 

 AT a very moderate cost—$35, $100, $110, $135, $165,$260, and upward, according to number of Steps andstyle of case. They are elegant as please of furniture, occupying littlespace, are not liable to get out of order, and every one iswarranted for five years. introduced about a year since, and manufactured exclusivelyby MASON $ NAMLIN, here met with  unprecedentedin the history of musical instrument. Supplyinga long-felt want, they have been received with thegreatest pleasure by the musical perfusion and the public,and have already been very widely introduced, and thedemand for them is still rapidly increasing, and must continueto increase as their merits become known. They areto private houses, Sunday Schools, and smaller churches,all that the larger pipe organs are to large churches. Inaddition to this, they are admirably adapted to the performanceof secular as well as sacred music.  The Cabinet Organ is essentially different from and a verygreat improvement upon all instruments of the melodeonor Harmonium kind. Its superior excellence consists inmany important characteristic, among which are: 1. The more organ-like character of its  Indeed,it is asserted with confidence that it has not yet been foundpossible to produce a better quality of tens from pipes thanis attained to these organs.  2. It has greatly more power and volume of tens in proportionto its cost. 3. By the employment of a very simple and beautiful invention,its capacity for expression is made vastly greaterthan has ever before been attained in such instruments.This invention is especially valuable, because  anypractice is necessary to render it available. Any ordinaryperformer can master it in an hour or two.  4. It admits of great rapidity of execution, adapting itto the performance of a great variety of  secular music.  5. No instrument is less liable to get out of order. 6. It will remain in tune ten times as long as a planeforte. It may be reasonably mid, that if these instrumentshave the great and obvious  thus claimed forthem, they must have received very noun from professional musicians, who would actually bemost interested in the introduction of such instruments,and who are the best judges of their  Such recommendationsalready here been given let  to an unparalleled.      Among these who here  written testimony totheir admirable qualities and great disability, and thatthey regard tem as unequalled by any other instrumentof their other, are such well-known  as Lowell Thomas  William B.  GeorgeF: Rest, &C; the most distinguished  in the country,as Butler of Trinity Church, N.Y.  of Church,  of Mr.  Church, Boston, Wets,Wilson, Testaments,  &C: such as  Wm. Mass., Mill,  Steamboat,etc.: in brief, more than two hundred musicians, includinga large portion of the most  in the country, havetestified to this effect. Each Cabinet Organ is coarselybound, as that it can be seat  to any part of the country.                 ILLUSTRATION CATALOGUES, with full particulars,free to any address. WARENOONS,274 Washington Street, Boston,7 Merrer Street, New York ARENOONS MASON &HAMLIN. Feb. 26 6m 

 ☞ The enlistment of colored troops in Kentuckyunder the management of Gen. Thomas is going onvery rapidly. A week ago six hundred came intoone rendezvous, and ten regiments are expected to bein service by July. Morgan's late raid is said to havehad a good effect is dissipating the prejudice againstmaking soldiers of the blacks, and to have quickenedthe desire of the white to fill up the quota of theState with negro troops. 

 ALL interested in Phonograph Shorthand should sendfor the PHONOGRAPHIC VISITOR, No. 1, sevencents; Nos. 1 and 2, twelve cents. No. 2 explains thePhonographic Alphabet, gives shove, and all the moregeneral principles of the Art. All interested in Phonographicthe best Shorthand, should send for No. 4 of thePhonographic Visitor, 7 cents. Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 4 nowready, 23 cents. Address ANDREW J. GRAHAM,491 Breadway, New York. June 24. tDec. 1. 

 The Newburyport Herald, of Saturday last, announcethe death of our much esteemed friend and earlyAnti- Slavery coadjutor, JOSHIUA COFFIN, ESQ., ofFebruary, as follows:— OSHIUA OFFIN SQ. Joshua Coffin, Esq., Historian of Newbury, well-donas an antiquarian of much research, and acquainted with the records of this State fromits earliest settlement, died suddenly, on Thursdaynight, at the age of 73 years. He expired in the housewhere he was born, and where his ancestors had retiredfor some two hundred years. It is nearly opposedthe Oldtown meeting house, and is one of the olderbecause in these parts. The first centennial of thesettlement of Newbury was celebrated on the groundsin front of that house in 1735. The family has alwaysbeen of the highest respectability, and many membersof it in this community and in dis5tant parts of thecounty have risen to distinction in literary, professionalmercantile and political life. Mr. Coffin waseducated at Dartmouth College, and for many yearswas a teacher. He was the schoolmaster of John G.Whittier, who has written of him verses that will propetuatehis memory through many generations. Fromevery early date he was an active Abolitionist, andas one of the twelve—the apostles of the cause—who formed the first abolition society in Massachusettsand set in motion that ball which now shakesthe world by its revolutions.  Four of these men were from this immediate neighbors—William Lloyd Garrison and Isaac Knappof Newburyport. John G. Whittler of Amesbury, andJoshua Coffin of Newbury. He ever after ardentlyacted to behalf of the slave; and in sympathy withthe oppressed pursued his labors to the extreme South,where he discovered and rescued from slavery twopersons, residents of Pennsylvania, who had been soldinto bondage. He lived in Philadelphia in 1840, whenthe Whigs came into power, and belonging to that partywas appointed to a penny post man; but the Arguseye of slavery then searched out the opponents of the"peculiar institution "in the most obscure places, andthe administration that questioned Edward Everett,and for a time suspended his nomination as Ministerto the Court of St. James, would not permit Mr. Coffin,the abolitionist, to carry letters. He was removed atthe request and action of men, some of them now livingwho in the course of twenty three years have becomemore radical on the slavery question than he everthought to be. So great a revolution in public sentimentshas transpired in the last third of his life. Mr. Coffin had a large circle of acquaintances, whichincluded many public men, such as Daniel Webster,Rufus Choate, Whittier, Thaddeus Stevens, Sumner,and a host of others: and by all he was highly recordfor his integrity, devotion to principle, and conscientiousaction on all occasions. He closed his careerwith this verdict from all who knew him—a good andworthy man has died. He was very peculiar in hishabits of thought and action—in the organization ofhis mind and its development; but in a long life hemight the injury of none, and did good to all, as hehad the power and means. The public is indebted tohim for the "History of Newbury," by which a massof information, collected through many years, is preparedfamilies are indebted to him for genealogicalregisters, and facts and anecdotes illustrative of thecharacters of their ancestors; and many individualsare indebted to him for kindly acts. He was unfortunatein the last seven years, by having his mindclouded, at times, by a determination of blood to thehead. At these seasons he was exceedingly depressedon spirits and voluntarily sought treatment at thebecause Asylum at Worcester. He died, however,from rupture, which caused mortification, by which hegently passed to his long sleep. The tribute here paid to our departed friend we cordiallyendorse. His anti slavery zeal ever burned aalready flame, and his testimony against the heinouscrime of making man the prsperty of man, was alwaysgiven with courage and emphasis, and in a rightspirit. He helped to organize the New England AntislaverySociety in Boston, January 1st, 1832; and hiscame will be found among those who signed the DECRATIONOF SENTIMENTS in Philadelphia in 1833,and who then assisted in the formation of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society. His contributions to thecolumns of the Liberator, for the first three or fouryears in special, were frequent, and always distinguishedfor pith and good sense. His various serviceswere of great value to the cause at that early periodand he deserves to be remembered as among thetruest and best of those who quickly responded to theclaims of a race meted out and trodden under foot.Long once broken down in health, his release from"the ills that flesh is heir to," and removal to"another and better world," are substantial gains tohim. ECRATIONOF ENTIMENTS Liberator The following letter, addressed by him to us a fewdays since, though not sent at the time, as will be seenby the note accompanying it from his daughter; willbe perused with interest:— NEWBURY, June 28, 1864. EWBURY DEAR MR. GARRISON—The enclosed is the last lettermy dear father ever wrote. I think you will liketo see it. Will you send it back to me, as I want tokeep it all my life? I sealed it for him a week agothis afternoon, but his sickness prevented him fromsending it, or rather of thinking of it. EAR R. ARRISON last letter Respectfully yours,MARY H. COFFIN. NEWBURY, June 20, 1864. EWBURY DEAR GARRISON—The first Anti Slavery tractpublished in Massachusetts, as far as I have been ableto ascertain, was written by Judge Samuel Se wall, anonly resident in Newbury, and afterwards in Boston.The tract was entitled, "The Selling of Joseph," andwas published not far from 1710, and till lately, noany was supposed to be in existence. Within a shorttime, a copy has been found among the Winthrop papers,and will be published by the Massachusetts HistoricalSociety. Judge Se wall's view of rights ofman, irrespective of clime or color, is well expressedby him in the following lines, published in 1697:— EAR ARRISON ""Boast not, proud English, of they birth or blood,Thy brother Indian is by birth as good;Make sure thy second birth, else thou shall seeHeaven ope to Indians wide, but shut to thee."    In the Judge's diary I find in the year 1716 thefollowing— "I essayed to prevent negroes and Indians beingrated with horses and cattle, but could not succeed." The Judge was a man of ardent and unaffected piety,and impartial generosity and benevolence. Themantle of the good old man still rests on some of hisdescendants, and who, unlike many persons of thepresent day, are not of that class who have so muchwhom that they are destitute of humanity, especiallywho the claims of the slave and their duty respectinghim are presented. That class of non-doers, whohave botherto endeavored to throw off all responsibilityrespecting slavery, by charging the sin on their ancestors,and transferring repentance to posterity, arenow learning a most painful and salutary lesson—alesson which the whole nation will be taught "withbriars and thorns," as David taught the men of Successand will be at school till the lesson is thoroughlywarned It may take years, but it will be done.That this will be the case, I have never had a doubt;for "when God's judgments are abroad in the earth,the inhabitants thereof will learn righteousness."Butt and obstinate as we are, the iron logic of events,under the direction of Divine Providence, is teachingto a lesson which we shall have reason to remember,and the oppressors of the poor will never forget. Yours, truly,JOSHUA COFFIN. OSHUA OFFIN. THE CONTINENTAL MONTHLY, for July, is morebrilliant than usual. Read the following list of constantand then procure the work and read the articles:—An Army: Its Organization and Movements, byLieut. Col. C.W. Tolles, A.Q.M.—second paper;Anone, chapters VIII. and IX.; American Slaveryand Finances, by Hon. Robert J. Walker; The Cross,by I. Foxton; The English Press, by Nicholas Rowe,London; Life on a Blockader, by the author of "TheLost Cruise of the Monitor"; Buckle, Draper;Church and State—fourth paper—by Edward B. Freeland,Look Out Mountain, by Alfred B. Street; OneLight, by Julius Wilcox; Aphorisms, by Rev. AnaColton, James Fenimore Cooper on Secession andState Rights, by Charles K. Tuckerman; The ResurrectionFlower, by M.E. Dodge; Recognition, byVirginia Vanghan; The Seventh Hundredth Birthdayof a German Capital, by Prof. Andrew TenLook; The Danish Sailor, by G.T.M.; AmericanCivilization, by Lieut. Egbert Phelps, U.S.A.;Church Marie, by Lucia D. Pychowska; LiteraryNotices. J.F. Trow, 50 Green Street, New York,Publisher. HE ONTINENTAL ONTHLY 

 THE undersigned begs leave to inform his friends andthe public, that (owing to ill health) be has beenobliged to leave his situation at Messrs. M.R. &Co's, now Messrs. Shreve, Stanweed &Co's where he hasbeen employed for the last fourteen years, the work beingtoo heavy for his physical strength and is new preparedto do all manner of  In the most careful manner. New Fixtures put up, old Fixtures and  cleaned, lands stoppedGas Fixtures done over, and  of all kindsfurnished at short notices. Also, Gas  of all theapproved .      Particular  Lighting up for   Lighting up for   Shop under the  may be left atMessrs,  street,Boston.     Refers   Oct. —1y.  

 A large audience having assembled at the TwelfthBaptist Church on Monday evening, June 26th, 1861,the Chairman, Wm. Wells Brown, announced that anevent was about to transpire, partaking some what ofhistoric character, in which, in ventured to predict,all present would take exceeding Interest. At this point. Rev. Leonard A. Grimes appeared,escorting his Excellency Governor Andrew down theaisle, which was the signal for an outburst of applause,continuing until after he was  in the pulpitWilliam V. Nell then arose, and spoke m follows:—  Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen—By the perhapstoo partial favor of some friends interested in aportion of this evening's exercises, the signal honor hasbeen conferred upon your humble servant of submittinga message to our illustrious guest. Governor Andrew. Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen May it please your Excellency—The mission allottedme on this occasion has suggested my cutting a fewextracts from the tablet of memory, possessed in commonby the colored citizens of Boston and vicinity. May it please your Excellency During the winter of 1846, (as some of us remember,)you delivered a lecture before our AdelphicUnion Library Association, to supply a vacancy occasionedby the imperative absence of Hon. CharlesSumner. Your labor of love that evening, in dispensingto us the dewdrops of knowledge, was bat oneamong many preceding evidences of your heartfeltinterest in the improvement of those who then couldnot, as in our happy privilege now to boast, bask inthe sunlight of literary advantages. We remember your brilliant career as a Massachusettslegislator, characterized as it was by heroic andeloquent service for the removal of Judge Loring—protesting against the word white on the Statute Book,and against the Dred Scott decision—having alreadybeen most zealous in promoting the equal school rightsof colored children in Boston. white We remember the boundless joy of oar hearts,when our own beloved Massachusetts (God blessher!) honored herself, as we believe beyond all precedent,in calling John A. Andrew to the gubernatorialchair. We remember the profound sagacity and foresightwhich marked your administration during the earlyhistory of this Slaveholders' Rebellion, augmented bythat sense of justice which recognizes man as man,irrespective of accidental differences; and that it wasyour bugle-blast which first summoned colored Americansoldiers into the field. We remember that auspicious day, the 18th of May,1863, when flags were presented to the Massachusetts54th; and your speech was such an eloquent expressionof hope, confidence and encouragement, that itanimated all hearts, and so inspired the soldiers, that,during that memorable and historic scene of daringand gallant service at Fort Wagner, the most potentrallying-cry for one last, best effort was, "Boys, rememberGod and Governor Andrew!" Boys, rememberGod and Governor Andrew!" We remember your persevering exertions to securefrom the Government full pay to the colored volunteers,for which solicitude in their behalf, they and their familieswill ever bless you. We remember the notable example, and one farreaching in influence, of your prominent participationin a public dinner of welcome in this city to two coloredcitizens of Louisiana—Messrs. Roudanez andBertonneau. We remember that, whether as a citizen, a professionalman, a legislator, a philanthropist, or a Christianmagistrate, yours has ever been the heart to conceive,the head to organize, and the hand to execute the waysand means for the public recognition of the coloredman as an equal before the law. These pleasing reminiscences, sir, have contributedto a desire of tendering some public token of our feelings,in which purpose we have been happily secondedby our two young friends and respected fellow-citizens,Messrs. Jacob R. Andrews and William H. Simpson,whose united mechanical skill and artistic genius haveculminated in producing this portrait of your Excellency,which we ask you to accept; not by any meansas an equivalent for, but simply an acknowledgmentof your valuable services in Humanity's cause, and asa medium for the grateful homage of our hearts. In this connection we may be permitted to makethe statement, that we confess to indulging a feeling ofpride, (a legitimate one, however, as we think the associationswill warrant,) in the fact that this gilt frameand the portrait are the work of those hands whichimpart just that color to the idea which we believewill commend our presentation none the leas to yourExcellency. In conclusion, we would invoke continued prosperityupon the old Bay State, and that your Excellencymay live to behold the day when, as the result oflabors conjointly with the tried and true of Freedom'sarmy on this wide domain of earth, from theAtlantic to the Pacific sea, there shall not be found atyrant nor a slave. Loud applause greeted this speech at several points,and at its conclusion; and when the Governor rose toreply, shouts of joyous approval made the welkinring. His Excellency confessed himself surprised at thepresentation, having supposed that the meeting towhich he had been invited was similar to others whichhe had addressed in that place. He thanked themsincerely for their kind recollection of him and whatthey had pleased to enumerate of his honest interestand efforts in the good cause they all loved; disclaimingthe merit, however, which had been so generouslyawarded. He proceeded to speak of the cause at large, andthe rebellion and the war in their relation to the annihilationof slavery and the elevation of the coloredman; during which, he Introduced many facts illustrativeof the bravery and devotion of colored soldiers,and offered many valuable suggestions to colored menand women as to their responsibilities in the country'spresent emergency, with a view to their growthof character and position in the community. The Governor's speech was timely, eloquent andimpressive; and the applause which it elicited, andthe earnest attention of the audience, were proof ofits hearty acceptance. The portrait was now inspected by a large proportionof the audience, who expressed much commendationof the design and workmanship. After a vote at thanks to the ladies whose serviceshad so greatly aided the purposes of the meeting, acommittee was appointed to transfer the portrait tothe residence of his Excellency; when the large andenthusiastic audience adjourned. 

 BY AUGUSTA COOPER KIMBALL. I sit In the lap of New Hampshire,And clasped in her rugged embrace,I turn to a State's larger glory,As a flower to the sun turns a fade;To a State, that all others surprising,Has climbed to the uppermost place.      Massachusetts! God made her a diamond,The largest in Liberty's crown;And her been, like a lance of the lightning,Strikes Error and Tyranny down,And stabe at the life of Injustice,Through folded in Royalty's gown.      Massachusetts! the farthest in workingThe Heaven-given problem of Man;In her light how the nations croop after,And follow the trail of her plan!All the peoples to God pressing slowly—Massachusetts the first in the van.      She waves, in the world's mighty banner,A portion of crystalline white;Her garments, blanched out to the lily,Are poets may walk out to most her,Nor stoop from the other and light.     She stands, Heaven's acolothist, lighting,Where else men would painfully grope;And urges her fact in the pathwayThat falls not of God in its scope;And we call her Humanity's promise,Its guide and millennial hops.      But now, from my nest in the granite,I send up the prayer of entreatTo send up the prayer of entreatTo Heavens for our grand Massachusetts,And the convict that's down at her feet:God! give her the strength and the spiritHer glory and grace to complete!       The arm, that in duty and laborBrings nothing to tyrants but loss,That dares in the face of usurpers,Defiant the challenge to tom,God nerve it high over all othersTo lift up the sign of the Cross!      State, foremost in justice and progress—Utopia, growing in bad!O feet that have ever pressed forward,In spite of the mountain and flood!Shall we find thee still worthy of worship,Slipped back in a criminal's blood?      Oh, pause not! but grasp the occasion,And flash us down something of God!No rope for the neck of a sinner,Where Justice and Merey have trod;No strength that can build up a scaffold,With the Cross firmly fixed in the sod.      O breast of the Parian whiteness,Where all things herele and freeNurse and cluster! be grand in thy pity,As the heart of God's chosen should be!Touch Christ! grow sublime in remissionTo him who now waits at thy knee!      O State, that is strongest in graspingFrom hands of Oppression the rod!Use thy magic in this was in fetters!—Sweep scaffolds away from the sod!Time the heart of the world in its throbbing,To the merciful pulses of God!      * Postmaster E. Green. Croydon, N.H. * Postmaster E. Green. Croydon, N.H. 

 To the Hon. HENRY WILSON, U.S. Senator from Massachusetts,to whose distinguished ability, integrity, andfirmness for the right, in this and many other instance,humanity and the future are so much indebted, these are , by his especial permission, most respectfullydedicated. ENRY ILSON  I. No slave beneath that starry flag,The emblem of the free!No fettered hand shall wield the brandThat smites for Liberty!No tramp of servile armiesShall shame Columbia's shore;For he who fights for Freedom's rightsIs free forevermore.        II. No slave beneath those glorious foldsThat o'er our fathers flow,When every breath was dark with death,But every heart was true!No serfs of earth's old empiresKnelt' neath its shadow then;And they who now beneath it howForevermore are men!        III. Go tell the ashes of the bravesWho at Port Hudson fell;Go tell the dust whose holy trustStern Wagner guards so well;Go breathe it softly—slowly—Where'er the patriot slaveFor right has fled, and tell the deadHe fills a freeman's grave.        freeman's grave. IV. Go tell Kentucky's bondmen true,That he who fights is free!And let the tale fill every galeThat facets o'er Tennessee!Let all our mighty riversThe story Southern pour,And every wave tell every, slaveTo be a slave no more!        V. Go tell the brave of every landWhere'er that flag hat flown—The tyrant's fear, the patriot's cheer,Through every clime and zone—That now no more foreverIts stripes are Slavery's No tear-drops stain its azure plain,Nor dim its golden stars!         VI. No slave beneath that grand old flag!Forever let it fly!With lightning rolled in every fold,And flashing victory!God's blessing breathe around it!And when all strife is done,Nay Freedom's light, that known no night,Make every star a sun!        GEORGE LANSING TAYLOR. EORGE ANSING AYLOR. New-Britton, C May, 1864.  "The Conference Committee [of the Senate and Houseof Representative] inserted one very important amountin the Conscription bill, when it was before them.Sumter Wilson announced to them his firm resolution thatno slave should serve the government for one momentof a slave, and it was provided that the drafted or enlistedslave shall be free the instant he onters the service."—Independent's Wash. Corr. Feb, 25, 1854. Independent's Wash. Corr. Feb, 25, 1854. See, also, see. 26 of the Conscript Act, in the N.Y. Tribune,Daily of Feb. 15, and Weekly of Feb. 20. Tribune 

 God reigns, and favors Truth and Right;Merey and Justice His delight;Wheover turns away from sin,His mercy and his grese shall win.Farth's mightiest things abide His ken,He deals with nations as with men;But long He walts the suppliants' cries,And long their faith and patience tries;Then rises, and with princely handGrants freely all their needs demand;And treason, perjury and bloodProvoke the vengeance of His rod.But long before His bolts are sent,He sends the warning to repent; Neglected long, the moment comesSudden the fatal shaft strikes home.                

 MR. EDITOR—The Convention of the YoungMen's Christian Associations has made a considerable splurge among us recently as the readers of the dailypapers are aware and has been patronizingly waitedupon by the amiable and correct Bostonians. R. DITOR Holding a session of about a week's duration composedof delegates representing all parts of the loyalcountry, it has had at its service our festal halls, ourresonant organs, our children's melodious voices, thesmiles of our fair the sight of our Russians and theirships, the benedictions of our clergy the freedom ofour pews, and to some extent our tables—crownedwith a triumphal excursion around our aquariel publicgarden—Boston Harbor—in our most beautiful steamer,and a banquet at city expense. What comme malts an to fellow upon thiscostly bringing together and entertainment, in thesetimes of famine prices and universal taxation, of somany persons residing hundreds and in some inthousands of miles away, is best known to those whoare inside of the convocational ring; and the question,why was not this saved, and the money given to thepoor, might be deemed as impertinent as upon a formeroccasion.   But as far as yet appears in regard to this oracularassemblage, the quintessence of its public admonitionand fine result of its mountainous labor are comprisedin the following preamble and resolution passedunanimously, and unconnected with any others,on the last day of the session:— "Whereas, dancing, card-playing, theatre-going,and intemperance in various forms are to a fearful extentbecoming the besetting sine of professing Christiansin this country; and whereas. all who do thesethings are thus vainly striving to do what our Saviorhas explicitly declared to be impossible, when he said,'Ye cannot serve God and Mammon'; and whereas.to all such that Scripture which saith, ' Woe untothose who are at ease in Won,' in applicable; therefore, Resolved, That it is the duty of all Young Men'sChristian Associations in the land, and of every memberof each of said Associations, to oppose these sinsby all the means in their power; and especially to opposethem by their example in abstaining from them." Whether or not these besetting sins are named bythe Convention in the order of their heinousness doesnot appear; but a similar arrangement will be properin their consideration; and it will be observed, thatthis is not merely a resolution of self-reformation inthese particulars, restricted in its terms to the membersof the body, but a resolve to reform others also,and amounts to a general indictment of the wholecommunity. 1. How to reconcile this interdiction of the "poetryof motion"—authority for which is sought among theleaves of the New Testament with that other declarationamong the earlier pages of the inspired volume,that there is a time wherein it is proper to dance,and that God has made everything beautiful in itstime—would doubtless have been at the closing hoursof the Convention a question too perplexing for thesomewhat jaded faculties of its members. To bediscreet is sometimes to be valorous—to ignore wasthen to be wise. That "young ones think old ones are fools, butold ones know that young ones are," is an acceptedproverb. Whether the middle-aged gentlemen andsedate matrons of the land, who have sons and daughtersto bring up, will see fit to cooperate with theYoung Men's Association in the application of theirukase upon an art which, properly followed, engraftsupon the boorish youth the manners of a gentleman,and dispels before the young maiden's eye that delulivehaze of bashfulness which is so liable to despoilher prospects and her usefulness—an art that gives toits proficient that grace, confidence and abandon which,as on other similar occasions, are the chiefest charm ofthose sewing parties and pastoral soirees to which themembers of Young Men's Christian Associations areso partial—whether the sager counsels of the churchmilitant will decide to give up an accomplishment sopregnant with good results, remains to be seen. abandon soirees If the young men mean only to affirm that some incidentalsof the dance are pernicious—that tight lacing,gossamer robes for wintry evenings, lascivious neckeddresses, midnight orgies, unventilated halls and prodigalexpendure are worthy of condemnation, the commonsense of the rational public is with them. Buttheir ingenuity is not equal to the task of maintainingthat to step in accord with strains of music on thepavement or the mall is innocent, but to do the samething on a carpeted or polished floor is sin—that motionin a right line or at an angle is of divine appointment,but motion in curves and circles is of oppositeorigin. 2. With the merits of the question respecting cards,it is more difficult to deal with requisite brevity, andno shuffling argument is admissible; therefore, sufficeit to say, that the delinquency of that pater familiaswho persists in the indulgence of fireside loo with hisboys, while wife and daughters are busy at the churchraffle, or selling lottery tickets at the sanitary fair, isworthy of indictment at the dread tribunal of aCaudle lecture pater familias 8. The third na sin in this new and as yet untabulatedseries of commandments is theatre going—the immorality of which practice is of a very vagueand indescribable character. Many welt-meant butwitless distribes against it have been written andprinted with as little perceptible effect as  "Snow- falling in a river,One moment white, then gone forever"—   and he must be a veritable Don Quixotic who, at thislate day, would attempt that crusade. A pamphlet of this sort appeared some years sincefrom the p of, no doubt, a benevolently disposedlady, who copied its title from the door-posts or passageway of a theatre—"The way to the pit"—which,by inference, analogy and Scripture, she construed tomean the bottomless  Had she inquired of thelads as to the terminus of the adjacent passage, shewould have found that it led to the (negro) heaven;and thereupon, with an equal logic, might have drawna more hopeful augury.  Precision avoided in these accusationsupon the theatre, and with reason. Are doubtful phraseology and subtle inuendoes liableto appear in the language of the stage, promptingindelicate thoughts and imaginings? What, than, ofgeneral literature, and ancient and classic, profane orother tongues? Do the exigencies of the drama sometimes compelthe actors to an immodest dishabille or unladylikeposture! What, then, of painting, statuary and photography,which are not yet in the index expurgatoriusof sinful entertainment? Does the theatre invite to unwholesome hours or tothe neglect of fireside privileges! What, than, dochoral soirees and protracted meetings? Does the theatre attract the low and the vile? Whatclass is also the invariable accompaniment of campmeetings! Viewed from another point who shall pwhere the activity of the dramatic element in man'snature lap from innocency into sin? Where is thepoint of prohibition between the lad's attempt in swordand  to  his grandfather for family or the m participation in school and the p of Pwho having assumed the role of creation return it to again in k of solemn import not the dignity of holy writ:—          role    "Our  now As I  were all spirits andAre  into the And like the  of this The The  al which And                        comings and , but never accredited withany excellencies.   The world has just done celebrating the three hundredthanniversary of the birth of Shakespeare; andno doubt the sixth hundredth will be observed withequal or greater . Meanwhile, all nations andclasses will continue to draw moral and intellectualnourishment from his pages; the thorns of dramaticliterature will not fail to produce the grapes of wisdomand the wine of inspiration; and the thirties oftheatrical display will hear their sweet but medicinalfruitage. .  It is surprising that the "divine opera" did notcome in for a share in these objurgations. Did the increasingindebtedness of our church quartettes to themethods and style of that institution  a conscientioustwinge, or did a vivid remembrance of therapturous warblinge of Kellogg, of Phillippi or Patti,pose through the mind of the  complier,and bid him refrain?   The last named moium in as is . moium in as  If the young men really meant what their languagesignifies, this is indeed taking a dangerous  by thehorns, and worthy of all praise.  But a skepticism arises in the mind, whether it isnot, after all, the now stale performance of the son oftotal abstinence, braying about in the skin of the lionvirtues temperance. Yoked to the heavy burden of national taxation, theaforesaid bovine has become a less fearful creature thanformerly, yet will bear watching. It may be among the grim possibilities of war, thatthe country, as is now the case with the Virginia portionof it, shall become a desolation, and here as therethe fathers and sons, absent, living, or dead amongthe battle-fields—the mothers of the land shall stand bythe hearthstone, emblematically at least, baking cornmealupon the blade of a hoe, to be partaken with condimentaldraughts of the aqua pure from a primitivedrinking horn. aqua pure Then will Graham and  be entitled to theapotheosis.  Meantime, America expects a more generous diet;and if the ingenuity of these young men can devisesome method of bringing the ale of England and thewine of France—the cheap and wholesome beveragesupon which those people thrive —within therange of everybody's purse, it will be a work of philanthropiceconomy worthy of Poor Richard.  Of old, the sons of men came eating and drinking,and the cynical and censorious exclaimed, "Behold thegluttonous and the wine-bibbers!" But now, as then,the sterling virtues, like sterling gold, pass at theiruniversal value; and in that fellowship temperancestands among the first. Leaving specific topics, the young men next branchout into generalities, and offer these two glitteringspeciemens—"Woe unto those who are at ease in Zion;"and "Ye cannot serve God and Mammon." Under this first Jeremiad, two questions seem pertinent:—"What is ease? and, Where is Zion?" Perhaps the domains of Zion are co-extensive withthe reputed authority of a Son-of-Temperance pledge,and cease at high-water mark, so that people who goon steamboat excursions to partake of civic feasts donot come under the imprecation of the text. Possiblyso many of the participants paid their devoirs to Neptunein the form of sea sickness on the occasion referredto, losing relish both for aquatic and gustatoryopportunities, that, for that reason, that trip could notwith propriety be included under the caption of "casein Zion." devoirs But the unchurched portion of the community mightpersist in the unkind inquiry—What means this arrayof luxurious carriages and caparisoned steeds, drawnup before our most orthodox church doors on thesebeautiful first-day mornings? What mean theserustling silks, flowing plumes, sparkling jewels, carpetedaisles, cushioned pews, and epicurean Sundaydinners? If these be not within its limits and authority, thenZion must be a myth. In these modern days of commercial mania—of respectability,as Carlyle has it, based upon the "ownershipof a gig," and of aristocratic worship—respectingthe ancient feud existing between God and Mammon,it were best to deal gingerly; and the quoted passage,like that about the camel and the needle, should beread with bated breath and careful exegesis. Webster gives Mammon as "riches, or the god ofriches"; and how Mammon is peculiarly served indancing, card-playing, theatre-going, and intoxication,is of doubtful interpretation. A more effectual service is evidently rendered thatevil genius by fulfilling government contracts withshoddy manufacturers—by inveigling drunken sailorsand soldiers into the service, and pocketing theirbounty money—by rejuvenating the once steeped coffeegrounds of our armies, and repacking them for asecond requisition—by forming rings and cabals to underbuyat prize auctions, and thus at the same timeplunder the pocket of the brave sailors, and the treasuryof the people, by a new method of "light-fingering"—by selling to a nation struggling for existenceany indispensable articles at ungodly prices—by evasiveoaths in regard to the income tax—by forestallingand speculation in the prime necessities of life—by outHeroding the descendants of Herod's liege subjects, inbids at the gold exchange, or by selling munitions ofwar to the rebels—a portion of the profits of whichtransactions oftentimes creeps very piously into contributionboxes, and the coffers of Young Men's ChristianAssociations. These manifold Christians Associations have evidentlya great work before them, that will require alltheir youthful energies; for the day seems to be yetfar distant, when the chief besetting sin of professingChristians shall not be to "Compound for sins they are inclined to,By damning those they have no mind to;"  and when what is claimed as Christianity par excellence,shall consist less in arrogant or hypocritical pretensionto unworldliness, than "to do justly, to lovemercy, and to walk humbly." NATHAN. par excellence ATHAN. 

 SPRINGFIELD, Vt., May 14, 1864. PRINGFIELD MR. EDITOR:—In a former communication, I institutedcertain inquiries, with a request that you orsome of your correspondents should reply, with apromise which I no more than half regret that, ifnone appeared, I would attempt a reply myself. Asthe word and promise have gone forth, I must, thoughreluctantly, attempt a reply, with little expectation ofeven satisfying my own mind, and much less that ofothers. R. DITOR The first inquiry was, in substance—If the President'sProclamation of Amnesty is carried out, andone, two, or all of the rebel States should avail themselvesof it, what is to become of "three fifths of allothers persons"? As the Proclamation is silent uponthe subject, except that they shall not be sold as slaves,and as all their rights are guaranteed the rebels, I seenot why they may not strip every negro as naked ashe was born, deprive him of every right common toa citizen, and virtually make his condition, as to presentwants, worse than while in slavery; with no voteor voice in any thing that concerns his own or hisfamily's welfare, of which the government has alreadyset the infamous example, and under "Staterights" deprive him of as education, the use of arms—in fine, reduce him to the lowest condition ofa serf. Are these oath-purified rebels to still sendtwenty-five or thirty representatives to Congress, extra,on account of "all other persons"? Certainly.The  makes no reserve. The Presidenthas power to create a State, and turn it over to thecontrol of men, compared with whom the  ofthe world's  would be angels, but is as as a Seamen  of his seven looks to givethe right of  to the ever hold, or  them in the  of right whatever.  power! and as  be of !                With the rebels restored to their old status, andwith the aid of the Copperheads to the control of thegovernment, if they should prefer the old dispensationto the new, and, as far as possible, undo all that hasbeen done in the cause of emancipation, what then?Why, the North must succumb, as it always hasdone, after a little bluster and a few strong resolutionswith no resolution in them, or inaugurate another civilwar. The government has now the golden opportunity,the power and the right, m constants and foreverbreak up that anti-republican system of great plantations,and divide them up between the rightful owners.Until this or something of the kind takes place, a fewlords of the soil will control everything, and ninety-ninehundredths of the people will be mere scofs,though nominally free. Even new, the system adoptedby Gen. Banks is but one step better than slavery.If reports be true, the colored own near Hew Orleanshave only changed masters. Injustice, as thoughheaven and earth conspired against them, is still theirtot. All the wars that ever desolated the earth havehad their origin in injustice; and almost all the feuds,litigations and private quarrels originate from the samecause,—injustice. old The doctors pronounced abolition dead a quarter ofa century ago. The same doctors now decide that slaveryis dead. It seems to me the doctors are eitherall demented or all fools. And God grant that theformer have live to attend the funeral obsequies of thelatter, and write its epitaph, "Died by the hand ofviolence between two hostile parties pledged, one tokeep it alive, the other to let it atone." In his very singular letter to Mr. Hodges, the Presidenttells us "be was driven to she alternative of surrenderingthe Union, and with it the Constitution, orlaying a strong hand upon the colored element" Notthe shadow of a shade of justice, mercy or sympathyfor the colored man in his bondage is discernablein this; and how the Constitution was to be lost,in case the rebels established their independence, ispast my comprehension; or even if it was lost, itwould be strange indeed if, in a population of twentymillions, twenty men could not be found wise enoughto patch up another, and honest enough to leave outthe clause, "three-fifths of all other persons, "and notplant the seeds of an incipient rebellion. When I witness the Amnesty folly and Colonizationfizzle of the President, and all the acts of Congress, ineffect ignoring the rights of the colored man, evenwhile they claim his aid, my heart sinks within me,and I almost despair of seeing, in my day, anythinglike equal and exact justice meted out to all. Injustice!Injustice! This is the "Rock" on which everynation split that ever rose, or reigned, or fell; and todaythere is more to fear from the Bramlettes, the shoddyRepublicans, and the damnable black laws and stillblacker hearts of some of the free States, than fromrebel steel. May God save the nation by sending us aPathfinder, who, like Joshua, will hang the Achans,and lead the people, white and black, through the wildernesswhile their enemies perish in the rear, is theearnest prayer of your humble servant, JESSE STEDMAN. 

 MIDDLE GRANVILLE, (N.Y.) June 12, 1864. IDDLE RANVILLE DEAR GARRISON—I am in a Convention of theFriends of Progress, a large gathering of earnest, enlightenedand enlarged souls. The following resolutionsare before the Convention, and are being earnestlyand thoroughly discussed in all their practical bearings. EAR ARRISON Whereas, man has no power to create or annulmoral obligations; therefore, Resolved, That whatever it is right to do with alicense or commission from human governments, it isright to do without it; and, therefore, man should nevertake an office in Church or State which requires himto do that as an officer which it would be wrong forhim to do as a man. with without officer Resolved, That whatever is unjust, mean and degradingin an individual, acting by and for himself,and on his personal responsibility, is unjust, mean anddegrading, when done by a man acting for others astheir agent. Resolved, That what is theft, robbery and murder,in one man, acting alone, is the same when done bymillions when acting together as a church, a State, ora nation, Resolved, That human governments, in their principlesand practices, are to be judged by the samestandard by which we estimate the notions and characterof individual men and women. Resolved, That man's natural demands are God'sonly commands; and all we need to know and to do tobe saved Is to know the demands of our nature, andhealthfully to supply them. natural only Resolved, That whether in or out of the body, weshall find what we carry, and what we desire; therefore,if we would be in heaven, we must carry withus a consciousness of deserving it, and cease to trustto that wide-spread but fatal delusion, that heaven canbe our portion because of what some other being hasdone. Resolved, That he who gives, in any relation, whathe is unwilling to take, is a self-convicted evil-doer, andshould be so regarded and treated by all around him. Resolved, That we should receive nothing as truein principle, or right in practice or power, outside ofour own convictions, but ever remain true to our ownconvictions, regardless of consequences to ourselves orto others. outside Resolved, That it is woman's most sacred rightto decide for herself when she shall assume the responsibilitiesand be subjected to the sufferings of maternity;and man's home will be his heaven, and hischildren the crown of his glory, in proportion as hesacredly respects this right. Resolved, That war is constantly causing sufferingsof the most terrible character, destroying millions ofhuman beings, laying waste billions of property; andis in direct opposition to the purest and noblest teachingsof human nature, and to the precepts and exampleof Jesus, whom all Christians profess to follow;therefore we cannot not in accordance with love andforgiveness, and good for evil, and take part in settlinginter-individual or inter-national strifes by anappeal to arms and blood. Resolved, That we regard slavery as "the sum ofall villany," and it is our sacred duty to seek its abolitionand prohibition by such means as each shall deemright and most efficient. Resolved, That we regard the Rebellion as an effortto destroy freedom and free labor, and to establish,in all the nation and the continent, slavery andslave labor; and it is the sacred duty of all to put itdown by such means as each shall deem it right andexpedient to use. Resolved, That, including body and soul, health isheaven, and disease is hell; and the only way to shunhell and win heaven is to throw off our diseases, ofbody and spirit, and secure to ourselves healthy soulsin healthy bodies. The subjects presented by these resolutions—so faras time would allow—have been earnestly and intelligentlyconsidered. That States and nations may innocentlydo what would be the greatest of crimes isone acting alone; that men acting under civil or militarylicense or commissions may rightfully do whatis regarded as theft, robbery, murder and piracy in aman acting without such license or commission; thatmen acting as churches and governments are empoweredby God to create, destroy, alter and reversemoral distinctions, moral obligations, and moral dutiesat their discretion; those, and kindred  arebeing  in this Convention; and as fast as mencut loose from the tyranny of outward authority, andfall back on the  of their own souls,  will be  by the and  of everyhuman being.         What shall we do to be  We have an "— The God is—(1.) Understand the demands of your nature.(2) Healthfully and naturally supply those demands,and then you will W oil yea are capable of bring, andall Gods intends or wishes you to be. He to most faithfulGod who to Moot faithful himself. He walksmost truly with God who walks most truly with himselfsad his fellow-brings. The tree Bible, the real,infallible Word of God, to organized into the body andsoul of each human being. What shall we do to be       HENRY C. WRIGHT. 

 BALTIMORE, June 8. ALTIMORE The National Union Convention has just adjourned,and before this letter to written, much before itreaches the eye of its readers, the telegraph has recordedits proceedings and borne them rate everyport of the country. It would task the power ofelectricity to convey any idea of the marvellous enthusiasm,of the white heat of patriotism, whichhas pervaded the Convention, and controlled its action.Where so great a unanimity prevailed, on allessential points, it might have been expected thatthe current would have been calm, because unbroken;but the harmony in principle and on the leadingcandidate, complete as it was, found expressionon every fitting occasion in the strongest manner,in word and gesture and concerted action. The name of Mr. Lincoln was greeted with a fervorpartaking of personal affection as wall as of admirationfor public services. Oat of that body ofmore than five hundred men, not one wiled to recognizethe fidelity, the ability, the pare patriotismand unswerving devotion to freedom of the President,and to regard him as providentially raised upfor the arduous duties he has been called upon toperform. These men came from all parts of thecountry, from the extreme of Maine to the extremeof Oregon. Many of them, like Rev. Dr. Breckinridgeof Kentucky, and Korea of others, have nopolitical aspirations. They represent every class inthe community, and every shade of old politicalsentiment. All of them favored the re-nominationand re-election of Mr. Lincoln as a great nationalduty. They discriminated in their approval of hisaction. They were thinking men, and in the earnestnessof their commendation they did not hesitateto say that the history of the past three yearcontained passages that might now in the light ofevents transpired, be modified with advantage.But as a whole, and regarded in connection withthe danger* from which we have been saved, theadministration of Mr. Lincoln commands heartyapproval. The President has certainly won a vantageground of experience, and secured a degree ofpopular confidence from his fidelity and devotion,which render him preeminently fitted to lead inthe further prosecution of the war and in the restorationof the Union. Partly for what be has done,for kit calm and steady championship of freedom,and even more for the proofs he has given of hiseminent fitness for the work yet to be done, for hitapt new in embodying the popular will in executiveaction, for hit sagacity in understanding, his readywit in meeting, and his wisdom in overcoming thegreatest difficulties that ever confronted human ruler,Mr. Lincoln has received a renomination under circumstancesmore nattering than ever before surroundeda President at the closc of his term. Thevote in Convention was not by acclamation, for thatmight seem to have denied opportunity for a negativeexpression. The States were called in order,and every delegate, saving only those from Missouri,on the first call pronounced for Mr. Lincoln; and atonce Missouri joined in the vote, and every one offive hundred and twenty-nine delegates was recordedfor the true and tried patriot. The scene that followed beggars description.The Convention arose in a body, and hats and handkerchiefswere waved, and cheers rung loud andlong. The galleries vied with the body of the hallin enthusiasm. Ladies waved handkerchiefs, andmen clapped their hands. As the cheers belowceased, those above were renewed; as those aboveceased, those below swelled out asain; then bothjoined in a grand chorus. Thus  repeated,time and again, their antiphonal harmonies. Theband in the galleries played the national airs, andthe bands and hats, and handkerchief swayed intime with Yankee Doodle, as if the large edificeand all it contained were instinct and alive with themelody of patriotism. I have seen many demonstrationsof popular enthusiasm, but they all seemtame in comparison with this magnificent outburstof feeling and nationality.  This followed, in the order of time, the adoptionof the resolutions. Every word of that platformrings like a clarion. There is no hesitation in it, nodouble-dealing. The Convention was in favor ofone, free Republic, and said so. It was determinedto crush out rebellion, at whatever cost, and itsaid so. It lifted high and clear the standard offree, united, American Nationally. The reading ofthe resolutions was punctuated with applause. Approvalof the platform contributed to the warmthof the demonstration with which Mr. Lincoln's renominationwas greeted. On the rock of freedomwas placed its chosen champion. The majesty ofthe nation renewed and restored to fresh might andpower was represented in the man and his position.And this it was that gave such fire, such nobility, tothe grand outburst of seal and determination.—Corr. Utica Morning Herald. Corr. Utica Morning Herald. 

 The friends of the late Hon. Owen Lovejoy proposeto erect a monument to his memory, in Princeton,III., where be bad so long resided, and where hecame at last to enjoy so much respect and love. Ata meeting of what it called the "Owen LovejoyMonument Association," held at Princeton on the1st inst, measures were taken to raise funds necessaryto erect a monument that shall at once expressthe worth of the man and the appreciation in whichhis memory is held by his neighbors and by all loversof liberty and justice throughout the country. Notless than $50,000, it is thought, will be necessary;and two-thirds of this ram, it is said, can be raisedin Mr. Lovejoy's Congressional District. The followingaddress was delivered at this meeting by Mr.Bryant, of New York. "Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen: Afterwhat has been said in your bearing, and so admirablysaid, with so much feeling and with so much eloquence,I can hardly expect that this audience willlisten with patience to anything I am about to say.I shall therefore say very little. I know not, myfriends, what form this project to erect a monumentto the memory of Owen Lovejoy may take, in whatmaterial it may be wrought, or how in design maybe fashioned. Bet let me express the hope that thecontributions will be large enough and liberalenough to allow you to erect in this beautiful neighborhood—where Owen Lovejoy settled long ago, andwhere he labored to long and so effectually to formand purify public opinion—a suitable monument, inever-during bronze, a material so indestructible thatan image formed by Tubal Cain himself, the world'searliest artificer in brass and iron, might have lastedundecayed to the present time.(Cheers.) In thisdurable material, I would hope that sculpture mightexert the utmost efforts in representing his features,and impressing upon them their grand expression ofhigh resolution, undaunted courage, and unflinchingperseverance. (Load cheers.) And then, my friends,an inhabitant of Princeton, standing near it andpointing it out to a stranger, might say to him,"That monument was erected to the memory of onewho was a champion of the cause of universal libertyin that time past when the cause of universalliberty was feeble and despised. Behold how the handthat framed him stamped upon his mauly brow thezeal of a rigorous naiad, an undaunted heart and unshakenconstancy! He saw his brother, a previouschampion in that noble cause, struck down and murderedbefore his eyes; and at that very moment, onthat very spot, he devoted himself to the cause ofuniversal freedom; to that cause he gave the laborsof his life, to that the labors of his life were devoted,and to it his life was at last sacrificed. He knowthat he should encounter scorn, obloguy, oppsition.He feared them not He met them; be defied them;be overcame them. He outlived the scorn; he liveddown the obloquy; he fought down the opposition.He saw the great cause in which he was engaged onthe eve of a glorious triumph. Before he died be is—met to  saw the promised land, at a distanes. it at his very feet. He saw is soJohnson the land of  when he caused theriver  from the thirsty regions of Moah, andplanted his steps on a soil fresh with the  and of heaven." Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen        The if the person whom I imagines to speak werein the habit of drawing broad conclusions from particularinstances, and deducing solemn and sublimemoralities from the practical aspect of things, hemight go on to say: 'Let no man who looks at this monument ever bediscouraged in a good cause. Let him first satisfyhis conscience as to the merits of has cause, its truth,its righteousness, its humanity. Let him satisfy himselfthat he is in the line of his duty, and then letthat he is approved of his God, that his labor withcrowned with success, that his cause will finally triumph.doomed by a necessity of its nature to yield to dissolution.But good is permanent, deathless, eternal,destined to prevail over all oppression, and sure ofa glorious triumph; for God is with it.' There is a portion of the liturgy of the Episocpalchurch which has always seemed to me exceedinglybeautiful and affecting. It is that in which the shippers give thanks to Almighty God for the livesof those who have labored or suffered for the truth,and have passed away, leaving worthy and shiningexamples of self-sacrifice and of goodness for the imitationof mankind. A monument like the one ofsome I have spoken erected in the neighborhood, inperpetual acknowledgment of public gratitude to theAuthor of all good, that such a man as Owen Lovejoylived, that such a citizen was given to this country.(Loud and prolonged cheers)." 

 The Princeton Republican, (Ill.,) for the currentweek, is nearly filled with the report of the proceedingsand speeches of the recent meeting is that townto inaugurate an Owen Lovejoy Monument Association.Among the numerous letter read on the occasioncasino was the following from the President: Republican EXECUTIVE MANSION, WASHINGTON,May 80, 1864. XECUTIVE ANSION ASHINGTON Hon. John H. Bryant: Hon. John H. Bryant MY DEAR SIR:— Yours of the 14th inst.,enclosing a card of invitation to a preliminary meetingcontemplating the erection of a monument to thememory of Hon. Owen Lovejoy, was duly received.As you anticipate, it will be out of my power to attend.Many of you have known Mr. Lovejoy longerthan I have, and are better able than I to do hismemory justice. My personal acquaintance withhim commenced only about ten years age, sincewhen it has been quite intimate; and every step init has been one of increasing respect and esteem,part. It can be truly said of him that while he waspersonally ambitious, be bravely endured the which the unpopularity of his principles momentand never accepted official honors until those honorswere ready to admit his principles with him.Through my heavy and perplexing responsibilitieshere, to the day of his death, it would scarcelywrong any other to say, he was my most generousfriend. Let him have the marble monument, alongwith the well-assured and more enduring one is thehearts of those who love liberty unselfishly for ofmen. Yours, truly, A. LINCOLS. Y EAR IR  INCOLS. 

 A Union mass meeting was recently held at Nashville,at which Governor Johnson was the principalspeaker. We find the following report in the —Times: Times The appearance of Governor Johnson on the stepsof the St. Cloud Hotel was greeted by the vastcrowd with loud applause. All were anxious to beenand see the next Vice President of the U. States. After thanking the assembly for the complimentthey had bestowed on him, and a few other preliminary remarks, Governor Johnson proceeded to mythat we are engaged in a great struggle for havegovernment, in the proper acceptation of the term. I know there are those here who profess to feel acontempt for me, and I, on the other hand. feel mysuperiority to them. I have always understood thanthere is a sort of exclusive aristocracy about Nashville,which affects to contemn all who are not within its little circle. Let them enjoy there opinions. Ihave heard it said that "Worth makes to man, and want of it the follower." This aristocracy has been the bane of the slaveStates, nor has the North been wholly free from acurse. It is a class which I have always forced to respectme, for I have ever set it at defiance. Thenaspect of the honest, intelligent and industrious class,I have endeavored to win by my conduct as a man.One of the chief elements of this rebellion is theopposition of the slave aristocracy to being ruled bymen who have risen from the ranks of the people.This aristocracy hated Mr. Lincoln, because be useof humble origin, a rail-splitter in early life. One ofthem, the private Secretary of Howell Cobb. and tome one day, after a long conversation, "We peopleof the South will not submit to be governed by aman who has come up from the ranks of the commonpeople, as Abe Lincoln has." He uttered theessential feeling and spirit of this Southern rebellion.Now, it has just occurred to me, if this aristocracyis so violently opposed to being governed by Mr.Lincoln, what in the name of conscience will it bewith Lincoln and Johnson? (Great laughter.) I rejectwith scorn this whole idea of an arrogant aristocracy.I believe that man is capable of self-government,irrespective of his outward circumstances,and whether he be a laborer, a shoemaker, a tailor,or a grocer, The question is whether men is capableof self-government. I hold with Jefferson, thatgovernment was made for the convenience of man,and not man for the government. That law andconstitutions were designed as mere instruments topromote his welfare. And hence, from this principleI conclude that government can and ought tobe changed and amended to conform to the wants,to the requirements and progress of the people. andthe enlightened spirit of the age. (Loud applause)Now, if any of you secessionist have lost such aman's capability of self-government, and feel unfitfor the exercise of this great right, go strangle torebeldom, take Jeff. Davis, Beauregard and Braggfor your masters, and put their collars on your necks. 

 An officer on the United States Steamer Yankee,at Fredericksburg, graphically depicts the scenesabout him in a letter to his friends in this city, datedMay 23d. We extract:— "You see by my heading where I am, but yourimagination cannot picture to you the horrors of thisplace; nor can my pen describe the scenes whichhere meet the eye. Picture to yourself a river, onwhose surface, floated by the doson, charges, who,like their riders, had met death; here and there isdead soldier lodged by the bank, who was foundthither, to be reported in that long list of 'missing.'two bridges ruined, two steamer sunk, and docksrun over with grass, show the desolation that reigns;while two pontoons, side by side, are busily employed,one to bear up the stream of hale. hearty men goingto reinforce Grant, the other to bear the burden ofmangled humanity going to reinforce that throng ofwitnesses, now so numerous in the hospitals and athe land of spirits, who cry out against the conspirators,'guilty, guilty, guilty.' You enter the town,once evidently beautiful, now inexpressionly agly andhideous—on every side of you are the marks of war;every building is riddled by shot, some of them renderedtotally uninhabitable: yonder litter contains a dead body, this one a dying soldier. There is oneborne to struggle with death; God grant him a victory.Here is one that will live, a shattered hulk;God grant him patience. There lie two dead bodiesyonder a couple of legs, here two fingers, only a fewsteps beyond, an arm. Every building in acceptedIs it a store? See the counters. the lower tiers ofshelves, and the floors covered with wounded. Is ita church? Pews are ripped out and the whole flouris one vast altar, on which the sacrifices are hadwhich have been offered up to our country. Is it ahotel? A multitude of guests are there. Oh'. sheheart bleeds of see the poor fellows, in whose welfarewe all take so deep an interest, as they lie welteringunder a hot sun, suffocating in a stiffing atmosphereimpregnated with the stench from their wounds; somedying, others struggling hard for life, all lying on cotswhich to them, just from the field, seem luxurious,but to you at home would seem too hard, too poor tokeep in your prisons—on which you in perfect healthwould scarcely trust yourself for a night's rest. Ofyou who have given of your abundances to the SanitaryCommission, bless God that you have; and youwho have not, delay no longer to do so! The Sanitaryand Christian Commissions are the two redeeminginstitutions of the town; the surgeon do all theycan, but they are so busy." 

