 ☞ Three negroes have been shot by returnedrebel soldiers within a month at Alexandrin. 

 MEMORIAL STONE TO THEDORE PARKER. TheodoreParker was born in Lexington, on a farm whichhad been in the Parker family for an hundred and fiftyyears, and is still owned by his only surviving brother,Issac Parker. The house in which, as he says, in hisautobiography," on the 24th of August, 1810, earlyon a hot, swelling morning, I came into this worldof joy and sorrows," was long ago removed, and onea little more modem built within n few feet of the oldone. EMORIAL TONE HEDORE ARKER. Daring the past week, Mr. John R. Manley, the"indefatigable" clerk of the Twenty-eighth CongregationalSociety of Boston for many years, the faithfulfriend of Mr. Parker during his life, and one of theexecutors of his will alter his decease, placed a memorial-stoneon the site of the old house, to indicate thebirth-place of Mr. Parker, and as a testimonial of thereservation in which he holds his memory. The stone is of light. Concord granite, finished onall mom, three feet square, three and a-half feet high,and resting on a base four feet square and one foothigh. On the front face, in raised letters, is the simpleinscription: 1810. The monument is highly creditable to the GraniteCompany by whom it was wrought—a fine specimenof one of the principal products of New England; andthere it no reason why it may not endure for n thousandyears, when the memory of the common men ofthis age shall have been forgotten. It was furnishedby the "Granite Railway Company." The Parker farm is on Spring street, Lexington,near the Waltham boundary line, and on the rood betweenthose two towns, distant about two miles fromthe centre of each. 

 ☞ TERMS—Three dollars per annum, in advance. ☞ Four copies will be sent to one address for TWELVEDOLLARS, if payment is made in advance. ☞ All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent. ☞ Advertisements of a square and over inserted three at ten cents per line; less than a square, $1.50 for three insertions. Yearly and half yearly advertisementsinserted on reasonable terms.   ☞ The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞ The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee but are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz:— WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, EJACKSON, and WILLAM L. GARRISON, JR. ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY   ACKSON ILLAM ARRISON R. 

 This organization has been called into existence byan obvious necessity. Its primary purposes is to simplifyand give national unity to the operations comprehensivelyknown m the Freedman's Aid Movement Co-extensive with Mm country, It Includes to itscomposition all the State Freedmen's Associationalready established. and their auxiliaries, with previsionfar the addition of such other as may hereafterbe formed. Its ultimate object to indicated by its name—Freedom's Aid Commission. It is la aid the newly-liberatedblacks to overcome the difficulties oftheir new position; to assist them to the trials oftheir tradition state; to help (in composing with theGovernment's Bureau) to place them is a condition towhich farther help shall not he needed. Freedom's Aid state The measures on which it depends tar the accomplishmentof its object are chiefly the provision ofmaterial supplies for the relief of extreme physicalwant, and the maintenance service of competentteachers to give instruction is rudimentary learning. For the purpose of procuring these supplies andsupporting these teachers; of purchasing the booksslates, stationery and other accompaniments neededis the work of instruction; the Commission reliesupon the liberality and patriotism of the Americanpeople. The adequacy of the measures described to the endproposed has been adamantly proven. The elevatingeffect of the Freedmen's School. whereverestablished, has been Immediate and palpable. Its indirectinfluence upon the people around has beenquits as striking as its direct action upon its immediatepupils. The lessons of the school are repeated inthe cabin ; the effect upon the cabin reacts upon theschool; and thus the two, by their mutual action andreaction, improve and elevate each other—to the benefitof all concerned. In proof of this, and illustration as well, we refer tothe history and recalls of every Freedmen's establishmentis the Southern States. In South Carolina, where the work was first began,and where its subjects were among the least promising,the retails have been each as to convince themost skeptical. Herds of human chattels, impelledby force, have been convened into communities ofhuman brings, regulated by law. Tea thousand ignorantblacks, degraded to the lowest point within thepower of slavery, have been lifted up to a conditionof comparative intelligence. These now constitutes aself-supporting, law-abiding, wealth-producing community;and one more orderly, or better behaved, maynot easily be found. While the able-bodied amongthem have helped to fight oar battles in the field,others, not fit for military duty, have raised food andforage for the army; the children, meanwhile, beingIn the schools, fitting themselves for the graver responsibilitiesyet in reserve for them. Receiving wages for their labor, many of these peoplehave acquired property, and some of them comparativewealth. A few have become planters ontheir own account. A Freedman's Bank baa beenestablished in Bean fort, is which, on the first of July,six months after it was started, upwards of $150,000were placed on deposit by men who bat a little whileago were plantation slaves. It is noticeable—as wasto be expected—that is proportion as these freedmenrise in the scale of civilization, they acquire Its wants.As slaves, their needs were comprised is a few rudearticles, absolutely necessary to maintain existence.Now they are Indefinitely extended by the opportunitiesand desires which are famished and stimulatedby freedom. Stores have been established among them byNorthern capital, at which goods are sold, amounting,in the course of the year, to hundreds of thousandsof dollars. A single one of these stores, establishedby a gentleman is Boston for the benefit of n singleneighborhood, sold goods is the last year amounting$90,000. What hat been said of the Freedmen's enterprisein South Carolina may be asserted with equal truthof every other similar undertaking in the SouthernStates. In a late authenticated report from the Freedmen'sBureau, it is stated that " in Mississippi, nearly10,000 acres of land are being worked exclusively byfreedmen on their own account. At Davis's Bend,the families are organized into a laboring community,with an allotted portion of land for each. They haveestablished courts for themselves, choosing the officersat large; and the decisions of the judge have beencarried into effect by the superintendent of the colony.The plan has worked well, and the people take greatinterest is their elections. They choose their bestmen; and they have recently elected a school boardto serve six months. Their Industry has been stimulatedby their own ambition, without the control ofwhite men, or threat of punishment. Physicians whopractice among them receive their pay as amongwhiten. The shopkeepers are colored. The Governmentrations are being repaid by crops. It is not claimed that all the improvement noticeablein the condition of Southern blacks is due to theFreedmen's Aid Associations. The necessities, theopportunities, the sufferings, even, Incidental to thecondition of freedom, have been tare allies is thework of education. Nor would we derogate from the credit due to theFreedmen's Bureau for much of the progress thathas lately been made is this good work. On thecontrary, we join heartily is the testimony generallyborne to the usefulness of this department of theGovernment, and are ready to do what we can tostrengthen the hands of the gentleman who is at itshead. But that we do not over estimate the efficacyof our own Instrumentalities, we have that gentleman'semphatic testimony. In a recent published letter,addressed to this Commission, he says: "Educationunderlies every hops of success for the freedmen.Everything depends on the youth and the childrenbeing thoroughly instructed to every industrial pursuit.Through education, embracing moral and religioustraining, the fearful prejudges and hostilityagainst the blacks can be overcome. They themselveswill be able to demand and receive bath privilegesand rights that we now have difficulty to guarantee.Therefore, I earnestly entreat benevolent associationsto leave as stone unturned la give them theopportunities for gaining knowledge." In dwelling at such length upon (he Importance ofeducation, we would not be understood as depreciatingthe necessity of physical relief. Bach relief, for alittle while, at least. Is Imperatively called for. Theperiod of transition from Shivery to Freedom Is, underany circumstances, embarrassed with difficulties; batwhen it occurs amid the desolation of war, and withpeople despised and hated, the difficulties must ofnecessity be greatly aggravated. The coming winter threatens to bring upon thefreedmen extreme suffering. Added la the manyother causes of this, is the restoration to their formerowners of abandoned lands ad confiscated estates.This will deprive thousands of confiding loyal peopleof homer, and of the fruits of their industry, onwhich they were depending for support. A condition of things such as this makes appealsto the humanity and sense of justice of the people,which cannot be allowed to go unheeded Thesepeople mast be helped is their trying hour, blackof this help must coma from the North. It is thework left to us from the war. It is necessary la orderto restore to the blacks and whites, and to the holecountry, the full blessings of emancipation. It is asure step to the way of reconstruction. It is essentialto the proper reconstruction—civil, social andindividual—of Southern society, and to the interestsand honor of the nation. All classes of people are interested in the successof this work, and we invoke the ant of all. We callupon the minister of religion to present its civisms tothe people, and upon the churches to contribute liberallyto its support. We call upon the editors ofnewspapers—religious or secular, literary or political—to give is the benefit of their assistance. Asconservators of the public weal, this matter concernsthem intimately. We call upon merchants and manufacturers—upon artisans and capitalists—for theirhearty coöperation: for this is a work which has itswell-defined commercial aspects, not less than its philanthropicattractions. We call upon all classes ofpeople, invoking them by their gratitude for servicesrendered, and their shame for wrongs inflicted, to aidin this great work of humanity and justice. Let it beremembered that these people—slaves by our concurrence—came forward in the nation's trial hour,and by their bravery helped to turn the tide of battlein our favor. Shall we repay such generosity withneglect and indifference? The thought of such basenessis not for a moment to be endured! What hasalready been done in this behalf Forbids any such apprehension. During the past year, one thousand teachers havebeen maintained among the freedmen, giving instructionto 100,000 pupils. Sunday schools, eveningschools and industrial schools have been establishedin addition, while not less than twenty asylums havebeen maintained for the benefit of colored orphans. These are encouraging facts, but they are but thebeginning of what needs to be done. The number ofteachers and schools should be multiplied seven-fold,and the other instrumentalities in proportion; andthat without delay. For the means of doing this welook to the people. No further argument need to beadded. The case once fairly understood and fully appreciated,the desired results will be sure to follow. We cannot suppose that such an opportunity for theadvantageous investment of large same of moneywill escape the attention of the many good men ofample means and generous purposes, who constantlyillustrate the annals of philanthropy with wise and noblebenefactions. Probably in no other direction canthe benevolent now look with just expectations of soprompt and gratifying returns for means invested.The eager seal with which these rapidly rising millionsseize upon every aid to betterment, their unprecedentedand almost incredible desire to be taught alluseful learning, indicate a soil ready for good seed,as soil is rarely ready, and from which no wise husbandmancan well retrain his open hand. Contributions may be addressed to GEORGE C.WARD Treasurer, 56 Wall street, New York. Correspondencemay be addressed to the Secretary, atthe General Office, in Washington. EORGE ARD MATTHEW SIMPSON, President. President. WM. LLOYD GARRISON, First Vice-President. First Vice-President. CHARLES G. HAMMOND,Second Vice-President. Second Vice-President. JACOB R. SHIPHERD, Secretary. Secretary. GEORGE C. WARD, Trasurer. Trasurer. HUGH L. BOND, Pres't Eastern Dep't. Pres't Eastern Dep't. J. MILLER McKIM, Sec'y Eastern Dep't. Sec'y Eastern Dep't. CHARLES P. McILVAINE, Pres. Western Dep't. Pres. Western Dep't. JOHN M. WALDEN, Sec'y Western Dep't. Sec'y Western Dep't. General Office, 444 Fourteenth St., Washington, D.C. 

 The following is an extract form an  letterfrom the  President L to taking strong ground in favor of universal        "You  to know in the event of our complete  in the  the  same being followed by a loyal and of the South if universal should not be  by           Now,  you know my privates  to be what should be granted to the  in the  I will  add that if our  should thatbe  followed by such declared  I can see—if universal  in I am avoid  in  universal at least  on the  of  and militaryservice.                    to better the condition of the colored  has longbeen a  which has  say  and attention; hence I think I  and  as towhat  I shall  in the it is a religion duty as the nation  of people who have so  their on the battle- where in  the life ofthe republic they have  in  their rightto the  which is  the  of the they have so                          

 BRISTOL, England, Oct. 26, 1885. RISTOL TO WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON: O ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON DEAR SIR—I most gladly avail myself of the opportunitypresented by the return of Dr. Gannett tooffer to you, first and chief of all the friends of theoppressed colored race, new no logger slaves, my mosttrue and grateful congratulations on the blessed terminationof your more immediate work. I have not venturedto write to any of my friends in New Englandsince the commencement of that horrible war, becauseI feared that I might say something that would annoythem, without doing any good. I did to believe inthe North, as anti-slavery, nor even Boston; the renditionof Burns and Sims made me certain that theyregarded the Union more than the rights of God'schildren, and so as a people I did not trust them, andheld to your grand doctrine, No Union with Slaveholders!The victory is not yet completely won, and thetried and devoted friends of the colored race will havea long ad difficult work, in closely watching the government,so as to prevent any concession to the powersof evil, and in using every endeavor to help and toraise the colored race. I hope you know me too wellto suppose that I shall ever feel the slightest abatementof interest in the cause, or that I ever have doneso. I never have. EAR IR first chief new watching the government the never And now I fuel the greatest happiness in learningfrom the Report of the Boston Aid Association, that youare all working together; you with Dr. Gannett on thesame Committee. Our Anti-Slavery work is ended; wenow work with you all for the Freedmen. I shall hopeto send over a box of clothes for them every year, andto send annually £5 towards the expense of a teacher,unless we find that we can unite together here tosend a larger sum. Farewell:—may every blessingbe with you and your noble old fellow-workers! I donot knew where they are, but please to convey tothem my warm greeting. you same Freedmen. Yours, most ruly, MARY CARPENTER. 

 The Democratic party has now so NorthernState; the Republican, no Northern adversary.What's day brings forth! The election demonstratedthat the strongest party ever known to Americaspolitics could be crumbled like a great rockinto fine dust. The overthrow is final. And as thePrince of Orange laid his band upon the corpse ofCharles V. and exclaimed, "Dead ? Then let itremain dead!" so be it said of a party that struckat Liberty and destroyed itself! Mouldering in the same grave is the last cowardlyexcuse of the Republican party against lifting thebanner of Equal Rights! For three months past, mild-mannered gentlemenhave accosted us at street corners, saying, "Bewarelest you rend the Republican party.'" To whomwe now reply," Beware lest the Republican partyrend you!" The grandest sign of the times is, thatAmerican liberty is growing stronger than anyAmerican party. Political equality is now no longerproclaimed by only a few voices crying in the wilderness.The finest minds, the warmest hearts, thestoutest wills, chosen from all the nation, are gatheringday by day, like men at a bugle-call, and marshallingthemselves into a Knighthood for the Rightsof Men. This it the party of the future. Its spiritis progress; its creed is justice. It shall expressthe people, and govern the government. Its victorywill not tarry, for its battle will end at noon-day.The man who will not say Equal Rights shall nothave the next presidency. The party that will notrepeat the cry shall not inherit the next administration! you The slave, a man; the man, a citizen; the citizen,a voter! Is this high ground? No. It is the lowest possibleground—the letter A in the alphabet of Democracy.Faintly is a man baptized into the spirit ofAmerican ideas, who does not recognize the principleof Equal Rights as inherent in our institutions,How momentous a practical issue hangs now uponaccepting or resisting this single principle! Fourmillions, citizens of the Republic, am denied thosecivil rights which all the other millions enjoy. Shallthis nation now make to these sufferers a restitutionof their rights, or shall it continue its robbery?This is the pith of the question. What a commentaryon American liberty, that this should be aquestion at all, in such a country, and in such anage! To recognize the sacred rights of human natureought to be as easy as to breathe. Neverthelesshow staggering a labor it is to some Republicans! But if the Republican party refuses to stand forEqual Rights, then for what purpose shall that partycontinue to exist? In years past, political parties have been formedon questions of tariffs, or banks, or internal improvements,or other issues of civil economy. But, inthis generation, no political party can prosper exceptthrough the animating vitality of a moral principle.The Republican party never won a victoryexcept by borrowing strength from the enthusiasmexcited by moral principles. It won its late victoriesnot by reason of its political schedules, but of itsmoral principles—for the platforms in the variousStates only half expressed the convictions of the people.Every orator who addressed a Republicanaudience during the late political campaign bearstestimony that the pulses of the people were everywherefor Equal Rights. When Mr. Beecher sat ina private box of the Brooklyn Academy of Music,at the late stupendous meeting addressed by Loganand Kilpatrick, he witnessed the wholesome spectacleof half his congregation cheering the very oppositeviews which be recently preached at Plymouthchurch. "Resolved," said the Democratic platformof New Jersey, "that we emphatically approvePresident Johnson's policy, and emphatically opposeNegro Suffrage." To which New Jersey respondedat the ballot-box, saying, "Even I a half-repentantsinner, will not discredit myself by an Amen." The former aims of this Republican party areended. Did it advocate the non-extension of Slavery?That was accomplished. Did it advocatethe prosecution of the war? That was accomplished.Did it advocate the Proclamation ofEmancipation? That was accomplished. Did itadvocate the Constitutional Amendment? Thatwas its crowning appeal. All these issues are nowof the past. They do not survive. If now the Republicanparty accepts no new principle, it willhave none at all, if it have none at all, it will perish.Are we the friends, therefore, or the enemies of thatparty, when we warn it against its own destruction? A national party must have a national issue.The next issue before the nation is Equal Rights.The Republican party cannot escape it. If thePresident shall decline it, then Congress must acceptit. If Congress shall decline it, then the next Presidentialcanvass will lay it at every man's door fora verdict. The only present hope of a revival ofDemocratic ascendancy is this: If the rebellionsSlates be speedily readmitted without Equal Suffrage,and if Suffrage become the next Presidentialquestion, the entire South will coalesce with thedying Democracy of the North, and struggle to repossessthe Government. It rests with the Governmentto determine in advance whether the elevenreconstructed States shall, in the next Presidentialdebate, be Democratic or Republican. If the negroesvote in South Carolina, that State will beRepublican; if only their masters vote, it will beDemocratic. Thus the Government may fan againto a flame the old hostility between North andSouth. Is it not folly to suffer such a reconstruction?But is not such a reconstruction inevitable.unless the Republican party make haste to set theDeclaration of Independence back to its originalplace as the center-stone of the Union? In thedays of our fathers, black men voted in every State ofthe Union except South Carolina. Had they thenvoted in South Carolina, there had been now nodisrupted Union, with its two halves quarrellingever the negro. Let it never be forgotten that theConstitution of the United States was ratified by thevotes of black men, as well as of white. If NegroSuffrage was a law respected by our fathers, shall itbe a bugbear feared by their sons? Has modernConnecticut reversed her ancient example? TheGovernment cannot quote Connecticut! That Statewent astray because the Federal Government misledit. The Federal Government, therefore, can find.not excuse, but condemnation, in the bleating ofthat wandering sheep! Suppose New Jersey hadgone Democratic, and refused to ratify the ConstitutionalAmendment. Would the President havebeen allowed to say "I cannot require the SouthernStates to accept what a Northern Stats rejects?"Let Connecticut grind her nutmegs and negroes,and let the Federal Government reconstruct theUnion on a foundation of Justice, In New Englandto be copied as a pattern? Then let her five States,and not her sixth he the exemplar! The Southhas need, not of New England's faults, but NewEngland's virtues. black men voted in every State ofthe Union Constitution of the United States was ratified by thevotes of black men Meanwhile, on with the agitation! God forbidthat any man shall over keep quiet in this country,till he has his civil rights! Four millions Americancitizens now say to the Government; "When othermen were traitors, we were loyal; when others wereyour enemies, we were your friends; but no youhonor your assassins, and dishonor your protectors;you reward disloyalty with civil privileges, andfidelity with disfranchisement. Wherefore we protestbefore Mankind and God!" Shall this protest be heeded or scorned? Whiteand Anglo-Saxon, we refuse a white and Anglo-SaxonRepublic! The Republic is for all its citizensalike. So we add our voice to swell louderthe appeal of the oppressed. Let the cry be heededby the President, by Congress, by the Republicanparty. But if by none of these, what then? Then"shall not God avenge His own elect, which cry dayand night unto Him, though he bear long with them? Itell you he will avenge then speedily!"—Independent. shall not God avenge His own elect, which cry dayand night unto Him, though he bear long with them? Itell you he will avenge then speedily!" Independent. 

 The conversation at the Union Club House, in thiscity, on Tuesday evening fortnight, between SeantorSumner, Henry Ward Beecher, and Gov. Andrew, onthe occasion of the visit of "Gov." Parsons of Alabama,and Gen. Swayne of the Freedmen's Bureau,has gained so wide a comment, we are disposed to leta little further light in upon the matter, as one, really,of public interest. The recital will possibly prove abenefit to some of the "reconstructed" gentlemennow at the North. Gov. Parsons was introduced to the company, consistingof sixty or seventy gentlemen, in the parlorsof the house, and proceeded to state the circumstancesin which Alabama found itself at the close of the war.There was nothing, he said, in its treasury save afew dollars and some valueless confederate bonds;there were not funds enough to pay the ordinary expensesof the State government. The waste of thewar had been terrible; and there was a large proportionof the population, whites as well as blacks, thatwould suffer greatly, the coming winter, unless someassistance should be derived elsewhere. Mr. Beecher said he would add a few words, which,possibly, would not be proper for Gov. Persons himselfto state. A plan had been devised of aiding Alabamaby subscribing to a loan to the amount of$1,500,000, at 8 per cent. interest, the bonds thereforeto be guaranteed by the faith of the State. InNew York, several leading capitalists had indicatedtheir willingness to take such securities, provided thewhole amount was made up; and the practical questionnow was whether the moneyed men of New Englandwould join in this method of relieving Alabamaof its difficulty. To ascertain this, the Governor hadvisited Boston at this time. Senator Sumner, as a lending representative man,was naturally looked to for a response, and he calmlyremarked that he thought that what the gentlemanfrom Alabama needed was candor, as well as cash.Speaking for himself, alone, he was free to say thathe did not believe a dollar would be invested by NewEngland in Alabama bonds, so long as that "State"denied civil and political rights to nearly one-half ofits population. candor Mr. Beecher replied that it was evident the gentlemanlast up was not prepared to take any of the proposedbonds, but he would present the case again topractical business men. It the bonds of Alabamawere not good, neither were those of any State denyingsuffrage to colored men,—Ohio, Indiana, and NewYork, for instance, (Connecticut, Mr Beecher's nativeState, was not mentioned.) Alabama could not be expectedto give equal rights to the colored people whenour own Northern States declined to do it. Connecticut Mr. Sumner rejoined, that he had endeavored tospeak with frankness, without giving offence, and ina spirit of the utmost kindness towards the people ofAlabama. He would add, that he had carefully readthe Constitution of that State, sent him by Gov. Persons,and by it he was further convinced that no aidof the king naked for should be rendered a "State"that was founded on sand. Without justice, there wasno security; and security was the first requisite forsuch negotiations. Gov. Andrew said the last gentleman had in his remarksviolated a rule of the club, which provided thatno political topics should be there discussed. Gov.Parsons had come to Boston, recommended and endorsedby the Secretary of War, and he had hopedhe would be treated by gentlemen as a gentleman.That we should aid the South by means andemigration was evident and no more wise methodof settling our national difficulties could be devised. Hehad all his life been in antagonism to the South andwhen they attempted a war in the interest of slaveryhe was for a vigorous prosecution of the war. Hewas now in favor of an equally vigorous prosecution ofpeace. Mr. Summer replied that he was not often with theclub, and was not familiar with the rules, but he acceptedthe rebuke of the Governor in the spirit inwhich it was given. If he had violated the regulationshe regretted it. and apologized to the company;but he thought it a little singular that the Governorshould do exactly that for which he (Mr. S.) was rebuked.What he had said he deemed it been franklyto state to the gentleman from Alabama, that hemight not be devoted in expecting aid where he wasconfident it would not be offered; and this in no spiritof unkindness to the gentleman or his friends present The matter was then dropped, and the companydispersed. little knots of friends, however, gatheringabout, and generally thanking Mr. Sumner for sayingonly what they thought.—Commonwealth. Commonwealth. ☞For the faithful discharge, above recorded, ofan unpleasant. Mr. Sumner has again meritedthe thanks at Massachusetts. It is much to be regrettedthat Governor Andrew chase to place himselfin opposition to the influence of a plain statementsuch as Mr. Sumner made; a statement which is demanded,by manly candor, from all lovers of liberty inMassachusetts to all the ex-slaveholders of the South,until they shall consent to treat the blacks justly. If,under present circumstance, Alabama bonds are to betaken in Now England, let Mr. Botcher and the otherConnecticut people take them.—C.K.W. is 

 Congress, by a two-thirds vote in either House,has initiated, an already twenty-five States haveratified, by a majority vote in either branch of theirrespective Legislatures, the following importantAmendment to the Federal Constitutions:— SEC. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude,except as a punishment for crime, whereof theparty shall have been duly convicted, shall exist withinthe United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. EC. SEC. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce thisArticle by appropriate legislation." EC. The States which have thus far ratified this amendmentare as follows:— Illinois, Feb. 1, 1865. Rhode Island, Feb. 2. Maryland, Feb. 3. Massachusetts, Feb. 3. New York, Feb. 3. Pennsylvania, Feb. 3. West Virginia, Feb. 3. Michigan, Feb. 2. Maine, Feb. 7. Ohio, Feb. 8. Kansas, Feb. 8. Minnesota, Feb. 8. Virginia, Feb 9. Indiana, Feb. 12. Nevada, Feb 16. Louisiana, Feb. 17. Missouri, Feb. 24. Wisconsin, Feb. 28. Vermont, March 9. Tencesser, April 5. Arkansas, April —. Connecticut, May 4. Iowa, June 30. New Hampshire, June 30 SOUTH CAROLINA, Nov. 13. OUTH AROLINA South Carolina having thus given the ball a freshimpetus, we may confidently expect to see it fartherimpelled by several of the States which reluctantlyfollowed her into the Rebellion which dug the graveof the "peculiar institution." New-Jersey—whoselate Legislature was induced to reject the Amendment—has in consequence chosen one which illsurely and speedily accept it. So, e trust, willOregon and California. Delaware would probablydo likewise, now that her soldiers are at home oncemore, if a new Legislature were now to be chosen;she will do it, if needful, next year. But it will not be needful. Even if we count Coloradoa 37th State, and thus render twenty-eight.States requisite to perfect the ratification, the numberwill soon be made up. We should gladly celebratethis consummation on our approaching Nationalthanksgiving; but, if the privilege be thendenied us, we can wait a little, not doubting thatthe end is secure. not South Carolina, it ill be noted, hesitated to ratifyuntil spurred thereto by a sharp message from thePresident through the State Department—not becauseshe had any lingering hope of being enabledto retain or restore slavery in name, but from disliketo sec. 2 of the Amendment, and apprehensionthat it would be held to bar her enactment or retentionof any such "Black Code" as her late rebelsstill hanker after. The grounds of her reluctanceto ratify are very fairly set forth in a recent RichmondEnquirer as follows:— Enquirer "But the Constitutional Amendment has not beenadopted, because the people of Virginia will not consentto give to Congress the right to legislate for and controlany part of her people. This may be State rights, andas such, may be very obnoxious to the Radicals. But,suppose the State persists in her refusal, what then?Gov. Pierpont is not a Provisional Governor; he is aGovernor by election. Virginia has her Legislature,not by the grace of President Johnson, but by theprovisions of the Federal Constitution. Her peopleare in the Union, though her Representative may notget into Congress, and her people can live outsideof Congress. It is a matter of opinion andchoice, whether or not a State shall ratify the Amendment;if it is compulsory, it is not binding, or it isbinding only so long as force compels a pretended acquiescencein it. If the force is to be always exerted,then the Constitution is destroyed, and the RepublicanGovernment a failure." the people of Virginia will not consentto give to Congress the right to legislate for and controlany part of her people. The Enquirer seems ignorant of the fact that the(loyal) Legislature of Virginia did ratify the Amendmentlast winter, so that no further action is requiredof that State. It is now desired only that afew more of the same sort shall follow her excellentexample. Enquirer did But, presuming the success of the Amendment assured,ho much shall it be held to mean? The N.Y. Times—which is currently believed tobe occasionally inspired from the State Department—says of the recent action of South Carolina:— Times "It will be noticed that the Legislature hesitatedin its action, not from any desire or purpose to retainor restore slavery, but because it feared Congressmight, under the second clause of the Amendment,claim the power to legislate for the negroes after theirfreedom had been established. Gov. Perry presentedthis matter to the President, who replied, through theSecretary of State, that he regarded it as 'querulousand unreasonable.' The President holds that Congress,under this clause, has no power to make lawsconcerning the negroes, except for the purpose of carryingtheir emancipation into effect. After they arefree, Congress can do nothing except to maintain theirfreedom. With this explanation, the Legislature tookprompt action on the subject, and ratified the Amendment." after emancipation The Press (Philadelphia) has an "Occasional"Washington letter from its editor (Col. Forne) onthis subject, which says:— Press "The reluctance of the original seceders to sanctionthis drastic and searching Amendment, illustrated inthe South Carolina Legislature, a few days ago, wasproduced by the fair construction given to the secondsection of the new Article. The South Carolina leaderssaw that their slaves were not only set free by theConstitutional Amendment, but that Congress asempowered to legislate to 'enforce' the universal decree.They were not misled by the aboard theory,been f some weak or scheming brain, that under thesecond section, they could apply to Congress for remunerationor compensation for their 'property!'the legislation of Congress is to 'enforce' abolition—to perfect emancipation—not to pay the old slave-masters.And when Mr. Seward telegraphed to Gov.Perry that his objections to this sections were 'querulousand unfounded,' he scent that the duly of Congresswas too plain to require on interpretor." fair construction he scent that the duly of Congresswas too plain to require on interpretor. We hold the Press entirety right in the premises,and trust it faithfully reflects the views of the Presidentof the United States, The ConstitutionalAmendment aim at the absolute, unconditional abolitionof slavery throughout the United Stares; butit does not atop here. Hitherto, the personal libertyand civil rights of each citizen were held and enjoyedunder the protection of the Stales respectively;hereafter, their are to be upheld and guarded bythe Nation. Hitherto, a State might cruelly oppressany portion of her own people; hereafter, Congressu charged win the duty of protecting in the fall enjoymentof his liberties each inhabitant of our country,and clothed with the power requisite to its fulfillmentof this high obligation. Ours must henceforthand forever be a Union of Free States and aNation of Freemen, or Congress will be grossly delinquentand culpable. Gov. Perry's objection tothe second section of the Constitutional Amendmentmay, indeed, have been, "querulous and unreasonable,"since it is unwise to resist the inevitable or toobject to the strongest possible guaranties of individualand general liberty; but we cannot regardhis construction of the great Amendment as strainedor illogical. If Congress shall forbear to "legislatefor the negroes," or for others, it will so forbearsimply because the States act so wisely and justlythat no farther legislation is needed.—.N.Y. Tribune. Press N.Y. Tribune. 

 We print below a letter from one of the Secretariesof the American Missionary Association, which showsthe pressing necessity for immediate action on behalfof the freedmen of the South. We learn that ourrespected fellow-citizen, Mr. Charles Tappan, to whomthe letter is addressed, has undertaken to collectclothing, blankets and supplies of all kinds, for thisobject Mr. Tappan will take charge of and forwardsuch supplies or money as may be sent to No. 114Washington street, and confided to his care for thispurpose. AMERICAN MISSTONART ASSOCIATION,NEW YORK Nov. 24, 1855. MERICAN ISSTONART SSOCIATION EW ORK CHARLES TAPPAN, Esq.: HARLES APPAN MY DEAR SIR,— of the 21d instant was dulyreceived, and we are rejoiced to learn that you areonce more ready to devote your time, without compensation,for the benefit of the freedmen of theSouth. Let me nature you that there never was atime when such help was more needed. The following extracts from a document recently prepared byone of the secretaries of this association will presentthe facts which justify the generous efforts you proposeto make, and call loudly for the benefactions ofthe philanthropist and Christian. Y EAR IR your time From the superintendents of schools, from offersappointed by Government, and others, alarming reportsrelative to the condition and prospects of thefreedmen have claimed our attention, and demand immediateaction. The restoration of abandoned and confiscated lands ais fast rendering houseless and homeless and helplessthousands of these families. In one district in Virginin,the present superintendent says that probablyfifteen thousand people will he turned away from theirhomes, and left with no means of support. On oneplantation or farm called Acretown, because each familyhad one acre assigned it, were three hundred families,many of them wives and children or widows andorphans of colored soldiers. This farm is ordered toha cleared. In another district of Virginia, it is estimated bythose best qualified to know, that not less than twentythousand persons will he thus made homeless, and thesuperintendent of schools in that State, under the AssistantCommissioner of the Bureau, says, that inEastern Virginia, at a low estimate, the number whoare thus being ejected from the farms, which are beingrepossessed by late rebel owners, cannot be lessthan 70.000, and that the great majority of them willbe left not only utterly homeless, bat without anypossible means of support, just at the beginning ofwinter. Disease and death have already commencedtheir work, and we dare not trust ourselves to statethe number of those who, it is estimated, must perishbefore the opening of spring, unless the kindness ofgovernment or an abounding charity bring swilt relief. Like causes are coming into operation in SouthCarolina and elsewhere, and thousands upon thousands,unless government interposes in their behalf,will be driven from their little homes, and left byformer owners to perish. Wishing you great success, I am, Very respectfully, yours, &C., GEO. WHIPPLE, Cor. Sec. Cor. Sec. 

 The action of Southern conventions and officialsin the work of reconstruction is indicative of a spiritwhich only needs to be "let alone" to bring backall the worst features of Southern domination. Mr.Seward expressed the opinion that reconciliationcould be effected by a judicious system of "pressureand persuasion"; but it is fully apparent that thetime has not yet arrived to relinquish the "pressure"portion of the operation. As a slight illustration of the strength with whichold habits cling to the reconstructionists, and of thetenacity with which they adhere to the old socialsystem, under a slight disguise, it may be mentionedthat the special commission appointed in South Carolinato draw up a code for the freed population ofthe State, have reported a long series of regulations,which are now under examination in the StateLegislature. The new code lays down that all havingless than seven eighths of white blood are to bedeemed persons of color. It gives to them the rightto hold property, real or personal, to sue and besued, and to have all such legal remedies as whitesare entitled to. It establishes the relation of husbandand wife among them, and that of parent andchild, but provides that the person contracting witha freedman is to be known as the master, and thefreedman as the servant. Children of freedmenmay be apprenticed by their parents to respectablewhite or colored persons until they are twenty-one,and the master is to be entitled to the services ofthe apprentice, may recapture him if be runs away,and may chastise him moderately, and is also toteach him some trade or occupation, and if there isa school within convenient distance, to send Urnfor six weeks, at least, in every year. The Daily Advertiser very pertinently suggeststhat the South Carolina people could save themselvesa world of trouble by merely repealing a partof their present legislation, and striking out thereference to color in the rest. Daily Advertiser President Johnson is manifestly of the opinionthat although much has been done towards therestoration of the insurrectionary States, much yetremains undone, and continued "pressure" isnecessary. At a formal interview with members ofthe North Carolina Convention on Friday, after expressinghis pleasure at receiving a copy of the Proceedingsof the Convention, and cordially reciprocatingthe conciliatory spirit they manifested in theiraddress to him, he added, significantly:— "The Convention of North Carolina bee nonemuch and well toward restoring that Slate to her propernational relations, hut something yet remains tobe done to render that restoration immediately practicable.An acceptation of the Congressional Amendmentabolishing slavery throughout the United Statesby the Legislature of North Carolina is, In my judgment,practically important to the successful restorntionwhich is so much desired by all. Without answeringspecifically the question you have proposed to me, itwill be sufficient to say that my action must depend uponevents, and that Mr. Holden will be again instructedcontinue the exercise of his functions as ProvisionalGovernor until be shall have been express y relievedby orders to that effect." There is still another significant indication thatthe President is not to be deceived by the attemptsof the old Southern aristocracy to palm off uponhim mere form for real substance. He has instructedthe Provisional Governors of his own appointmentto continue in office until be directs tothe contrary, showing that he does net mean to beso hasty in conceding everything to the unrepentantrebels, at they evidently flattered themselves hewould. "Works meet for repentance" he demandsnow, as be has demanded from the first, and be willbe satisfied with nothing less. The following is acopy of a telegram addressed to His Excellency. B.F. Perry, Provisional Governor at South Carolina,on Friday:— "Your letter of the 4th is Just new received. Whilemuch hue been done in South Carolina that is conduciveto pence and restoration, the President still thinksit is impossible to anticipate events. He expects,therefore, you will continue to exercise the dutiesheretofore devolved upon you m Provisional Governorof South Carolina until you shall be relieved by hisorder. He observes with regret that neither theState Convention, nor the Legislature, has pronouncedthe debts and obligations contracted in the name ofthe State for unconstitutional and even mutinous purposesto be void. He equally regrets that the Stateseems to decline the Congressional an endment of theConstitution of the United States abolishing slavery.I telegraphed to you yesterday as follows: 'The President directs me to write to you that asearly adoption of the Congressional amendment of theConstitution of the United Stales abolishing slavery bythe South Carolina Legislature, is deemed peculiarlyImportant, and especially desirable with reference tothe general situation of the Union.' I have now only to say that the President's opinionsbefore expressed remain unchanged. WILLIAM H. SEWARD. The country will hail, with the greatest satisfactionand admiration, these manifestations of firmness,discretion and justice, on the part of the President,serving, as they do, to strengthen and confirmthe confidence which the people have reposed inhim.—Salem Register. Salem Register. 

 The following form a New Orleans paper in regardto successful efforts in behalf of colored orphans inthat city, made by a lady well known and highly esteemedin Boston, will interest her friends and thefriends of humanity:— "We hear with satisfaction that Mrs. Louise DeMortie has succeeded in saving the children of theSoulé Asylum from the clutches of apprenticeship,that is to say, from bondage. The Asylum renouncesall support from the Freedmen's Bureau, and underthis condition will continue independent of all Governmentauthority. It is now for the colored populationto sustain that benevolent institution. We cannot bestow too much praise upon Mrs. DoMortie for the firm stand she has taken on that occasion,as the guardian of the children entrusted toher care. She was responsible for them, and wouldhave been unfaithful to a sacred duty had she deliveredher pupils into an apprenticeship, unknown and unauthorizedby our laws. Gen. Fullerton issued yesterday morning the followinglowing order:— HEADOUARTERS BURRAU OF REFUGEES, FREEDMENAND ABANDONED LANDS STAPE OF LOUISIANA. EADOUARTERS URRAU EFUGEES REEDMENAND ABANDONED BANDONED ANDS TAPE OUISIANA. NEW ORLNAWS, Oct. 26, 1565. EW RLNAWS Madame Louise De Mortie having made arrangementsto render the Orphan Asylum in the SouléMansion self-supporting, and not at all dependent onthe Government, the order of apprenticeship, issuedfrom this Bureau, so far as this Asylum is concerned,is hereby withdrawn. J.S. FULLERTON, Brevet Brig. Gen. and Ass's. Commissioner. Stateof Louisiana. 

 The National Committee of the United "Turners"of America are circulating the) fallowing positionfor signatures, to be presented at the amusingsession of Congress. To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representationof the United States;—The undersignedcitizens of —————, State of —————,respectfully submit for the consideration of yourhonorable body:— To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representationof the United States 1. That the people, viz: the inhabitants of thelate rebellious districts, having by their own actsvacated, overthrown and forfeited their rights ascitizens and an State organizations, and having, byact of Congress, been declared alien enemies, haveas yet no right, and are improper persons, to berepresented in Congress. 2. That the policy of the Executive, in assumingto restore civil authority through military governments,without the aid and advice of Congress, iscontrary to the spirit of our institutions. 3. That it is the right and duty of Congress atthe earliest possible moment to assume control overthe late rebellious districts, and to provide provisionalgovernments for the name, in order that civil authoritymay be restored at an early period, and atruly republican form of government be guaranteedto every State. That before recognition of the late rebelliousdistricts as States, and their admission to the NationalCouncils, a due regard must be had for therights of the loyal people, and for security for thefuture, which cannot be obtained by oaths. 5. That while we may renounce indemnity forthe past, irreversible guarantees for the future mustbe insisted upon, and should be obtained before readmitting rebels to equal rights with loyal persons. 6. That the States actually co-operating and supportingthe national government, as represented inCongress and in Legislatures, constitute at all timesa constitutional quorum to make laws and to amendthe Constitution, any number of ex-States, havingno constitutional representatives and legislatures,notwithstanding. 7. That emancipation is not complete as long asthe black codes exist. Therefore, your petitioners pray that your honorablebody immediately take measures to provide provisionalcivil governments for the late rebellious districts,and, as security for the future, to exact irreversibleguarantees, among which should be:—TheUnity and Sovereignty of the Republic; Enfranchisementand Equality before the Laws; Securityof the National Debt; The rejection of the RebelDebt; Compulsory Education; National peace andtranquillity by Impartial Suffrage. And your petitioners will ever pray. 

 "Dixon" the Southern correspondent of the BostonAdvertiser, thus describes the passage of the bill abolishingslavery in the Georgia State Convention:— BostonAdvertiser, "The question of the terms in which slavery shouldbe abolished and prohibited which occupied one longand exciting day at Columbia, have scarcely occupiedone minute. In the new Bill of Rights, as it camefrom the committee of sixteen, is this clause:— 'The government of the United States having, as awar measure, proclaimed all slaves held or owned inthis State emancipated from slavery, and having carriedthat proclamation into full practical effect, thereshall henceforth be within the Slate of Georgia neitherslavery nor involuntary servitude, save as a punishmentfor crime after legal conviction thereof; presided,that this acquiescence in the action of the governmentof the United States is not intended to operate as a relinquishment,or waiver, or estopped of such claim forcompensation of loss, sustained by reason of the emancipationof his slaves, as any citizen of Georgia mayhereafter make upon the justice and magnanimity ofthat government.' presided The clause was reached at exactly five o'clock thisevening. The clerk read it in his high monotone,—holding the paper in one head and a candle in theother, for the hall is low and dark—the President respondedas he had nineteen times before in the lasthalf hour, 'If there be no objection, and the chairhears none, the clause will be considered as agreed to,and the clerk will read the next in order. 'Therewas so objection and the clerk went on with his reading.So. without a word to warm the blood of friendor foe, the great Empire State of the South took upthe banner of liberty and fell into the ranks of progression." 

 STATE OF TENNESSEE, EEXECUTIVE DEP'T, NASHVILLE, Nov. 13. TATE ENNESSEE EXECUTIVE EP'T ASHVILLE Editors Cincinnati Gazette:—In your paper of Saturday,I find this notice:— Editors Cincinnati Gazette: "Gov. Brownlow was robbed of $500 and his watchby some highwaymen near Nashville, while he wasriding out with Hon. Horace Maynard, on Fridayevening." This is a mistake. It was my son, the AdjutantGeneral of the State, who was riding in a buggy witha son of Horace Maynard. I am too prudent a manto ride out on any road leading from or coming intoNashville, other than a railroad. This whole countryabounds in thieves and robbers, any of whomwould murder a man for his watch or for a $5 bill.Despite of all the vigilance exercised by the civiland military authorities, murders and robberies areof daily occurrence—both in Nashville and the surroundingcounties of Middle Tennessee. As loudand as numerous as are the complaints against EastTennessee by the papers of Nashville and a certainclass of politicians, there are five of these outragesperpetrated in Middle Tennessee to every one thatoccurs in the eastern division of the State. To becandid, there is almost as much disloyalty in MiddleTennessee now, as there was in 1861. And this ison of the whole South, minus the number of disloyalmen who are under ground! Tennessee is in amuch better condition than any one of the secededStates, and she has great room for improvement.Six or seven out of her eight representatives in Congressare true and loyal men, and for the good of theState and nation, I should like to see them admittedto seats in the approaching session. But this I cannotsay of the other Southern States. They will notelect loyal men to Congress, nor can a loyal man beelected Governor of one of those States. Their conventionsand legislatures are overwhelmingly rebel,and will be for years to come. Their candidates forGovernor, Congress and the Legislature, as well asfor county offices, urge their claims for votes on theground that they had done all in their power to aidthe rebellion. They are for assuming the rebel wardebt, and they are for legislating Northern men outof the South! In a word, the rebels of the South have by nomeans abandoned his long-cherished idea of separatingthe government. They are looking to thisend; and more, they are organizing with a view tothis result. They do not propose to dissolve theUnion by the use of the sword and bayonet. Theyhave tried this in a wicked war of four dreary years,and signally failed. Their purpose is to accomplishtheir infernal plans through the ballot-box in Congress,and they look to the copperhead democracyand other Northern traitors to aid them. ThankGod, the recent elections at the North have blastedtheir hopes for the present, and taught them that thereal people, the loyal masses of the great North, areall right! My hopes for the future are in the goodness, theobstinate loyalty and determined purposes of the republicanmajority in Congress. I pray God theywill not admit rebels into Congress indiscriminately,because they have taken the amnesty oath, or obtainedthe Executive pardon. As President Johnsonsaid, let them occupy the back seats for a fewyears. I am one of those at South who believe thiswar has closed out two years too soon! The rebelshave been whipped, but not whipped enough. For saying these things, I expect to be abused byall rebel papers South, and by all treacherous sheetsat the North. Let them say out; I am able to standtheir abuse. I am for the American Union, regardlessof the late of actions, the war of parties, or themalice of individuals. I have the honor to be, very truly and sincerely, W.G. BROWNLOW. 

 ENTERPRISE. A number of colored men belongingto a Florida regiment whose term of enlistment issoon to expire have organized a company for the purposeof doing business without the assistance of anywhite man. They intend to establish large stores inthe States of South Carolina, Georgia and Floridaand supply the necessaries of life from the New Yorkmarket on as reasonable terms as any other parties.The lumber of Florida is to be brought to the marketsof the world by this company. One or more steamerswill be employed in the business which they will undertake,to ply between New York and the Statesabove referred to. Sufficient capital can be had, andlaborers abundant, to make the enterprise a success.There is room enough and capital enough to warrantthe organization of other similar companies and wehope to see more in operation.South Carolina Leader. NTERPRISE. South Carolina Leader. THE PRESIDENT'S TO GOVERNORHUMPHERYS. Owing to the meagreness of the statementin the dispatch from Mississippi recently published,purporting to give the substance of PresidentJohnson's instructions to Governor Humphreys, theNational Republicans gives a full copy of the dispatchas follows:— HE RESIDENT'S OVERNOR UMPHERYS. National Republicans "WASHINGTON, NOV. 17, 1885. ASHINGTON OV. To B.G. Humphrys, Governor elect of Mississippi: To B.G. Humphrys, Governor elect of Mississippi The troops will be withdrawn from Mississippiwhen, in the opinion of the Government, peace andorder, and the civil authority, have been restored, andcan be maintained without them. Every step will betaken to enforce strict discipline and subordination tothe civil authority. There can be no other or greaterassurance given than has heretofore been on the partof the President or government. There is no concussion required on the part of thepeople of Mississippi, or the Legislature, other than aloyal compliance with the laws and Constitution of theUnited States, and the adoption of such measures,giving protection to all freedmen or freemen in personand property, without regard to color, us will entitlethem to resume all their constitutional relationsin the Federal union. The people of Mississippi may feel well assuredthat there is no arbitrary disposition on the part of thegovernment to dictate what action should be had, but,on the contrary, to simply and kindly advise a policythat, it is believed, will result in restoring all the relationswhich should exist between the States comprisingthe Federal Union. It is hoped that they will appreciate and feel thesuggestions herein made, for they are offered in thatspirit which should pervade those who desire peaceand harmony, an a thorough restoration of the Union.There must be confidence between the governmentand the people, and while the government confides inthe people, the people must have faith in the government.This must be mutual and reciprocal, or all thathas been done will be thrown away. ANDREW JOHNSON,President of the United States." 

 The President was visited, last week, by a delegationfrom the North Carolina Convention, asking twounreasonable things, viz: that he should issue a proclamationdeclaring the State of North Carolinapractically restored to the Union, and that he shoulduse his influence to secure the repeal of the test oath,as soon as Congress comes together. It should beremembered that the day before, a State election washeld in North Carolina, and that the returns fromtwenty-one precincts that Gov. Holden hadbeen outvoted by his rebel opponents by nearly twoto one, and that every Union candidate for Congressin the State who could take the oath had bee defeatedUnder the circumstances the mission ofthese North Carolina gentlemen to Washingtonseems to be to induce the President to extend rifeprotection of United States authority over that politicalusurpation which carried the State out of theUnion, and to secure the immediate recognition ofits representatives as against those who kept thefaith and remained loyal. The President's replygave them no encouragement. But even if NorthCarolina had done all that the President asked ofher, and had favored the choke of representativeswhole presence at the capital would not have beenan insult to every patriot there, the application ofsuch a role as they asked for would have been equallyimpracticable. Take Virginia, for example.She had the then of a loyal before therebellion collapsed. It was at once recognized asthe lawful provisional government of Virginia, afterthat event transpired. Whatever has been done towardresenting friendly relations with the Union hasbeen done under he auspices. Yet of the eightmembers elect to the nest Congress, fear only areeligible under existing laws. Those who are ineligiblewere elected with the fall knowledge of thattact, and with the expectation that they could successfullydefy the law. Mississippi is in a still worsecondition. It is well known that Judge Fisher, theUnion candidate for Governor, was defeated by arebel General. Four of the five representatives onsetI were either officers is the rebel army, or hold importantcivil trusts order the confederate usurpation.Or take Louisiana. There are some who regardthis State as a kind of New Atlantis, and Gen.Banks insists upon having its representatives admittedwit host inquiry and in defiance of all generalprinciples. Bat bow does Louisiana stand? TheState election took place there last Tuesday. Gov.Wells, the incumbent, was re elected. Bat the rentof his ticket was made up of unequivocal and unrepentantrebels to the last. The rebel Gov. Allen,who is now a fugitive is Mexico, and, if the dispatchesare true, allegiant to Macmillan, wasbrought into the Bold at the last moment, and if theelection hail been deferred a week later, the defectionfrom Gov. Wells's supporters would have beenfetal to his hopes. The disloyalties is Mew Orleansboldly and namely organized a party to advancehis interests. "The idea that Gov. Allen is ineligible,"they said, "is entirely erroneous. The takingof the oath of allegiance will qualify him to acceptany office whatever. He requires neither presidentialpardon nor amnesty. Rally, then, round thestandard of that Bayard of too South, Unary WatkinsAllen! Let the good work go as!" Theyoung chivalry of the city and country, which hadscarcely yet discarded its traitor Uniform, leaguedtogether to bring back the fugitive as the executivebead of their Commonwealth. Their organ in NewOrleans, speaking like the Richmond journalistswhen the war was at its highest, warned the u enemies"of Theory Watkins Allen that if they persistedin running counter to the broad and deep currentsof human nature—whatever that aught amen—they were destined to he overwhelmed. Withsuch as element as this rampant in Louisiana, andsore to triumph the moment the general governmentgives way to this audacious Southern pressure, it istie less than sedition to ask that the only tests ofloyalty shall be repealed, nod toe mild restraint ofthe central government removed. These States arethe moat advanced of thorn which have gone throughthe forum of reorganization. What, under such circumstances,would the repeal of the test oath be butoffering a premium upon treason, and inflicting; stillanother blow upon that stricken loyalty which is noSouthern State has yet dared to 'raise its head?—Worcester Spy. Worcester Spy. 

 PRESIDENT JOHNSON'S POLICY. Brig.-Gen. C.B.Fiske, of the Freedmen's Berman—whose fidelity tothe cause of freedom and the country has been constantlyapproved throughout this war and since its conclusion—gave the substance of a conversation with thePresident, in a speech at Brooklyn, on Tuesday evening.Gen. Fiske said. RESIDENT OHNSON'S OLICY. "He ought to tell the audience that he had somehope for the future. Yesterday, he had a talk with thePresident, ho said to him that he 'felt the great responsibilitycommitted to him. People any sometimesI was born South, and I ill not trust the negroas a freeman, but I mean and desire to carry out theviews of the great and good Abraham Lincoln, and tosee that these people have a guarantee of their freedom.I may not believe with you in their ultimateattainments, but I mean they shall have a fair chance.I wish the people of the North know what I had tostand between. Daily I receive telegrams and lettersfrom all parts of the South of dreadful import. Ifthey could but see the difficulties of my position, theywould pity me and give me their prayers.' This hesaid with tears in his eyes; and I asked him if theFreedmen's Bureau was to be discontinued—my resignationbeing already in his hands—and he said tome: 'Go back, go to your work, and see justice doneto both white and black. The Freedmen's Bureauwill only cease to exist when the Southern States areresolved to deal honestly and justly by these freedmen.'And I came away from the presence withmore of faith and hope in Andrew Johnson than Iever had." 

 The following letter from President Lincoln,written before he was nominated for the Paradise,has just beau brought to light: DR. THEDORE CANISIUS: R. HEDORE ANISIUS: DEAR SIR—Your note, asking, in behalf yourselfill and other German citizen, whether I am for oragainst the Constitutional provision is regard tonaturalized citizen lately adopted by Massachusetts,and whether I am for or against a fusion of the Republicansand other opposition elements for the convenesof 1860, is received, EAR IR Massachusetts is a sovereign and independentState, and it is no privilege of mine to scolds her forwhat she does. Still, if tram what aha has done aninference is sought to be drawn as to what I would do,I may, without impropriety, speak out. I say, then,that, as I understand the Massachusetts proven,I am against in adoption is Illinois, or is any otherplace where I have a right to oppose it.. Understandingthe spirit of our institutions to aim at theelevation of men, I am opposed to whatever tendsto degrade them. I have some little notoriety for commiseratingthe appeased condition of the negro; andI should us strangely inconsistent if I could toany project for curtailing too existing rights ofwhite men, even though born is different leads, andspeaking deferent languages from myself. As to the matter of fusion, I am for it, if it canbe had on Republican ground, and I am not far it onsay other terms. A fusion on say other termswould be as foolish as unprincipled, k would losethe whole Worth, white the common enemy wouldnull carry the whole South. The question of menis a different one. There art good patristic menand able statesmen is the South, whom I wouldcheerfully support, if they would now place themselvesupon ground ground. But I am agitatedletting down the Republican standard a heir'sbreadth. I have written this hastily but I believe it answersyour question substantially Your truly, A. LINCOLN. 

 General Saxton has issued the following circular: "BUREAU OF REFUGESS, FREEDMEN AND ABANDONED LANDS. UREAU EFUGESS REEDMEN AND BANDONED ANDS. CHARLESTON, S.C., November 9, 185. HARLESTON "The freedmen in the States of South Carolina andGeorgia are, in most cases, in a destitute condition asregards clothing and blankets to protect them duringthe ensuing winter, and donations of such articles areearnestly solicited from all who feel inclined to aidthese poor people. All letters in regard to this matter should be addressedto Captain J.P. Rutherford, A.Q.M.,Charleston, S.C., who had charge of the distributionof clothes to the freedmen in these two States. Thebest channel of transmittal for donations is throughthe nearest Freedmen's Aid Societies, who have thefacilities for transportation, and will gladly take chargeof all such contributions. All articles of clothing, such as shoes, stockings,coats, pantaloons, dresses, shirts and under-clothing,for men and women, and children of both sexes, wouldbe acceptable, and would be a charity well bestowed. By order of Bvt. Maj. Gen. R. SAXTON, AXTON Assistant Commissioner. H.W. SMITH, Asst. Adj. General." MITH 

 ☞In Kentucky the split in the PresbyterianChurch grows wider. The contest between theloyal and disloyal increases in fury and bitternessThe immediate eases of tins food was the declareadapted by the Presbyterians of Louisvillecondemning the loyal utter amen of the GeneralAssembly. Upon the matting of the Synod lastweak at Louisville. this action was brought up bySynod. Dr. Breckinridge charged that the declarationof the diplomatists is heretical schismatical, contemptuous,defiant and is open rebellion to thePresbyterian Church and that either he (Dr. B.) orthe authors of that documents must go out of theSynod. The contest will be fierce, and it is apprehendedthat the disloyal party will sustain the actionof the Louisville Presbytery. This would carrythe matter up to the General Assembly whichmeets in St. Louis next may In any event adivision on the Presbyterian Church in Kentuckyseems inevitable. NORTH CAROLINA Election. The RaleighProgress of Saturday last says that not a single theof the candidates elected in North Carolina for Congresscan take the oath. As to the gubernatorialelection and the sentiment of the people of theState as a majority the same paper says:— ORTH AROLINA Progress But few returns have been received from distantcounties, and the Governor's election is in doubt.Mr. Worth leads Governor Holden in the railroadtowns with which we can communicate by wire,but as most of these were known to be strongly secesh,no other result was expected. The rural districtsit is thought especially in the west will golargely for Governor Holden and if so he will beelected. The Vance and Davis leaders fused andmarshaled their forces against Governor Holden asthey would against any other man who had denouncedthe war and the Confederate leaders and hence thelarge vote against them. If Governor Holden isbeaten the same men who have don it would votefor Jefferson Davis or Zebulon B. Vance againstAndrew Johnson, There must be a great change of heart in NorthCarolina before Andrew Johnson as a candidatefor the Presidency can carry it against any prominentleader in the rebellion who may oppose him.We feel confident that it is but too true that a majorityprefer to vote for a rebel hero to an ultraunconditional Union man. These things are unpleasantto those of us who want civil law and aplace in the Union but as they are true we owe itto ourself to state them. The whole people werevery loyally disposed, apparently in May and June,when the bristling bayonets of many battalions gavethem gentle and constant reminders of the necessityof good behavior; but as the pressure was withdrawn,the disaffected became more and more insolent,until now, men, women, and children onbended knees are imploring Andrew Johnson torestore to them their darling pot Jefferson Davis.These infatuations may be sweet and pleasurablenow, but if we mistake not they will become terriblybitter before the March winds shall have ceasedtheir requiems. We regret to speak thus but widespreadand increasing disaffection complete us to doit. The supporters of Wade Hampton and Mr.Worth are the enemies of Andrew Johnson, andwill be as long as he is the enemy of treason, andfoe to traitors; and when the time comes when theycan strike him a blow, they will do it." 

 DIED—In Jamaica Plain, Mass, Oct. 15th, Rev. JOHNDAVIS, aged 76, Since leaving his native State, NorthCarolina, where for many years he labored to elevatethese identified with him by complexion and condition, hehas occupied pulpits in Canada, Boston, and elsewhere.He was a member of the Baptist denomination. OHN AVIS 

 REBELLIOUS SPIRIT IN THE SOUTH. A letterof a recent date from a gentlemen in New Orleanscontains the following:— EBELLIOUS PIRIT OUTH. "I may say that I apprehend the reign of seceshis gradually reinstating itself here, and that NewEnglanders may, ere long, be left out in the cold." After stating threats that had been made in hispresence against Northern men, and that it was noplace for them in that city, he proceeds:— "I hope the President and Congress will so actas not to encourage this spirit to any great extent.I fear there is danger of running candidates intothe ground, and it may be that the only hope of usexcites is in the speedy arrival here of more of thesame sort. We shall need this sort of vegetation toabsorb and render harmless the assiduous gas andpotion of slavery and secession which begins to cloythe atmosphere. The Picayune, True Delta, and Crescent (the latterjust revived) are all edited and managed by menfrom the 'Confederacy,' and in full sympathy withthe spirit of rebellion. The cloven foot is alreadydisclosing itself even is the face and eyes of Gen.Canby. What it will be when the military ruleceases remains to be soon but I believe that unlessCongress sets its shoulder against the present tide,the spirit of the South, impatient for nobler game,will concentrate itself in hatred and every possibleproscription of the negro and his friends." Picayune, True Delta, and Crescent I 

 ☞ An informal Conference concerning, Peace will beheld on Tuesday, December 12th, at 10 o'clock, A.M., inRoom No. 4, 156 Washington street, Boston. Distinguishedfriends of the cause will be present, and all interestedto unite in an effort for the immediate abolition ofWar are cordially invited to attend. 

 A MIXED CASE—A WHITE AUNT AFTER ABLACK NIECE. A special dispatch to the CincinnattiGazette of the 20th inst., says:— IXED ASE HITE UNT AFTER A LACK IECE. Gazette "A girl nearly white visited the quarters of GeneralBrisbin and claimed military protection from heraunt, a white woman, who claimed her as a slave,and demanded that the girl should either pay fourhundred dollars for her freedom or return again tobondage. The girl is the daughter of the lady'sbrother, and has lived with her aunt, Mrs. X., forsixteen years July last. The girl whose name wewill call Sally. thinking she had worked long enoughfor Aunt X. without any pay came to this city obtaininga pass from General B., and has since continuedto live with her husband, who is hard-workingthrifty black man and provides his Sally witha good house and comfortable living. The auntclaimed Sally under the Mayor's proclamation as anegro slave and sought to return how to servitude.When the case came up before Gen. B. he decidedthat it was improper for relations to hold each otherin bondage and therefore advised Aunt X. to goin peace. She departed. Aunt X. say thank theworthy Mayor for this development of Southernchivalry. We learn that Hon. Garrett Davis field a petitionin the Bourbon Circuit Court against the KentuckySouthern Railroad, and Generals Brisbin and Palmer,claiming $10,000 in damages for carrying severalof his slaves out of the State under Palmer's andBrisbin's orders. This is to be a test case, and willlead to many more if permitted to progress." 

 THE publication of THE RASCAL was commenced inobedience to a recognized need for a popular Magazinewhich should be devoted to the discussion and presentationof the advanced religious convictions of the present time.The encouraging response which has already greeted thepublisher, from a large number of people, in all parts ofthe country, is the assurance that the publication was welltimed. HE ASCAL need THE RADSCAL is Magazine presenting the thoughts ofable and disinterested writers. It has no sectarian bias,but welcomes truth from whatever source it may come."It is," as a city journal has stated, "a Magazine for allpeople who are not too closely wedded to their own ideasto tolerate freedom of inquiring and earnest discussion." HE ADSCAL The following writes, among others, are engaged asregular or occasional contributors: Rev. John Weiss. Rev. SAMUEL JOHNSON AMUEL OHNSON Rev. D.A. WASSON. ASSON. Rev. ROBERT COLLYER. OBERT OLLYER. Rev. J.K. HOSHER. OSHER. Rev. JOHN W. CHADWICK. OHN HADWICK. Rev. JOHN SAVARY. OHN AVARY. Rev. EEVERETT FINLEY. EVERETT INLEY. Rev. Silas FARRINGSON. ARRINGSON. Rev. FRED. MAY HOLLAND. RED. AY OLLAND. C.K. WHIPPLE. HIPPLE. Rev. F.E. ABBOT. BBOT. MYRON R. BUNTON. YRON UNTON. Rev. D.H. MONTGOMERY. ONTGOMERY. Rev. J.C. LEARNED. EARNED. Rev. J.B. MARVIN. ARVIN. Rev. M.D. CONWAY. ONWAY. Rev. SAMUEL LONGFELLOW. AMUEL ONGFELLOW. Rev. EDWARD C. TOWNS. DWARD OWNS. HENRY JAMES. ENRY AMES. T.W. HEGGINSON. EGGINSON. Rev. O.B. FROTHINGHAM. ROTHINGHAM. Rev. W.H. FURNESS, D.D. URNESS S.K. MORSE, EDITOR. DITOR. TERMS: Single subscriptions, To Dollars a year. Singlecopies, 20 cents. United States bills preferred. ERMS Address, S.H. MORSE, at HAVERHILL, MASS. Send20 cents for specimen numbers. AVERHILL ASS. ONTENTS ECEMBER UMBER. 1. Real and Imaginary Authority, by Samuel Johnson. 2. Not in Word, by W.H. Furnass. 3. The True Light, (postry,) by J.K. Hosmer. 4. Be Men seed Salvation? by C.K. Whippis. 5. The Lord's Supper, by Daniel Bowen. 6. How I turned "Parkarite," by Fred. May Holland. 7. Ralightenments. 8. The Lost, thought (poetry). 9. England at the Grave of Palmerston, by M.D. Conway. 10. Letter from James Freeman Clarks. 11. "The Works of Epictetus"—Book Notice. The December number will be ready for sale in Bostonon Monday, 4th inst., by A. Williams &Co., 100 Washingtonstreet; by A.K. Loring, 310 Washington street;J.J. Dyer, 35 School street. Among the articles contained in back members are thefollowing: Holiness of Helpfulness, by Robert Collyer; Address,by R.W. Emerson; Deed and Free, by Samuel Johnson;Dr. Sears on Modern Naturalism, by D.A. Wasson; TheOld and New Religion, by Henry James; Review of Dr.Hedge, by John Woton. 

 ☞In happy contract with the arctic resolutionof the Episcopal Convention are the wormand outspoken utterances of one of the LutheranSynods, hold a few days since at Easton, Pa., in thewords following—to wit: Resolved, That as a Synod we deem it our dutyand privileges to record our deep and hearty gratitudeto Almighty God for the restoration of peaceto our beloved land in the sudden and completeoverthrow of the rebellion against which, in pastSynodical deliverance we have horne testimony Resolved, That we accept it as another illustrationof the retributive justice and judgment of God,that the iniquity of SLAVERY which lay at theroot of this rebellion has been smitten to extinction in the death of the rebellion, which had been wickedlyinaugurated in its interest and promotion. LAVERY has been smitten to extinction in the death of the rebellion, 

 FOR YOUNG LADIES. LEXINGTON, Mass. EXINGTON TWENTY superior Teachers, among when are THEODORED. WELD, formerly Principal, of the EagleswoodSchool, New Jersey, and I.N. CARLETON, formerlyat Phillips's Academy, Andover. Send for Catalogue and Circulars to Dr. Lewis. 

 ☞ The Vicksburg (Miss) Herald oppose theratification of the Constitutional Amendment abolishingslavery by the Legislature of that State onthe ground that by the amendment Congress willhave power to interfere in favor of the class thus releasedfrom bondage. The Nashville Press says: Herald Press "The cotton States will consent to ratify theConstitutional Amendment provided they can do itin such a way as to retain power to reestablishslavery after their delegations have been admittedinto Congress and they have obtained full controlover their local government. It is will not theyhave disclosed the cloven foot so early. The loyalStates will be on their guard and the administrationand Congress will thrust the insolent exoligarchsback to their proper places." 

 MADE by any one with $15—. We exnecessary. The Presidents,  and of three  the circular. Sent fivewith samples. Address the American Stewell  Works,Springfield, Vermont,       

 [From an article by Charles Sumner in the AtlanticMonthly for December.] AtlanticMonthly Two verses saved from the wreck of once popularpoem have become proverbs, and one of these isvery famous. They inculcate clemency, and thatcommon sense which is found in not running intoone, danger to avoid another. Never was their lessonmore needed than now, when, in the name ofclemency to belligerent traitors, the National Governmentis preparing to abandon the freedmen, towhom it is bound by the most sacred ties; is preparingto abandon the national creditor also, withwhose security the national welfare is indissolublyassociated; and is even preparing, without any probationor trial, to invest belligerent traitors, who forfour bloody years have murdered our fellow-citizens,with those Equal Rights in the Republic which aredenied to friends and allies, so that the former shallrule over the latter. Verily, here is a case for commonsense. The lesson of clemency is of perpetual obligation.Thanks to the mediaeva poet for teaching it.Harshness is bad. Cruelty is detestable. Evenjustice may relent at the prompting of mercy. Donot fail, then, to cultivate the grace of clemency.Perhaps no scene in history is more charming thanthat of Censor, who, after vows against an enemy,listened calmly to the appeal for pardon, and, as helicensed, let the guilty papers fall from his hand.Early in life, he had pleaded in the Senate for thelives of conspirators; and afterwards, when supremeruler of the Roman world, he practiced the clemency,he had once defended, unless where enemies wereincorrigible, and then he knew how to be stern andpositive. It is by example that we are instructed;and we may well learn from the great master of clemencythat the general welfare must not be sacrificedto this indulgence. And we may learn also from theDivine Teacher, that, even while forgiving enemies,there are Scribes and Pharisees who must be exposed,and money-changers who must be scourged from thetemple. But with us, there are Scribes and Pharisees,and there are also criminals, worse than anymoney-changers, who are now trying to establishthemselves in the very temple of our government. Cultivate clemency. But consider well what isembraced in this charity. It is not required thatyou should surrender the Republic into the hands ofpardoned criminals. It is not required that youshould surrender friends and allies to the tendermercies of these same pardoned criminals. Clearlynot. Clemency has its limitations; and when ittranscends these, it ceases to be a virtue, and is onlya mischievous indulgence. Of course, one of theselimitations, never to be disregarded, is the generalsecurity, which is the first duty of government. Nopardon can be allowed to imperil the nation; norcan any pardon be allowed to imperil those whohave a right to look to us for protection. Theremust be no vengeance upon enemies; but theremust be no sacrifice of friends. And here is thedistinction which cannot be forgotten. Nothing forvengeance; everything for justice. Follow this rule,and the Republic will be safe and glorious. Thuswrote Marcus Aurelius to his colleague and successorin empire, Lucius Verus. These words areworthy to be repeated now by the chief of the Republic:— generalsecurity Nothing forvengeance; everything for justice. "Ever since the Fates Placed me upon the throne, two aims have IKept fixed before my eyes; and they are those,—Not to revenge me on my enemies,And not to be ungrateful to my friends."    And not to be ungrateful to my friends. It is easy for the individual to forgive. It is easyalso for the Republic to be generous. But forgivenessof offences must not be a letter of license tocrime; it must not be a recognition of an ancienttyranny, and it must not be a stupendous ingratitude.There is a familiar saying, with the salt ofages, which is addressed to us new:—"Be just beforeyou are generous." Be just to all, before youare generous to the few. Be just to the millionsonly half rescued from oppression, before you aregenerous to their cruel taskmasters. Do not imitatethat precious character in the gallery of old Tallemantdo Reaux, of whom it was said, that he builtchurches without paying his debts. Our foremostduties now are to pay our debts, and these are twofold:—first, to the national freedmen; and, secondly,to the national creditor. only half rescued Apply these obvious principles practically. Achild can do it. No duty of clemency can justifyinjustice. Therefore, in exercising the beautifulpower of pardon at this moment in our country,several conditions must be observed. 1. As a general rule, belligerent traitors, whohave battled against the country, must not be permittedat once, without probation or trial, to resumetheir old places of trust and power. Such a concessionwould be clearly against every suggestion ofcommon sense, and President Johnson clearly saw itso, when, addressing his fellow-citizens of Tennessee,10th June, 1864, he said: "I say that traitors shouldtake a back seat in the work of restoration. Ifthere be but five thousand men in Tennessee loyalto the Constitution, loyal to freedom, loyal to justice,these true and faithful men should control thework of reorganization and reformation absolutely." at once 2. Especially are we bound, by every obligationof justice and by every sentiment of honor, to see toit that belligerent traitors, who have battled againsttheir country, are not allowed to rule the constantloyalists, whether white or black, embracing the recentfreedmen, who have been our friends and allies. 3. Let belligerent traitors be received slowly andcautiously back into the sovereignty of citizenship.It is better that they should wait than that the generalsecurity be imperiled, or our solemn obligations,whether to the national freedom or the nationalcreditor, be impaired. 4. Let pardons issue only on satisfactory assurancethat the applicant, who has been engaged for fouryears in murdering our fellow citizens, shall sustainthe Equal Rights, civil and political, of all men, accordingto the principles of the Declaration of Independence;that he shall pledge himself to the supportof the national debt; and, if he be among thelarge holders of land, that he shall set apart homesteadsfor all his freedmen. Following these simple rules, clemency will be aChristian virtue, and not a perilous folly. The other proverb has its voice also, saying plainly:Follow common sense, and do not, while escapingone danger, rush upon another. You are now escapingfrom the whirlpool of war, which has threatenedto absorb and engulf the Republic. Do not rushupon the opposite terror, where another shipwreckof a different kind awaits you, while Sirens temptwith their song of death Take warning: Seekingto escape from Charybdis, do not rush upon Scylla. Seekingto escape from Charybdis, do not rush upon Scylla. Alas! the Scylla on which our Republic is nowdriving is that old rock of concession and compromisewhich from the beginning of our history hasbeen a constant peril. It appeared in the conventionwhich framed the National Constitution, andever afterwards, from year to years, showed itself inCongress, until at last the Oligarchy, nursed by ourindulgence, rebelled. And now that the war isover, it is proposed to invest this same Rebel Oligarchywith a new lease of immense power, involvingthe control over loyal citizens, whose fidelity tothe Republic has been beyond question. Here, too,are Sirens, in the shape of belligerent traitors, suingsoftly that the Republic may be lured to the oldconcession and compromise. Alas! that, escapingfrom Charybdin, we should rush upon Seylla! concession and compromise Alas! that, escapingfrom Charybdin, we should rush upon Seylla! The old Oligarchy conducted all its operations inthe name of State Rights, and in this name it rebelled.And when the Republic sought to suppressthe Rebellion, it was replied, that a Statecould not be coerced. Now that the Rebellionis overthrown, and a just effort is made to obtainthat "security for the future" without which thewar will have oven in vain, the same city of StateRights is raised, and we are told again that aState cannot be coerced.—as if the same mightypower which directed armies upon the Rebellioncould be impotent to exact all needful safeguards.It was to overcome these pretensions, and stampE Pluribus Unum upon the Republic, that we battledin war; and now we surrender to these tyrannicalpretensions again. Escaping from war, werush upon the opposite peril,—at from Charybdis toScylla. E Pluribus Unum at from Charybdis toScylla. Again, we are told gravely, that the nationalpower which decreed emancipation cannot maintainit by assuring universal enfranchisement, because animperial government must be discountenanced,—asif the whole suggestion of "imperialism" or "centralism"were not out of place, until the nationalsecurity is established, and our debts, whether to thenational freedman or the national creditor, areplaced where they cannot be repudiated. A phantomis created, and, to avoid this phantom, we rushtowards concession and compromise, — as fromCharybdis to Scylla. as fromCharybdis to Scylla. Again, we are reminded that military power mustyield to the civil power and to the rights of self-government.Therefore, the Rebel States must beleft to themselves, each with full control over allwhether white or black, within its borders, and empoweredto keep alive a Black Code abhorrent tocivilization and dangerous to liberty. Here, again,we rush from one peril upon another. Every exerciseof military power is to be regretted, and yetthere are occasions when it cannot be avoided.War itself is the transcendent example of this power.But the transition from war to peace must be assuredby all possible safeguards. Civil power andself-government cannot be conceded to belligerentenemies until after the establishment of "securityfor the future." Such security is an indispensablesafeguard, without which there will be new disasterto the country. Therefore, in escaping from militarypower, care must be taken that we do not runupon the opposite danger,—as from Charyddis toScylla. as from Charyddis toScylla. Again, it is said solemnly, that "we must trusteach other"; which, being interpreted, means, thatthe Republic must proceed at once to trust the belligerentenemies who have for four years murderedour fellow citizens. Of course, this is only anotherform of concession. In trusting them, we give thempolitical power, including the license to oppress loyalpersons, whether white or black, and especially thefreedmen. For four years, we have met them inbattle; and now we rush to trust them, and to commitinto their keeping the happiness and well-beingof others. There is peril in trusting such an enemy,more even than in meeting him on the field. Godforbid that we rush now upon this peril.—as I amCharybdis to Scylla! as I amCharybdis to Scylla The true way is easy. Follow common sense.Seeking to avoid one peril, do not rush upon another.Consider how everything of worth or honor is boundup with the national security and the national faith;and that until these are fixed beyond change, agriculture,commerce, and industry of all kinds mustsuffer. Capital cannot stay where justice is denied.Emigration must avoid a land blasted by the spiritof caste. Cotton itself will refuse to grow until laboris assured its just reward. By natural consequence,that same Barbarism which has drenchedthe land in blood will continue to prevail, withwrong, outrage, and the insurrection of an oppressedrace; the national name will be dishonored, and thenational power will be weakened. But the way isplain to avoid these calamities. Follow commonsense and obtain guaranties commensurate with thedanger. Do this without delay, so that security andreconciliation may not be postponed. Every day'sdelay is a loss to the national wealth and an injuryto the national treasury. But if adequate guarantiescannot be obtained at once, then at least postponeall present surrender to the Oligarchy, trusting meanwhileto Providence for protection, and to time forthat awakened sense of justice and humanity whichmust in the end prevail. And, finally, take care not torush from Charybdis to Scylla. Follow commonsense and obtain guaranties commensurate with thedanger. postponeall present surrender to the Oligarchy take care not torush from Charybdis to Scylla. 

 Is an independent Republican ANTI-SLAVERY JOURNAL, Giving attention, also, is LITERATURE, ART andNEWS. Close observance will be had of the issues pertaining tothe settlement of the great civil contest. TERMS:  per annum. Subscriptions received forsix months. Speciman copies sent grate an applicanting. ERMS  CHARLES W. SLACK, EDITOR AND PUBLISHER, DITOR UBLISHER 5t 3  Street, Boston.  

 We print the greater part of an article with thistitle, in the New York Evening Post. The more thefacts come to light in regard to the recent insurrectionin that island, the more evident becomes the tyrannicalconduct of the planters, the culpable negligence of thehome government, and the absolute need of a thoroughchange in the laws and government of the island. Evening Post. "The recent disturbances in Jamaica do provethat the blacks, like the whites, will not always endureoppression; and, rightly regarded, the story ofJamaica since—and before—the liberation of theslaves, teaches an important lesson to us. Morethan four years ago, we pointed out the fatal mistakewhich was making in Jamaica. The condition ofthat island is in many respects similar to that of ourSouthern States. It is under populated; it haslarge quantities of uncultivated and cheap land; ithas a staple product, sugar, but is also capable ofproducing many other articles valuable in commerce.It has for more than half a century been under therule of a planting aristocracy, wasteful in their habits,idle, and selfish. This small class has shaped the policy of theisland; and that policy has ruined not only theisland, but themselves. This ruin they charge uponthe blacks but what are the facts of the case? During the ten years after emancipation, theblack and colored population of the island decreasedat the rate of 'nearly a half per cent.;' but beforeemancipation, under slavery, the annual decreasewas at the rate of two and a half per cent.! Manysugar estates have been abandoned since emancipation—true,but during the most prosperous sevenyears under slavery, over one hundred sugar estateswere abandoned; during the fifty years precedingemancipation, over two hundred of these estateswere deserted. Why? because of the wasteful livingof the proprietors, who ate up not merely theirprofits, but their capital. But free labor is said to be more costly than slavelabor. What are the facts? With slave labor, itcosts three cents in Cuba to produce a pound of sugar;it did cost four and thirty-seven-hundredthscents with slave labor in Jamaica; with free labor,in costs now but two cents per pound in Jamaica,but one and seventy-two one-hundredths in Trinidad,and but one and two-fifths in over-populatedBarbadoes. From the date of emancipation to this day—inall the English islands, more or less, but in particularin Jamaica—the planters have arrayed themselvesagainst the laboring class; holding the power intheir own hands, they have south in every waypossible to keep them in ignorance, poverty and dependence;in short, they have never changed fromthat aspect of enmity to labor, which is the naturalcondition of capital in a slaveholding community.If they had been wise men, equal to their great partin this drama, they would have seen their accountin fostering by all means the intelligence and industrioushabits of the freedmen. Instead of that, theyinvented as a first step the oppressive system knownas 'tenancy-al-until,' by which those who consentedto labor for them became at once serfs, little lessoppressed than when they were slaves. Under thispractice 'a laborer has a house and land allotmenton an estate, for which he pays a stipulated rent;but he is under an engagement besides, as a conditionof renting, to give to the estate a certain numberof days' labor, at certain stipulated wages, varyingfrom one-sixth to one-third less than the marketprice. The rate of wages for field labor is Barbadoesis about twenty-four cents per day but thelaborer, fettered by the system of tenancy at will,is compelled to work for his landlord at twenty centsper day. He is, therefore, virtually a slave; for ifhe resists the conditions of his bond, he is ejected bysummary process, and loses the profit he hoped toreap on his little stock.' enmity al-until Is it surprising that the negro, feeling himself forthe first time his own man; not unnaturally dislikingplantation labor, as reminding him of his formercondition, ('no inducement could bring a "colored"man to work on a sugar plantation' to this day,)and naturally anger to try on his liberty, should befatally repelled from the task which these aristocratspurposely made as hateful as possible to him? InBarbadoes, where of 106,000 acres 100,000 are cultivated,where land is worth $300 per acre, andwhere the proportion of the population to land is'nearly one and a half persons to each acre,' therascally 'tenancy-at-ill system still grinds thelaborer down. In Jamaica, which has but one personto eleven acres, the negro did what the whiteman would have done in his place—set up for himself.Fifty thousand able-bodied men were thusdriven from the plantations, and are now small proprietors;and it is a creditable fact, that they workedon the plantations till they had earned moneyenough to buy them a piece of land. Of course, it was the best men who were thus repelled,and we are not surprised that the state ofmorality among those who remain on the estates as'tenants-at-will' is infinitely lower than among theindependent farmers and tradesmen; marriagesfewer, births fewer, crimes more frequent, mortalitygreater, and intelligence and property less. Planters complain that they cannot get men towork steadily for them, and we admit that they havecause for this, the negroes taking certain times toattend to their own property, not unnaturally preferringthat to the planter's. But these men worksteadily on the roads—labor infinitely more severethan field work—in the mines, also more severe'and if you inquire of the overseer of the road, this isthe explanation: 'Well, you see that laborers on theroad are paid regularly once a week, while laborerson the estates often have to go two and three months,without their wages, and the men do not like that.Sometimes, too, they lose their pay altogether."Mr. Scwell, from hose 'Ordeal of Free Labor inthe British West Indies' most of our facts are taken,instances a case where twenty men were induced togo on an estate, thirty, miles off, by the promises ofthirty-six cents a day, 'worked three months without receiving any wages, and at the end of the timewere paid off at the rate of eighteen cants per day.' 'The planters themselves admit that they can alwaysget men to dig cane-holes—the severest plantationwork. But this is a definite and specie job.The negro contracts for the payment at so much moneyfor so many cane-hales, and if he does the work, hecannot be deprived of his due, except by open dishonesty.' Finally, in a population of 441,264, in 1862, only2,022 persons were allowed, in 1862, to vote at anelection for forty-two assemblyman to represent thetwenty-two parishes into which the island is divided.The result of this exclusion is, that the Assemblytwo years ago passed— —' an act which, under the pretense of punishing larcenies,would have introduced the apprentice systemagain into the island. All kinds of penalties have beenincreneed in severity, and punishable offences multiplied.Immigration Jaws for the benefit of the planter,which have entailed no end of debt on the island, havebeen passed very freely, and the negro has had to payhis share of the taxation imposed for an object intendedto displace his own labor and to reduce his wages. Apaltry sum of less than $3,000 a year is devoted to thepurposes of education, white upwards of $90,000 a yearare spent on salaries for local officials.' The end of all this is, as it must be, deplorable;the prosperity of the island has been fatally injured;the people are discontented; even the plantingclass, the authors of these evils have not been benefited.They have cut their own throats. Thestory of Jamaica ought to warn the leading men ofthe Southern States against the fatal mistake ofsupposing that any interest in a country can profitthe more intelligent, the more prosperous the massof men are, the more prosperous and secure will betheir leaders and chiefs. Instead of inventing laws to'keep the negroes down,' let the legislatures of theSouthern States provide schools to make them intelligent;let them encourage the blacks to livecomfortably, to wear good clothes, to read books, toacquire property. Let them arouses in the minds ofthe negroes the desire for all those things whichcivilized white men use; and with these newwants will arise the habits of persevering industryand economy. The blacks of the South numberover three million—suppose every one of them tospend twice as much, free, as it cost to keep him inoenaburgs and pork and hominy as a slave, will notSouthern commerce and manufactures be immenselybenefited? Suppose, by increased intelligence andindustry, they are enabled to produce twice asmuch, will not this immensely profit the wholecountry?" 

 GRACRANNA LEWIS will give Instruction in theNATURAL HISTORY or  to Schools and PrivateClasses of Ladies and Gentleman. ATURAL ISTORY  It is not istended, by these  merely to interestand assure the leartner but while them objects will behope in view, efforts will also be made to use the fratheredtribes in all their beauty and attractiveness, as a meansof affording an insight of the wonderful Order found inevery portion of creation.  The familiar Habits of Birds; their Manner of Flight;their Migrations; their Songs; their Guilding their Affections; their Notes and Eggs; their Plumage,with its exquisite colors and ornamentation; MicrosopicExaminations of the Down of the Young, and the GeneralStructure and Classification of Birds, will be treated of, aswell as the relations of Physical  to the Residencesof Birds; their Geographical Distribution, and their importanceto Agriculture.   Geology, in its  with Ornithelogy, will also beconsidered; and the position of the Chas of Birds in theProgressive Order of Crestion, so far as revealed byModern Soloemn, will be made appeared.  Many of the most beautiful or remarkable Birds of theWord will be noticed and their leastion in the Mussumof the Academy of Natural Science, Philadelphia   These  will be finely illustrated by numerous ElegantEngravings, and Specimens of the majority of ourcommon Song Birds may be soon by the Class during thecontinuance of the Course, while the subject will be furtherelucidated by Charts prepared for the purpose.  TERMS, for a Course of Six Lemons, $3.00 each. ERMS Liberal dodustion made to schools and classes of ever fiftypersons. There who desire  will address.  GRACRANNA LEWIS,Care of EDWARD South west earner of Eighth and South PHILADELPHIA. DWARD   HILADELPHIA. The undersigned have great pleasure in recommendingthe Lecture of Miss Greeman Lewis, as in all respectsworthy the confidence and encouragement of persons dispendto study Natural History, and especially Ornithology. JOHN CASSIN. Vice-President of the Academy of Natural Science, Philadelphia,adelphis, and author of "Birds of Caliternia andTaxes," &C., &C., &C. T.C. PORTER. President of Franklin Marshal College, Lancester, Pa. ISAAC P. TRIMELE, M.D., Author of "Inrest Enomies of Fruit and Fruit Trees,'and Entemlegist of the State Agricultural Society ofNow Joresy, Newark, N.J. VINCEST BARNARD, Kennet Square, Chester County, Pennsylvania. April 10th, 1865. The undersigned, who have enjoyed the pleasure ofGrassanna Lewis instruction on Oraithology deem it dueto her to testify to the interest with which the succeededin clothing the subject, and the clear and lusid methodadopted in her Lectures. We greatly desire that she mayfind a wide fold for her valumable and elevating instructions. DILLWYN  ILLWYN  HELEN LONOSTRETS. ELEN ONOSTRETS. ANN PARSTON, NN ARSTON MARTIN KIMBER ARTIN IMBER EDWARD TOWNSUND, DWARD OWNSUND J.G. HUNT M.D., UNT E.H. CLEVELAND, LEVELAND MARGARST J. BURLSON, ARGARST URLSON EDWARD PARRISN, DWARD ARRISN CALND S. HALLOWRE, ALND ALLOWRE R.M. DAVIS. AVIS. Philadelphia, 7th me., 1865. 

 The Liberator is now on its last quarter, prior to thefinal close of its publication. It is not only desirable,but necessary, therefore, that those who are indebtedto it should promptly remit what is due; as the expensesof the paper have been greatly increased, andits receipts lessened, during the present year; and asevery farthing will be needed—and more—is enableus to complete the volume. Liberator 

 ARE you sick, feeble and complaining? Are you out oforder, with your system deranged and your feelings uncomfortable?These symptoms are often the prulade to seriousillness. Some fit of sickness is creeping upon you andshould be averted by a timely use of the right remedy TaxesAyer's Pills, and cleanes out the disordered humors—purifythe blood, and let the fluids move on uncharactered is healthagain. They stimulate the functions of the body into Vigerousactivity, and purify the system from the obstructionswhich make disease. A cold settles somewhere is thebody, and deranges its natural functions. These, if notrelived, react upon themselves and the surrounding organsgans, producing general aggravation, suffering and corangement.While in this condition, take Ayer's Pills,and see how directly they restore the natural astorer ofthe system, and with it the buoyant feeling of healthagain. What is true and so apparent in this trives, andcommon complaint is also true in many of the deep-oratedand dangerous distempers. The same purgative effect expelsthem. Caused by similar obstructions and derangementsof the natural functions of the body, they are rapidlyand many of them surely cured by the same means.None who know the virtue of these Pills will neglectedemploy them when suffering from the disorders they cure,such as Headache, Foul Stomach, Dysentory, Bishes Complaints,Indigestion, Derangement of the Liver, ContivanessConstipation, Heartbura, Rheumation, DropayWorms and Suppression when taken in large   They are sugar-coated so that the most consitive cantake them easily, and they are surely the best purgativemedicine yet discovered. For the speedy and certain Cure of IntermittentFever, or Chills and Fever, Remittent FeverChill Fever, Dumb Ague, Periodical Headacho,or Bilious Headache, and Bilious Fevers indeed,for the whole class of diseases originatingin billiary derangement, caused by the malarsof miasmatic countries. This remedy has rarely failed to cure the severestcases of Chills and Fever, and it has this great advantageever other  medicines, that it subdnos the complaintwithout  to the patient. It contains no quiaine orother selecterious substance, nor does it produce quinism orany injurious effect whatever. Shaking brothers of thearmy and the West, try it, and you will themassertions.   Prepared by J.C. AYER &Co., Lawell, Mass., andsold by all druggists. Oct. 13 2m. 

 The last week of the present year will be in occasionof mixed emotions to that peculiar people,—nealous,we are sure, of good works,—the public ofTHE LIBERATOR. To most of its members, THELIBERATOR has been an important part of their morallife for many years. All of them have enrolled themselvesunder its banner from their hearts' desire toserve in the great cause in whose behalf it was firstunfolded. It has had no popular favor, no craftinessof adaptation to prevailing prejudices, no arts of meretriciousallurement to entire support. It has been followedand sustained, as it was first raised and carriedforward, in the strength of faith of great principles,and an earnest desire to remove mighty evils from theland through their might. They who joined themselvesmore than a generation of men ago to HE IBERATOR. HE IBERATOR "The youth who bore, through now and ice,The banner with a strange device,"  and they who have recruited the thinning ranks asdeath and desertion told upon them, had no more expectationof personal advantage, or even of suddenspecific success, than their lender. It was a cents ofduty to be done that inspired and supported the oneand the other. That leader, happier than the visionaryyouth of the poet, has survived all the hardshipsand exposure of the icy world he undertook to subdue,and has seen his banner planted on the Capitol,and his watchword the motto on the escutcheon, of hiscountry. He has finished his course with joy, and isreaping all the reward of victory which he ever wishedfor,—the sight of the trophies that tell that it is indeedwon. And all of us who have for so long lookedto his pennon in the heady currents of the hundredfights of this Thirty Years' War as our surest guide,even while we must needs miss the sight of it, maywell rejoice that it has not gone down in defeat, butis hung up for a monument of the victory which hascrowned its leading. This paper has had a singular, and, we might almostsay, a romantic history. We doubt whether it has a prattlein the annals of any reforming or revolutionarymovement. Established by one man, alone, withoutpecuniary resources of his own, and with no popularparty or rich society at his back, against the adviceof the men esteemed the best and wisest in their generation,to overthrow a system of iniquity which ralliedto its defense the passionate fanaticism of all thatwas ambitious or self-seeking or cowardly in the country,it has continued unto the end without swerving ahair's breadth from the line of conduct laid down forit at the beginning. and now ceases to be because, theand it proposed to itself being accomplished. its missionis finished. During the thirty-five years of itsexistence, begun in this solitude and poverty, and continuedin the face of the fiercest hatred and the bitterestscorn, it has gone forward without the omission ofa single number, its strength having ever been evenas its day. This was, of course, owing to the characterof its editor, which inspired confidence and attractedfriends and supporters who made themselvesone with him in his work, and were resolute that thefever with which he proposed to move the worldshould not fail for lack of ground on which to stand.This singleness of eye and heart which made him seeclearly above all his contemporaries the abominable andfatal nature of slavery, and the enthusiasm and entireself-devotion with which he gave himself and all hehad or was to the task of abolishing it, were preciselythe characterization to separate by an unerring magnetismfrom the mass of society the finer particles, anddraw them about him as the natural centre of theiraffinities. It is the old story of the progress of allrevolutions. The central idea, at first rejected of all,then accepted of the few, gradually spreads frommind to mind, until the passions and necessities andselfishness of men are compelled to obey its behests,oftentimes even in spite of themselves. THE LIBERATORwas the instrument with which the great revelationwhich is now happily accomplishing itself wasput in motion. This has never been denied by anyfriend or enemy to emancipation,—never, at least,while its success was doubted or dreaded. That successsecured, the revolution passed the point at whichthat first awoke the commotion in the elementsthat cleared the air hanging over this continent ofbreathe, may fifty and with dignity be laid aside ashaving answered the purpose of its being. HE IBERATOR Whenever in the course of events the fullness oftime had come when a great change is to take place inthe condition of a notice or of the world, that verystate of things creates or summons the man who is toinitiate the revolution. The revolution is not due tothe man. He could not refuse to obey the divine orhuman necessity which compelled him, perhaps reluctantlyto his office of leadership. But withouthim, the revolutions would have come to pace in anothershape and with different concomitants. The Reformationwould have occurred, had Luther never beenbors, and our Revolution, had James Otis died inhis cradle. So slavery would have been abolishedwithout Garrison. But in this instance, as in theseothers, Divine Providence, or the omnipotence of events,found or made the Man for the Hour. All themental and moral qualities of Mr. Garrison were preciselythese demanded by his task. A deeply religionsnature, without a shade of fanaticism, a clear perceptionof duty, and a devotion to its which never conceivedthe possibility of disobedience to its dictates,an enthusiasm that never flagged, tempered by apractical common sense that next to never made a mistake,a sagacity as to measures that was never atfault, and a penetration into men that was seldom deceivedat all, and never long, and above all an ablatesuperiority to the consequence of his course tohis safety, his reputation or his worldly conditionthere were among the essential qualities he possessedfor his work, and without which he could not havedone it. Added to these, his clearness of conceptionand forcible and logical expression whether by pen orvoice, the infinite variety of his treatment of thegreat theme which possessed him, but which he masteredbeyond and any living man, enforced by the weightof his character and the instinctive feeling of allwhom he addressed that he was himself the last objectin his own thoughts, all together made him theman of men to begin and promote the astonishingrevolution in the presences of which we stand, and theextent of which we are but beginning to discern. This truth is now generally acknowledged by allmen intelligent of the facts of the history of the lastthirty five years. Mr. Garrison has the race felicityof living not only to see the great work of his lifeaccomplished, but to enjoy the fame that should accompanygreat actions, but which is too often withheldheld by mankind from their benefactors until theyare beyond its reach. "There is nothing so successfulas success," and the amazing contrast betweenthe small beginnings of his movement against slaveryand the splendor of its ending is one to strike mostforcibly on the imagination. An obscure youthstanding up before a mighty nation and defying it tothe combat on this momentous quarrel, declaring—"I am in earnest! I will not equirecate; I will notexcuse; I will not retreat a single inch; and I WILL BEHEARD!"—and after a lifetime in fulfillment of hisvow, while yet in the full activity of life, seeing hiswork crowned by the act of the nation, and his partin it recognized by the most illustrious of its ChiefMagistrates, is one of those rare spectacles which appealto the universal human heart, and impress themselvesindelibly on the memory of mankind. We apprehendthat there is no living public man for whomthere is felt so sincere and so general a respect.This is largely and justly owing to his sagacious andstatesmanlike conduct daring the last Ave years. Hesaw the end from the beginning with a clearness ofvision vouchsafed to few of us. He was considerateof difficulties and patient of mistakes, through hisdiscerning of spirits, in circumstances which mademany of us almost despair. Though ready to criticizepublic men and their acts, when occasion calledfoe it, It was never in a factious or dogmatic spirit,and be was ready always rather to help than to hinderthem. His readiness, moreover, to perceivewhen his specific work was done, and to give wayto the new instrumentalities which the changed stateof affairs demanded, made it patent to all the worldthat his heart was centered in his cause and not inhimself. Justice to already done to his unselfish labors,and the sense of them will not grow less as timegoes on. The memory of mankind is impatient ofmany names. One or two is as many as it will usuallyconsent to connect indissolubly with the most beneficentof revolutions, and the name of Garrison cannever be separated from that which has struck thechains of slavery from the whites as well as theblacks of America. And those blacks are destined toincrease and multiply Into a great multitude whichno man can number. The affictions under whichthey now suffer, though grievous to be borne, willpass away and give place to equality before the lawand in the career of private prosperity and publichonors. In that future, when the cruel prejudices ofthe past and the present shall be bat the ball-doubtedtraditions of barbarism, Garrison must needs be thehero if the black race. Or, at least, he will dividetheir gratitude with but one name, whose beneficentglory eclipses every other in our history. In the history,the traditions, the songs of that mighty nation,the names of Lincoln and of Garrison will be foreverrevered as those of the Moses and the Aaron of thegreat Exodus of their race. I am in earnest! I will not equirecate; I will notexcuse; I will not retreat a single inch; and The approach of the dose of THE LIBERATOR seemsto make this imperfect tribute to the services of itseditor proper, while his absence from his past stakesit possible.—E.Q. HE IBERATOR 

 A DAY SCHOOL MONTHLY. THE VISITOR will commence volume with theJanuary number, 1865. This is the only Day SchoolPeriodical published of SEVENTY-FIVE CENTS AYEAR! ISITOR Magazine form, beautifully Now type, nowfeatures; Readings, Music, Speeches, Dialogues, Stories,Pussies, Eulgmas, Roburn, &C., from the very best writers. Music The Varron has the largest circulation of any EducationalJournal published. Now is the time to form clubs. The Publisher, in order to reach all parts of the country,will send the Viarron one year FREE, to one person whowill act as an agent) at any post-office in the United States. one year to one person Address with five cents for particulars. J.W. DAUGHADAY, Publishers, Chestant Street, Philadelphia. Publishers  ***  Exchanges  the above, and sending a marhodcopy, will receive the "Visitor" for one year.   Nov. 10. 

 We have been privileged to read a series of lettersfrom Edisto Island, S.C. written by Miss E.B.lady of Springfield, in this State, connected withearns of the best families in that city, a lady of educationand refinement, and who has been acting sincelast winter as a teacher in the schools on that islandestablished by the Freedmen's Aid Societies. None ofthese letters were written with any view to publication;but, having casually come to the knowledgeof them, we have sought and obtained leave topublish some extracts, which follow here. A moreparticular account than that given below of Gen. Howard'svisit to the Island, on his recent mission fromthe President to the freedmen, we have reason to expect,will appear from the earns hand, shortly. Thecircumstance, as we have hoard thorn related by thefriend to whom Miss B. wrote, were of the saddestkind. It being announced on the island tint Gen.Howard was coming to visit and speak to them, thefreed people, in great, numbers, men and women,assembled to) one of their churches, and a cavalcadeof eighteen of them, (oddly mounted enough,) rodeto the landing to meet him. He came with two ofkm staff, and also two of /be old (rebel) proprietors ofthe island. Major Whaley and Mr. Seabrook. Thevisitors entered an ambulance, but already the sight ofthe former rebel proprietors bad evidently awakenedterrible misgivings in the minds of the escort. Atthe church, by degrees the nature of the errand wasmade known.—with many expressions of regret, but,as was said, by order of the President. It was representedthat toads of other pardoned rebels had beenrestored, and the President wished to act by the samerule to all. It was wished to make some arrangement,which should be for the benefit of both parties,the former owners and the laborers, fair wages bringsecured to the latter, with schools. &C., and full protection.Much fleeing was manifested, and responses ofstrong dissent made. A vote was token, and a fewvoted to go to work for the old masters, and a fewagainst to,—the great body refusing to vole at all, butseaming borne down by grief and indignation. Gen.Howard appeared much affected, and said nothingwould be decided until their wishes were fully known.One of the rebels, (Maj. W.,) at Gen. He respect,addressed a few words to his old staves and the others.It was represented that be had been a hard master,leaving his stoves to the ass my of a meet mercilessoverseer. No agreement or settlement was had atthat time. We add, as we have stready before expressed ourselvenin these columns, that we most solemnly trustthe American Government will never settle this questionagainst the freed people, to whom these lands wereassigned by Gen. Sherman, and which they have cultivatedand pssessed ever since. This country canbear a great deal of taxation, and of injustice from foreigncountries, and of treachery from rebels, &C., hasit is not strong enough to bear the ignominy of breakingfaith with those simple, confiding people. Evenit it have "promised in its less," let it "make itspromise good."—M. never EDISTO ISLAND, June 26, 1865. DISTO SLAND "Our life here is of course very different from that athome, or anything I have ever before experience, butit has already become very interesting to me. Livingalmost entirely without any white society, we havebecome so accustomed to the colored people thatit does not seem strange now to associate dailywith them, and I have entirely lost all repugnance tothem on account of their color, which at first I couldnot help feeling. * * * * * * The childrenshow quite as much capacity as white children, andyou would be surprised to see how quick some ofthem are. All the children of the house where welive attend our school, except little Margie, who is tooyoung. George, the eldest, is reading such words as,"Jane, the rose bush you gave me in full of buds,"&C., and does not need to spell the words as he goesalong, but spells all without the book. He is aboutsixteen, and when he came here [but a few weeks beforewas ignorant of any alphabet. Zach, the next,of fourteen, to a little behind him, as he is more of fullof play; but he is quick and is now growing ambitious.Ann, about ten, is the brightest of all, and comprehendsthe minute we explain to her. Then followsBen., about four and a half, and he can tell all his lettersand is beginning to put them together. He is acomical child, and makes very shrewd remarks. * * Imade a bandage for a woman who was suffering dreadfullyfrom an internal trouble, and she came to me abouta week ago, looking like a different person. Her facehad lost its look of painful misery, and she expressedso much gratitude to us that I felt as if I was repaidfor coming here, if I reaped no other reward than tofeel I had done her so much good. It was a littlething to do, but has afforded her great relief. * * I can hardly realize that we are living in the midstof a people who have so lately been slaves, and beenso suddenly thrown into freedom. For everythingis as quiet and orderly as if they had always been accustomedto it, and they take care of themselves asreadily and handily as if they were always free. Theircrops are large, and beautifully cared for, and theywork indefatigably at them, resting only in the hottestpart of the day, when the heat of the sun is toointense for any known being to work, but in whichthey were formerly compelled to toil. In every instancein which we have conversed with them,—andwe take every opportunity to do so—they expressthe greatest joy for their freedom, and feel it is thegreatest been possible, and always end by blessing theLord for it. They feel that the Yankees have beentheir good friends, and that President Lincoln didmuch for them. They all say they knew of the EmancipationProclamation before it came, but began tofear the good time would never come in their day. "Itwas so hard waiting," they say. One of their hymnsends, every verse, like this,—"Nobody knows thetrouble I see, nobody but Jesus,"—and sometimes,"Nobody but God;" and Sarah, our woman, oftensays, "Nobody but God knows what we have all suffered." In a letter dated August 29, she speaks of the valueof the cotton crop on Edisto Island as being over$100,000, if no injury came to it; but already theworm, (which attacks the cotton in puite raiy seasos,had appeared, and anxiety was beginning to be felt."We have picked some of it in the bolls, and we aregoing to have some rice, which is now commencingto ripen. There is but a small quantity raised inthis iland, but in Johossee, just above, a large quantityis grown. It is Gov. Aiken's old plantation, anda very large one, covering the whole island, and it isfeared he may regain it. Many of his old slaves arethere, and they declare they will all leave if he comesback. * * * "Our acquaintance with Mr. A. [Superintendentof Freedmen] is a very pleasant one; he has shownur much kindness, and we feel new courage for ourundertaking. No liquor to allowed to be broughthere. Mr. A. to very strict upon that point, and enforcesthe rule. Tea and sugar are given only incases of sickness. * * * Stout men and womenwill go out early la the morning to work in the fieldswithout a mouthful to eat, and come in at ten o'clock,and eat nothing but hominy or a corn-meal cake, andthen lie down and sleep on the piazza till afternoon,when they go out again, and eat another meal of thesame kind when they return at night. And this theydo, day after day. They seem to be strong enough,till sickness comes, which prostrates them at once,and they die with fevers, after a day or two of illness.But Mr. A. says there have been but few deaths inproportion to the population, when it is consideredthat many here came from the interior, and are notacclimated. * * * Lately, there have been newregulations made about their marriages, and therehave been some serious quarrels in consequence. Oneman came here on Sunday to see Mr. A. who hadtwo women claiming him; and they had fought himand each other, and he wanted 'the fuss settled.'Mr. A. referred him to the three Commissioners,black men, who settle all seen cases." "EDISTO ISLAND, Oct. 26, 1865. DISTO SLAND "We are fast getting settled in our new house,which we find very pleasant, and shall commence ourwinter school on Monday. The season has been verylate, and sickness upon the island so severe, that wedid not dare to move earlier. Now we have beenobliged to have a thorough scouring of the school-room,in which several people have died. * * Wehave received a call from Misses S. and K. since wecame here, and they report their school is a flourishingcondition. We ere daily expecting the advent ofeight more teachers. "I wrote to mother a long account of Gen. Howard'svisit to this island, which is deeply interestingto us, as affecting the vital welfare of these people.The feeling of reluctance to work for their formerowners still continues among them, and they declarethey will never do it They have held several meetings,and draw up a petition to the President, whichto very well expressed, but in their peculiar manner.Mr. A. has it to revise and correct, and I intend tocopy it. It was written by one of their number, andof course the spelling needs much correction. I donot believe they will ever submit to work for the rebelsagain, and they say they will leave the island first.We have talked with several,—among others, withold J., who was formerly a slave belonging to Mr.Wescote. He said, If he worked for any of them, hewould prefer his old master, who was always kind tohim, but he would not work for any of them,—hedid not want to see them, they were not to be trusted.Some of their arguments are quite remarkable. Icannot blame see for feeling as they do, or say aword against it. I feel that the Government will beguilty of lying to them, if it returns these lands tothe old rebel owners. I am ashamed of the vacillatingand weak course of the Government. One womansaid to me, 'The rebels will laugh at the Yankeesnow.' I don't think it was very wise in Gen. Howardto bring those two rebels here with him, [Whaleyand Seabrook, ,former proprietors,] and I don't believetheir necks would have been safe, but for hisprotection. The feeling of indignation grown strongerevery day. * * But this question of the lands isnot yet decided. I see that all the papers state, thatthe Bureau of Freedom is a short lived one,—tocease very soon; but Gen. Howard made a greatpoint here of the freed people always having a friendin it, and in its head, which be at present represents.What protection will they have, when that ceases?If the Government has deceived them in one thing,will it not again, and how can they trust it? This isour great anxiety and chief topic of conversation, andI cannot avoid it in my letters. "Mr. A. thinks the cotton crop very fair, takinginto consideration the sickness, and lateness of theseason when a large proportion of the people camehere. The portion of the island nearest the bay isalmost entirely self-supporting, —very few of the peoplehaving drawn rations from Government. Manyof them have laid up money, own horses and wagonsand hours. This side of the island is very poor;there has been fearful mortality, and the crops havefallen short for want of care, because of sickness.Another year would put their capacities to the trustwith much more correctness. Even new, people arrivehere, just escaped from rebel masters, and destituteof everything. One master, who professed tobe for the Union, hired some of his former slaves,promising them a portion of the crop. Now he hasturned them away without giving them anything, andthey arrived here a few days since, sick and starving,without anything. Mr. A. has done everything hecould to relieve their wants, but Government allowsno rations now, and it is difficult to got anything forthem." 

 MADAME CARTEAUX BANNISTER WOULD inform the public that she has removed from223 Washington Street, to No. 31 WINTER STREET, where she will attend to all disease of the Hair. She is sure to cure in nine ones out of ten, as she hasfor many years made the hair her study, and is sure thereare none to excel her in producing a now growth of hair. Here Restorative differs from that of any one else, beingmade from, the rests and herbs of the forest. She Champoos with a bark which does not grow in thiscountry, and which is highly beneficial to the hair beforeusing the Restorative, and will prevent the hair fromturning grey. She also has another for restoring grey hair to its naturalcolor in nearly all cases. She is not afraid to speak ofher Restorative in any part of the world, as they are usedin every city in the country. They are also packed for hercustomers to take to Europe with them, enough to last twoor three years, as they often say they can get nothingalready like them. MADAMS CAETRAUX BANNISTER, No. 31 Winter Street, Boston. 

 "THE AMERICAN WAR: Facts and Fallacies. ASpeech, delivered by Handel Cosehom, Esq. at theBroadmend Rooms, Bristol, [England,] on Friday,February 12th, 1864. New York: 1865." —pp.24.Mr. Cossham—one of a party of English gentlemen HE MERICAN AR who have lately been traveling in this country forcommercial and other purposes—has complied withthe request of same American friends by printing thespeech which he delivered (as above) in England,white the slaveholder's rebellion was yet pending. Hegave a neat and effective reply to the allegation thencurrently made among his countrymen against theUnited States Government, and the course of theNorth, and proved himself truly our friend when somany Englishmen turned against us. "YOUTH'S CASKET AND PLAYNATE. A Magazinefor Boys and Girls: Edited by Mark Forrester. October,1865. William Guild &Company, 33 SchoolStreet, Boston, Mass."—pp. 40. OUTH'S ASKET LAYNATE. This well-conducted juvenile Monthly has now enteredupon its twelfth year. It seems prosperous anddeserves prosperity. THE SOUTH CAROLINA LEADGE, Allen Coffin, Editor,is a lively and spirited paper recently establishedin Charleston. It takes a vigorous stand in behalfof the rights of colored men, and makes good suggestionsin regard to the reconstruction of the South.It is to be devoted to the interests of "Free Laborand General Reform." HE OUTH AROLINA EADGE "THE FREEDMEN'S RECORD. Boston. (No. 8, StudioBuilding,) November, 1865." HE REEDMEN'S ECORD. "THE FREEDMEN'S BULLETIN. Chicago, November,1865." HE REEDMEN'S ULLETIN. These two monthly publications, representatives ofSocieties laboring in aid of the freed people of theSouth, state the facts most important to be knownrespecting their condition and prospects, and presentthe claims which these facts make on the benevolenceand justice of the Northern people. "SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL CATALOGUE and Reportof the New England Medical Collage. Boston:1865." —pp. 23. EVENTEENTH NNUAL ATALOGUE This Report, which is to be had gratuitously at theCollage, No. 30, Canton St., contains lists of theTrustees, the Faculty, the Students and Graduates of1865, and all the graduates since the commencementof the institution. The Report of the Secretary, Dr.Gregory, sketches the history of the Collage than for,and announces that it is proposed at once to commonthe raising of a building fund of $100,000. HARPER'S MONTHLY for December contain the followingarticles"— ARPER'S ONTHLY Making the Magazine; A Common Story; TheRoyal Portraits; First and Last; A Rerospect;Names of Men; Sally's Disappointment; AspirationsArmadale—by Wilkis Collins; Our Thanksgiving;Death; Our Mutual Friend — By CharlesDickens; At Christian Time; A Village in Massachusetts;Happy and Unhappy Marriages; Editor'sEasy Chair; Monthly Record of Current Events;Editor's Drawer. This is a good number of Harper. Its articles aregood and its illustrations excellent, especially there tothe first article, descriptive of the immense buildingin which the Magazine is made, and the various departmentsof labor which it involves. Dickens's tale,"Our Mutual Friend," in finished in this number,which is for sale by A. Williams &Co., 100 Washingtonstreet. The ATLANTIC MONTHLY for December gives usan attractive table of contents, as follows: TLANTIC ONTHLY Griffith Gaunt —or, Jealousy; The Parting of Hectorand Andromache; William Blackwood; TheChimney Corner; The Forge; King James the First;The Sleeper; Doctor Johns; Books for our Children;Dioo To De; Mode of Catching Jelly-Fishes; AdelableAnne Proctor; Beyond; Clemency and CommonSense; Reviews and Literary Notices. "King James the First" is a spirited and charmingsketch, by Gail Hamilton, of one of those young rulersof the Household, whose commands every subject ofthat narrow realm delights to obey. She does notfind "total depravity" in little Jamie. In his presence,it is a doctrine hard to be understood. "Honestlyspeaking, he does not appear to have any more depravitythan is good for him — just enough to makehim piquant, to give him a relish." Fathers andmothers, uncles and aunts, will enjoy reading this article. "Clemency and Common Sense" consists of twoparts; a curiosity of literature and a moral. Its author,Charles Sumner, gives in the first a narrativewell suited to interest the lovers of old, race andcurious books; and, drawing a lesson for the presenttime from the popular proverb which he has traced toits home in a forgotten Latin author, he depicts withskill and power the dangers that beset our coming reconstruction.The latter portion of this fine articlemay be seen in another column. The November number of the CHRISTIAN Examiner contains the following articles :— HRISTIAN I. Mill's Review of Hamilton; II. Palgrave's Arabia;III. Dr. Newman's Apologia; IV. Pioneers ofFrance in the New World; V. English Colleges andSchools; VI. The President's Reconstruction; VII.Review of Current Literature. All these are interesting articles, and most of themexcellent, making an exceedingly favorable specimenof the work. The political article, however, the onethat most needed strength and vigor, seems lacking insoundness. Its author's view of "The President's Reconstruction,"and of the present state of our countrygenerally, seems much more rose-colored then existingfacts will warrant. This writer congratulates us prematurelyon a cessation of "the period of violent crimes,to which we were reconciling ourselves as we might, afew months ago, as the necessary brood of war, andthe inevitable train of a disbanded army." Crimes ofviolence are more numerous among as then ever before,and are increasing rather than diminishing.Highway robbery, complicated with the hideous crimeof "garroting," and with the infliction of brutal personalviolence after the robbery, is common in andaround Boston. Neither men nor women are safe inour streets. The end of the war is nor yet. As little fitting is it to say that "the present Administrationstands with a clean, an honorable, aglorious record." While a large proportion of thefour millions of Southern blacks are left in distressinguncertainly as to their future, having no land by thecultivation of which to support themselves, knowingthat they will be cheated if they take employmentwith their old master on the promise of future payment,seeing the effort all over the South to residentthe "black code belonging to slavery, even afterslavery itself is abolished, and vexed with variousand country rumors in regard to their future, withoutthe power of assuring themselves which is trueand which false—under these circumstances, I say,honor, justice, humanity and wise policy agree in demandingthat the head of the nation shall directly addressthese poor people, casting upon their darknesssame ray of light as to the course which they shouldpursue, assuring them of some relation which theGovernment and the officers of law are henceforthto hold to them, and directing them to some methodof redress for undeniable wrongs and injuries. Untilthis shall be done, the Administration will not standwith "a clean, an honorable, a glorious record."  directly address not The Christian Examiner (much to the discredit ofBoston Unitarians) is now to go to New York for anEditor and a Publisher. Rev. Henry W. Bellows,D.D., will assume the former function, and JamesMiller, 522 Broadway, the latter. What effect thesechanges will have on the character and vitality of thework remains to be seen. The Christian Examiner "THE RADICAL: A Monthly Magazine, devoted toReligion. No. 111, November, 1865. Boston: Forsale by A. Williams &Co., 100 Washington St., A.K. Loring, 319 Washington St., J.J. Dyer, 35School Street. New York: David G. Francis, 305Broadway. Price, 20 cents." HE ADICAL Is this number, as in its two predecessors, The Radicalgives the most advanced religious thought of thepresent age. It avoids alike Scylla and Charybdis,being free both from superstition on one hand, andfrom religious indifference on the other. True to itsname, it goes to the root of the matters with which itundertakes to deal, welcoming the deepest thoughtand the keenest analysis that can be applied to them.Its editor seems disposed not to shrink from the workof unveiling shan's and relating falsehoods. Buthas sort it not merely, nor chiefly, a negative one.He teaches essential religious truth, instating on theFatherhood of God, the Brotherhood of men, and theinference in regard to the friendly cooperation of humanbeing which necessarily flow from these. Letthe public give a serious hearing to this now claim onits attention; and let all who desire the diffusion ofradical truth read the Editor's words on the third pageof the cover, and act in accordance with them. The Radical For the Table of Contents, the Hat of Contributors,the terms of subscription, &C. &C., see the advertisement,in another column.—C.K.W. HUMEOROUS POEMS, by OLIVER WENDELL HOLMESMessrs. Tickner &Fields have added these piquantpieces of Dr. Holmes's to their series of "CompanionPoets for the People," and have illustrated several ofthem quaintly and funnily. Among these, we maymention the illustration of the first piece in the Look,"The Ballad of the Oysterman." That ballad is afavorite among a circle of (shall we say!) boys weknow, and we imagine the special pleasure they willfeel in seeing it illustrated. We had often tried torise (or descend) to a correct notion of that submarinesyster shop, but were never able to get more than anindistinct vision, until now.—M. UMEOROUS OEMS LIVER ENDELL OLMES boys 

 TWO founts of Long Primer, of about 300 pounds each,one somewhat were, the other quite good, and smallfounts of Minion and Small Pica, are for sale at this office,very law, for each. Also, imposing stones, sticks, ,&C.—the usual material of a newspaper office. very law  

 MR. GARRISON,—In a recent number of the Libertor,a paragraph was copied from the Commonwealth,which stated that a lady residing in Florence, an artistand a Bostonian, had refused to receive Miss EdmonisLewis, and returned the letter of introductionwhich had been sent by the lady's sister. The explanationis as follows. There are two houses onLung 'Arno, of the same number; the letter was sentto the wrong place, and unceremoniously returned toMiss Lewis. The lady addressed was entirely unawareof the whole matter until she received a letterfrom Boston, requesting an explanation of the reportcirculated here. A most kind and generous note wasinstantly written by the lady to Miss Lewis, explainingthe Mistake, and assuring her that the letter of introductionhad never reached its destination, offering toMiss Lewis every attention, artistic and social, andwelcoming her cordially. R. ARRISON Libertor Commonwealth 

 "To Congress we must look as the guardian under theConstitution of the national safety."—CHARLES SUMNER. HARLES UMNER. Yes, Head of the nation! from almost despairing,From doubts and from dread that the strongest heartschill,From the old slumbering arts, with their wily ensnaringWe turn to you, Voice of a Free People's Will!    There is but one question, for thought as for feeling,The same that the cannon-shot answered so well;Is Lothe again o'er our drowry powers stealing?Your unresting vigor must master the spell.    No fast-held for traitors—no matter what guisesMake comely the features they turn to your view;No matter how plausible sound their devices—You rebuild but on the Eternally True! No fast-held for traitors    You rebuild but on the Eternally True! That stone the first builders so madly rejectedMust be of our Temple the chief corner-stone;That primal formation, long spurned or neglected,The granite of Justice our basis alone.    Then rear the bread structure, with columns and archesAnd dome reaching up to the star-brooding blue;'Tis Humanity's Zion—in far fainting marchesThe sight of that dome shall its spent powers renew.    Room, room in its courts for the wronged of each nation,But first for that race whose blood comments its walls;Two conditions alone—loyal hearts, education—Ere Freedom her sons to their nobles work calls.    AMERICAN CITIZEN! Henceforth, forever,That name be the noblest the moving world knows;Bought and sold for the base ends again? Never, O, NEVER,While memory's light o'er our history glows. MERICAN ITIZEN   EVER  Yes, Head of our Nation, no more of despairing,No more doubt and dread shall the patriot heart chill—No more the old arts shall have power for ensnaring,If you are but true to a Free People's Will!    If you are but true to a Free People's Will! Boston, Nov., 1865. ALMIRA SEYMOUR. LMIRA EYMOUR. 

 NASHVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 15, 1865. ASHVILLE WM. LLOYD GARRISON: M. LOYD ARRISON DEAR SIR,— I have the honor to inform you thatthe officers of the 13th Regiment U.S. Colored Infantry,and 500 enlisted men of the some, have formedas Association, called "The Kansas Homestead ColonizationAssociation," the object of which is to takehomesteads together, in some county in Kansas, wherewe can have homes. It is a well-known fact, thatthere is not in the slave States a place where a dischargescolored soldier can go and he safe; and in orderto sustain our men on their homsteads, we willneed some help by subscription the first year, andshould we not be able to attain this, we propose tobuy our farming implements, &C. &C., on credit ThisRegiment has been in service sloes August, 1863;I myself since the breaking out of the rebellion. Wehave lost nearly two hundred of our men killed deedin action since the organization of the Regiment. EAR IR Should our plan meet with your approbation, andif in your power, will you help us? With highest consideration, Yours, very respectfully. L.S. HART. 1st Lt. 13th U.S.C.I., and Sec. K.H.C.A.Address, Box 242, Nashville, Tenn. Reference, Hon. J.M. ASHLEY, M.C., Washington,D.C. SHLEY 

 O Ruler of the waning year!How calm, while summer lingers here,Is thine enchanted sleep!When murmuring woods are full of songs,And all green leaves are whispering tongues,And fields grow rich and deep:      Till wakened by the shrilling soundOf the sharp saythe along the ground,Through Nature's flowering heart;Or shouts of jocund harvest-home,That down the echoing valleys came,From laughing hills apart.      How calm a splendor over liesWithin thy royal waking eyes,O wondrous Autumn time!Like the glory round a good man's headWhen angels 'light about his bed,And waken thoughts sublime.      And who could dream that you sweet lightWere herald of the year's dark night,And north wind's stormy breath—That all these tints of red and gold,Burning through every starry fold,Were signs of Nature's death!      Ah, me! thy coming stirs the sense,At every portal calling thenceThe troops of awe and fear.We think perforce of days gone by,And days that all as swiftly fly—Knowing thine errand here.      thine We cannot with the swallow flee,And shun the gloomy days that beSo full of winter snow;We pass into our Orient landAcross dark seas, where some bright handCalls from the deeps below.    our   Thou art the gloomy spirit of allThe wondrous years that rise and fallWithin the glass of Time:Thou wert in fair Creation's bound,When first the child-like earth swung round,Exulting in her prime.      Born when the black pine crowned the hillsAnd violets pierced the soil that fillsThe elm tree's rugged spurs:When wore the thorn her snow-white crown,And chestnut spires fall softly downAmong the golden furse.      Still thy dread pinions, as of old,The sylvan hills and vales enfeldO'er all the spreading land;And earth's sweet face, once bright, and mildAs the fair forehead of a child,Is seared as with a brand;      And still Man's conscious spirit feels,While far and wide the east wind peals,'Tis God Almighty's breath;(While as in prayer all heaven in bowed)O'er hill and valley blowing loud,The Autumn-blast of Death.      Westby Gibson. 

 ☞ We hear from New York State that SallieHolley is holding interesting and successful meetingsin Tompkins Co. and its vicinity. Her subject is—"Justice to the Freedom." The Dryden WeeklyNews speaks of the earnestness, eloquence and pathsof her address in the Presbyterian Church inthat place, and urges a full attendance on her cubesquest meetings. Weekly 

 BY EDWARD P. NOWELL. [Copies of the following Hymn of Praise for choir andcongregational use on our National Thanksgiving can behad at cost (75 cents per hundred, set to familiar music)of J.P. MAGEE, 5 Cornhill, Boston, or by addressing P.O.Box 814, Portsmouth, N.H.] AGEE Praise the Lord, O, ransomed nation!Praise Him all, from sea to sea;He hath built a firm foundation,E'en the rock of Liberty!Futile was our best endeavor,Till we turned from wrong to right;Gloom had shrouded us forever,But for Heaven's redeeming night!        Then with paeans sing God's praises,Now and through all coming time;Love which manhood's standard raisesMerits gratitude sublime!Hope and Trust at length victoriousOver trembling Doubt and Fear,Call for rapture, holy, glorious,Living faith, and constant cheer.        Infinite Jehevah! aid us,While we in thy favor stand,To remember Thou hast made usA regenerated land!And while time shall with us linger,May we love the Just and Right,—Seeing Freedom's guiding fingerPointing to eternal light!        

 Broadcast thy seed!Although some portion may be foundTo fall on un groundWhere sand, or shard, or stone may stayIts coming into light of day;Or when it comes, some pestilent sirMay make it droop and wither there—Do not discouraged; some will findCongenial soil and gentle wind,Refreshing dew, and ripening shower,To bring it into bou flower;From flower to fruit, to glad thine eyes,And fill thy soul with sweet surprise.Do good, and God will bless thy deed—Broadcast thy seed.                 — Journal.  Journal.  

 True Progress, in its varied stages,Will much depend on Work and Wages;For crafty fraud and speculationExalteth not a man or nation;This truth will stand when empires fall:THE GOOD OF ALL.     HE OOD LL. 

 I wish to state some thoughts suggested by a Discourseof Rev. Robert Collyer, entitled "The Holineesof Helpfulness." As this discourse has been deliveredin several places, and printed in The Radical andelsewhere, many of the readers of the Liberator haveprobably read or heard it. For these who have notmet with it, I shall sufficiently describe the parts uponwhich I wish to comment. The Radical Liberator The meaning and purpose of this discourse are wellexpressed in its title—"The Holiness of Helpfulness."The author teacher that our great business in thisworld is to help, (of course taking care not to hinder);that he who does this accomplishes the chief purposefor which he was placed here by the Creator; andthat leading a life of helpfulness entitles him to bereckoned a religious man in this world, and to receive"salvation" in the next. religious Taking the eminently useful life of George Stephenson,the father of the Railroad system, as an illustrativespecimen, Mr. Collyer compares or contrastit with the life of one of the representative of theChurch ides, namely —one who has spent a long lifein evil courses, but who, six months, or six weeks, orsix days before his death, had repented of his sin, leda good and pure life, adopted religious ideas like thosecommonly held, said clearly that he believed Godhad pardoned his sin, and would take him to heaven.Admitting the Church's claim of salvation foe thelatter, (though on a ground entirely different,) Mr.Collyer claims the religion character, and the salvationbelonging to it, also for the former, and representsStephenson as presenting his locomotive before thethrone of God as his title to salvation, and God asaccepting it. The right to make this new claim, while acquiescingin the claims previously made, seems to be placed byMr. Collyer on the ground that religion is a vast, aboundless thing, that the views of it taken by othersystems (however correct as far as they go) do notexhaust it, and that Stephenson's right to be shelteredunder its wing is as clear as that of the Church'srepentant sinner. Mr. Collyer is so thoroughly a liberalChristian, that he admits the claim of all existingchurches to be representatives, to some extent, ofChristianity in spite of their diametrical differencefrom him and from each other. liberal all Mr. Collyer, though not defining religion, assumeseverywhere that it is helpfulness, or that helpfulnessis synonymous with it, but if he is correct in this, heis wrong in representing the popular churches as correctteachers of religion, since they take a ground notmerely different, but opposite. They teach that, whateverexcellent uses helpfulness may serve, it is notreligion, and that religion is something of an entirelydifferent character. The salvation which they allotto their repentant sinner is not inn the least on the scoreof a final fragment of his life spent in good or helpfulworks, but on a ground utterly and essentiallydifferent. They accuse Mr. Collyer as heretical, theteacher of "another gospel," not from ill-well, butbecause their system absolutely requires them to doso. The liberality, therefore, which prompts him to recognizethe representatives of these diverse sects assound religious teachers, is more like good-maturedweakness then strict adherence to truth. If his systemis the tight one, theirs is not the opposite systemcontains, but it will not ignore the difference betweenopposites. not Mr. Collyer gives a good general rule as to connectionwith the church, (on the whole, the best that canbe given,) namely, go to that one which helps you.And yet even this rule will not lead the majority of menin a right direction, since their minds have been poisoned,from childhood, with an utterly wrong and falseidea of what their spiritual need is, and what theirtrue spiritual help should be. The Church has taughtthem, from their earliest years, that their chief need isto escape from hell, and that the only way of escapeis found in acceptance of its terms. Of course, in acceptingthose terms, the sinner feels a vivid sense ofrelief and aid. Of course, those who join the OrthodoxChurch, and those who are confirmed by the EpiscopalBishop, and those who receive absolution fromthe Catholic priest, all feel themselves helped in themost essential manner. They have obtained salvation.But salvation is recognized as help only througha previous of it; and the persons who obtain help inthis way do no learn from their spiritual advisersthe great lesson that Mr. Collyer teaches, of helpfulnessto others as the predominant duty. These Churchespoint towards their first duty in an entirely differentdirection. helps helped Mr. Collyer taught his sick soldier that God, theFather of all, is the Father of each of is after deathjust as much as before it, and may confidently be lookedto with that anticipation. But most of the churchesthat Mr. Collyer has enumerated as good and helpfulteach precisely the opposite. God, according to them,is to be the enemy, throughout eternity, of these whodo not, before death, accept their terms. Is it wise, isit right, believing as he does, to send men to suchsources for help? after deathjust as much as before it The ground upon which Mr. Collyer claims "salvation"for Stephenson leads us to another difficulty.How many people are there who, not possessing theChurch's certificate of admission to heaven, can showa life of eminent usefulness by way of claim to it?Few of us have been so "helpful" as Stephenson,and most of us have more counterbalancing faults orvices than his record shows. The Church admits toheaven a small number of mankind, with specialtickets of dogma believes and observation fulfilled.Let us suppose that as many more get in, with Stephenson,as eminent benefactor of their kind, in oneway or another. But what is to become of the hundredsof millions? the great mass of men and womenare still left unprovided for. Wanting both pietyand active helpfulness, how are they to get intoheaven? How are they to attain that indispensablething, "Salvation"? What is "Salvation"? Unless we have an accurateidea of what it is, we cannot talk or think understandinglyabout it. The Church's earliest direction to those who areoutside its pale is to attend first, and most earnestly,and above all things else, to the saving of their souls. How comes it that their souls used to be saved? The Church answers, "Because they are lost, lost,Lost." From what de they need to be saved? The Church answers, "From hell, from eternalfire, the inevitable deem of all who are not saved." Looking further into the matter, we find it maintainedby the Church that this "hell" and this awful"doom" have been established by God. Inquiringfurther about God, we learn from the Church that heis the Creator of all men, and thus their Father; andthat he practically shows himself their Father to thisextent, namely—that he takes providential care ofthem in this world, and gives each of them a chanceto be saved from the hell which he himself has establishedbeyond the greave, and provides eternal happinessfor such as are "saved," remaining truly theirFather forever; but that, to the immense number ofpersons who are not "saved," he causes to be a Fatheras soon as their bodies die, and acts towards themwith dreadful severely, precisely as their worst enemywould do, thenceforth, forever. their All this is really the doctrine taught by an immensemajority, say ninety-nine in an hundred, of all thechurches in the world that call themselves Christian.That which is above described is what all the clergy ofthese churches teach, and all the attendants on themreceive, as the meaning of the word "salvation." In this country, where trus Christianity and reasonhave made more progress, the propagation is loss. Perhapshaps only nineteen in twenty of the churches thatcall themselves Christian teach this horrible doctrine.But this is still an immense majority. And all theclergy of these churches teach as true, and all the attendantson them receive as true, that which is abovedescribed as the meaning of the word "salvation." trus What is to be said of the representation thus madeby the churches? If we look at it in the light of that reason whichthe true God, the real Father, gave to be our guide,and in the light of those sympathies and affectionswhich He—the dear Father—has implanted in theheart of each one of us, we shall be constrained, bythe force of truth, to take the following positions,namely:— true The assumptions upon which this Church idea of"Salvation" stands are a mass of falsehood. Ofcourse, a proportion of undeniable truth is mixed withIt in the teaching; of course, things obviously true arecraftily warped so as to appear to support the falsehood;but the dogmatic assumptions upon which thishypothesis called "Salvation" is reared are thoroughlyand absolutely false. 1. God is not the odious mixture of good and evilthat this scheme represents Him. He is the genuineFather and Mother of each individual of the humanrace, caring for each with all the wisdom and all thetenderness belonging to those relations, and extendingthat wise supervision and tender help through thewhole existence of each. Consequently— not 2. Man is not "lost." He is as much within God'spower, and under his protecting Fatherly care, as onthe first day of his creation. He has never been beyondthat power nor severed from that care. He isjust where God expected and intended him to be, inthe first stage of an immense and beneficent systemof education. In other words, God, the all-wise andall-powerful, has not been overpowered or outwittedby any hostile being in the execution of the beneficentpurposes which we must suppose Him originally tohave had in the creation of man. Consequently— not not 3. There is no need, there was never any need, ofa "Plan of Salvation" for man; and, of course, therenever was any such supplementary "Plan" in God'seconomy. The original purpose of the Infinite Fatherstill holds. It never "repented Him that He hadmade man." The All-wise saw from the beginningall the experimental trials among good and evil thatHis children would make in the course of their education;and their temporary choice of evil is so farfrom surprising or disconcerting Him with whom athousand years are as one day, that He has made theresults of such choice eminently useful in their education.Since, then, nothing has concurred to disturbGod's original purpose of progressive providentialeducation for man, it further follows that— was never 4. God has never established any such horrible thingas that which the Church calls "Hell"; unspeakablyhorrible, whether it be imagined a place of never-endingbodily torment, as the Church generally teaches—or a state of never-ending spiritual suffering, as HenryWard Beecher teaches, Not only would it be a libel onthe Father to suppose never-ending evil or never-endingsuffering a part of His purpose, but there is not reasonwhatever to suppose the necessity or the existence ofany such thing, whether place or state. The ideaoriginated in times of comparative ignorance; it hasbeen continued and perpetuated partly by men whowere base enough to make their living out of the fearsinspired in the community by the supposition of itstruth, and partly by the well-meaning dupes ofsuch men; and it is now used by the clergy to driveinto their net those who cannot be otherwise drawninto it. place state drive These things being so, we are assured that, therebeing no such thing in existence as that which theChurch calls "Hall," there is no such thing needfulto man as that which the Church calls "Salvation."Of course, I use the term in the Church's meaning,which is the meaning accepted among the Church'spupils, otherwise called the Christian world; for allthe Catholics, all the Greek Church, and an immensemajority of the Protestants, accept and believe thishypothesis about Salvation. Now, Mr. Collyer does not believe in the Monetarismbeing, half Father and half tyrant, that the Churchputs in the place of the true God. He believes in thePerfect Being who is true Father and Friend to everyman, as much after the death of his body as before it.He believes that God's original plan continues, andwill continue, to work with prosperous beneficence,never having so failed or come short as to make anamendment, a Plan of Salvation, necessary. Why,then, does he use that damaged phraseology? Why,wishing to teach the truth, does he continue to use theword that is founded on a group of falsehoods, and thatconveys to ninety-nine in every hundred of those whohear it the false idea preached everywhere by theChurch? Would he not do better, should not we allwho worship a God of love do better, to dispense withthe word "Salvation," and nee some expression whichshall convey our meaning without at the same timeconveying a meaning different from ours? We, children of the Heavenly Father—in virtue ofour humanity, undoubtedly His children—and His shildren no less even if we are prodigal sons—we do notneed salvation. We have no more need of a contrivanceto escape from hell than from purgatory. Theidea of the necessity of attempting such an escape, andthe methods of accomplishing it, would only divert usfrom the real work which God has set before us inthis world—the progressive improvement of ourselvesand our fellow-men. This is evidently God's plan,the education of His children in wisdom and goodness;and our business in this world is to be workerstogether with Him. We are now in God's primary school. Our duty init is to do its work faithfully, day by day; not to spendour time in speculating as to what our positions willbe in the grammar school, and the high school,and the college, and in such other departments of instructionand discipline as are yet to come. A verymoderate allowance of faith would teach us that He,the Superintending Father, will provide for that; anda moderate exercise of reason ought to teach us thatfaithful attention to the duties of this department isthe very preparation needed, and the best preparationGod, trust Him, and work with Him in the effort toimprove ourselves and others. This is the wholeduty of man. its But, it will be asked me—Do you leave out of considerationthe ugly fact of sin? the fact that many ofus often, and all of us sometimes, are accustomed towork not with God but against Him! I answer—I do not forget or disregard this fact.Every teacher of a primary school knows that noscholar is perfect, that some are willfully disobedient,and that some persist in willful disobedience. Ofcourse, this state of things is to be provided for. persist Our teachers, too, are imperfect, as well as theirchildren. Some try one method, some another, forevercoming the evils of disobedience. Some havemore succors, others less. None of them are wickedenough to burn the unruly scholar alive, as the Churchmakes its God do with kis refractory pupile; but, beinglimited in power, and wisdom, and time, they aresometimes obliged to yield to the difficulties of thesituation, and to turn the had boy out of school.What I claim for the true God, the loving Father, is,that being unlimited in power, and wisdom, and time,the difficulties of the situation are never too great forHim. He will accomplish His benevolent purpose inregard to the ultimate holiness and happiness of menwithout a single failure. Sooner or later He will sacredin persuading every sinner voluntarily to turnfrom sin and to chooses righteousness. Is not this planbetter than the one which (though called a "plan ofsalvation") provides for a hell of blasphemers to beeternally reading. or a bell of sufferers eternallyagonized by unavailing remorse? I say that our Godis higher, nobler, more worthy of veneration, affordingand obedience than the Church's God. He willnot laugh at the sinner's calamity, and mock when hisfear cometh. He will encourage and accept repentand the attempt at amendment in the next world,and the next, and the next, no less than in the presentone. He is to be loved and honored because He isobviously worthy of love and honor. kis worthy This is the way to which God deals with slu. Buthow are we to deal with it in ourselves? Each of us isconscious of yielding to temptation, of doing wrongactions, of induging evil affections, of checeing, forthe time, something opposite to God and goodness.Now, even if there be no hell existing and no salvationfrom it needed, do we not need a mediator toreconcile us to God, and an atonement to wash awayour sin! we I answer, we do not need either. Though we mayhave been allenated from God, God is never allenatedfrom us. He is always ready and glad to welcomethe repentant sinner. Whoever is sincerely trying tocease to do evil and learn to do well has God alreadyon his side. What men need is to be assured of thisfact, and thus to be encouraged never to give up strivingfor self-improvement. Error and sin are to be expectedof human frailty. When a man does wrongagain,) after repenting and reforming, "no strangething has happened to him." He has repeated theexperience of all men, even the best, that havegone before him. It is the lavariable lot of humanity.I say this not by way of excuse. least of all assuggesting indifference or easy assent in the repetitionof sin, but as recognizing a fact in human life and humancharacter. This verse states the fact and givesthe remedy:— "The wisest have been feels,The surest stumbled sore;Strive thou to stand; or, fallen, cries!I ask thee not for more."   Strive thou cries  What we need is to recognize the fact that everysin is an act of folly as well as of wickedness, toturn from it with hearty repentance, to make suchamendment to any wronged fellow-man as the caseadmits of, and to watch, and pray, and strive againsta repetition of the sin. If you fall again, be not discouragedbut still try. Try, and keep trying, andnever cease trying, to avoid the things you know tobe wrong, and to do the things you know to be right.This is the whole duty of man. The religious teachercan teach this just as easily, and can make it just asclear to his pupil, as what he now teaches about puttingtrust in a mediator. The pupil can make theeffort of offering his sincere penitence to the Father,the Being against whom he has sinned, and to whomhe wishes to return, as easily as to a radiator. Thisis the right course, and it has the further advantage ofbeing a direct, instead of circuitous course. right As to the pretended need of a mediator, is thereany one nearer to a father than his child? Did theProdigal Son need a mediator? Jesus teaches us inthat beautiful parable how to go to God, namely, inperson and not by deputy. The Prodigal Son wouldhave committed a new error if he had applied to theobedient elder brother, or to anybody else in the universe,to intercede for him. His application directlyto the Father is the best proof of the sincerity of hislove and the heartiness of his obedience. And theFather so receives it. He asks no stonement, no sacrifices,no process of purification following the return andconfession. The act of returning in penitence was thepurification. And the Father, who had been ready,every day and hour since his son's departure, to welcomereturn in this same manner, says immediately—"Bring forth the best rebe and put it onhim." He is again and at once a son, with all therights and privileges of that relation, according to theinstruction that Jesus himself gives us. how was son The return of the Prodigal Son is a good illustration,to my mind, of what religion is; and this agreewith the definition given by Theodore Parker of religion,namely—"Voluntary obedience to the will ofGod." Voluntary obedience! The motive is the essentialthing. I do not find Mr. Collyer's statement acorrect one, that the life which is helpful to one's fellow-men,in such manner as Stephenson's, is therefore,necessarily, a religious life. Religion necessarilyimplies, does it not, a purpose towards God; and itmay or may not combine with this purpose towardsGod the attempt to do something for man. Voluntary religious It will not do to say that the Indian Fakir whospends his life in fulfilling his vow of self-torment—and that the Spanish monk who divides his life betweenmasses at the altar and prayers in his cell—have no religion. Their religion is so real a thing tothem, that they sacrifice the comfort of their wholeearthly lives to its supposed requirements, and woulddie at the stake rather than disavow it. Nobodycould possibly exemplify the purpose and effort to bereligions more really than these men. And yet thelives of neither of them add one particle to the sum ofhuman welfare. Moreover, the religion of both takesits peculiar character from a gross delusion, a completemisunderstanding of what God is, and what Herequires. These errors, however, great and injuriousas they are, do not prevent those who hold them frombeing sincerely and thoroughly religious men. Thehabit of wishing and trying to do the will of God, asthey understand it, constitutes their full are valid claimto the religious character. asthey understand it On the other hand, helpfulness may exist, and in avery high degree, without religion. During the wholeof that eminently useful life which George Stephensonpassed, after turning away from the Methodist meetingone Sunday morning, as Mr. Collyer relates, he didnot seem to be actuated by any religious purpose, ormotive. Even his helpfulness seems to have beenan indirect result of his labors, rather than the controllingmotive that urged them. He seemed movedrather by a scientific longing for discovery and attainment,the joy of subjecting matter and the laws ofmatter to his will, than by satisfaction in the reliefgiven to the labors of men by these discoveries andinventions. Useful as he was, the special elementthat constitutes religious character did not appear inhim, from that Sunday morning to his dying day. religious A still stronger instance is Robert Owen, who led alife of very eminent usefulness, all the time undnervaluingdisliking, and opposing religion. He thoughtit an injury rather than a benefit to the world. Hethought the time wasted which men spent in followingits dictates. And the reform which he wished andlabored to introduce into society, included, always adisuse and discouragement of religion. Yet his helpfullness was of the active, voluntary kind. He lovedman even more than science. The zealous labors ofhis whole life, and many special acts of noble disinterestedness,were done with the express desire and purposeof helping his fellow-men to easier, higher, andbetter lives. He wished to lighten labor, to facilitateeducation, to raise the standard of attainment, to elevatethe laboring classes materially, mentally, and morally,and to increase, as far as possible, the sum of humanwelfare. There can be no doubt of his hearty wishand purpose to do all these things, and yet he was anopposer of religion. Here we have the peculiar and remarkable phenomenonof two men going on from early manhood toold age, not thinking of God, not mindful of their obligationor their duties to Him, and yet doing, in regardto their fellow-men, just the things that Hewould have them do. No doubt, as Mr. Collyer says,the coal-pit and the machine-shop were Stephonson'sproper place. He could do more for the progressiveimprovement of the human race in the department ofmechanical invention than in any other. Nay, more.Considering what sort of churches he had the choiceof, he did well to disregard them. His time wouldhave been wasted in going to them. He was betteremployed in the midst of his tools and books. Nodoubt Robert Owen, too, was precisely in his properplace, in striving to improve and elevate the laborersof New Lanark. He improved them as individual humanbeings; he improved them as members of civilizedsociety; and even the Sunday occupations hesuggested for them were vastly better than the thingstaught them as religion in the parish churches. But ifthese two good men had added to their good worries thehabited thought of the Father who had crowned themwith blessings, constant gratitude for His favors, constantmindfulness to refrain in their own persons fromthoughts or actions displeasing to Him, and efforts topoint Him out as the Father and Friend to those whowere spiritually destitute, or astray, they would haveadded luster and usefulness even to lives so beneficentas theirs. Very likely they were prevented fromdoing so by a too easy credulity, taking for a true pictureof religion the absurd ideas and superstitionsobservances represented by the clergy as constitutingit. to Him were Helpfulness, aid towards the welfare and the improvementof human brings, is, no doubt, the greatpractical duty that God requires of us. But it befitsrational and immoral beings to recognize the duty, andthe appropriateness and beneficences of it, and the excellenceof Him who enjoined it, and the satisfactionof being workers together with Him in loving help tothese who need. The doing of the good works inquestion is a great point gained, even if they are donethoughtlessly and mechanically, as the ex eats grass.But how much better is it to do them intelligently.Beneficence is good; but the beneficence that inquiresand discriminates is better in every way thanthat of the sailor on pay-day, who is quite as muchbent on getting rid of his money as on relieving distress.What we all need is to conform ourselves totruth, to fact, to the realities of God's universe. Wecan no more afford to ignore the fact that God is entitledto our have and obedience, than any other factbelonging to our existence here. Good as they were,Stephenson and Owen would have been better, helpfulas they were, they would have been more helpful,if they had kept this fast in mind. recognize More helpful. The enlightened religious man cangive spiritual as well as material help, and how oftendoes such of us need it! Our lives are a series of alternationsof hope and fear, joy and sorrow, exultationand despondency. He who can, in the moment ofneed, give the confident assurance to one who has lastsight of it, or to one who never knew it, that God ishis best friend, that he is neither forsaken nor forgotten,that he never needs to despair, that there is aright and a safe way out of difficulties even as greatas his, and that all things will work together for goodto him who with persevering faith keeps himself onGod's side—such an one, I say, bestows help infinitelymore valuable than the payment of a debt, or the giftof a farm. To help on ex out of a pit is good. Torelieve a man from bodily suffering or necessity isbetter. But to minister to the necessities of the highest,the noblest, the most characteristic part of man'snature, to help his soul's need, to confirm his soul'shealth, this is the highest and best of human works.This is what the clergy and the churches falsely pretendto do. This is what helpers on the merely materialplane come short of doing. This is what theenlightened religious man can do.—C.K.W. all soul's soul's can 

 THE SPANISH SLAVE TRADE. The Queen ofSpain has taken a step towards abolishing the infamoussystem of slavery and slave-trading which remainsas a stain upon Spanish civilization. The authoritiesof the Spanish Government, particularly in the Americanad tropical colonies, have been guilty of manycrimes in dealing with the negro. Cuba has beenmade a depot for kidnapped negroes, from whencethey were brought into the United States. Now it isdirected that all negroes taken in Africa and broughtto a Spanish colony as slaves, shall be made free, withthe option of remaining in the colony working undercontract or returning to Africa. Other negroes inthe Spanish provinces of the Antilles will be protectedin their freedom by Spanish authority, as soon as thepresent arrangement of an apprenticeship of five yearsshall cease. "From the moment," says the Queen'sminister, "the Government leaves the emancipatednegroes in complete liberty to dispose of their actions,nothing can be allowed to trammel their freedom."Thus we find that while Spain, as a Christian Government,stamps the slave trade "with the seal of themost absolute reprobation," it also uses all its powersto prevent those violations of treaties and connivancewith wrong which have made Spanish honor bear abad name.—N.Y. Tribune. HE PANISH LAVE RADE. N.Y. Tribune. CHURCH AND STATE IN ENGLAND, J. Stuart Mill,during the recent canvass, in answer to the questionwhether he was in favor of the separation of Churchand State, replied, that though he was in favor of thisseparation as an abstract principle, he should verymuch question whether the present were a good timeto apply that principle. The State now is the moreliberal and powerful of the two, and is liberalizing theChurch, and protecting Colenso and others in theirfreedom of inquiry; and while he would favor an immediateabolition of Church rates, he was not sure butcomplete separation might throw the great institutionsof learning wholly into the hands of such highest asthose who were at that moment driving Mr. Gladutoneaway from Oxford. HURCH TATE NGLAND On the other hand, Dr. Pusey, and also several ofthe leaders of the evangelical party in the Church,here turned their faces towards a separation as thebest means of preserving the purity of old doctrines.The recent Church Congress discussed the propriety oftaking away the power or limiting the jurisdiction ofthe Privy Council. SO THEY GO. The Democratic leaders, findingthat they cannot manage President Johnson, havedropped all their honeyed compliments, and resumedtheir aid-fashioned style of abuse. Thus, the HartfordTimes says of the President's demand that theseceded States shall ratify the Constitutional Amendment: O HEY O. Times "We protest against all this. Every Democratand truly conservative man in the country will protestagainst it, for the President has no such Constitutionalauthority, and it is the way to destroy theUnion, not to reconstruct it in a manner that shall beof real benefit to the people of both sections of thecountry." SOUTHERN FRELING. A St. Louis letter to theChicago Tribune says: OUTHERN RELING. Tribune "An officer of the army, who is said to have beenon a private confidential mission to the South duringthe last four weeks, passed through the city on routsto Washington on Friday last, and though he gaveno clue to his mission, he was outspoken as to his ownopinion of affairs in the South. He said plainly theProvisional Governors were humbugs, and the lendingamnestied rebels in the South were fully committed tothe policy of providing hereafter, not only for payingthe State debts created to help the rebellion, but alsoto support in some manner the wounded rebel soldiersand the families of rebel soldiers dead." on routs THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOEK. There is a greatdemand from Southern politicians for the CongressionalGlobs of the last four years, that they may read thedebates on the war. It is a pity that they could notbe made to commit to memory some of the speecheson slavery that have been made, as they would thenhave a better idea of the temper of the Northern peoplethan they can gather from the sycophantic demagogueswho now urge reconciliation and restoration atany price—even the freedom of the blacks and thehonor of the whites. HE ONGRESSIONAL LOEK. CongressionalGlobs ROBERT E. LEE. This distinguished rebel Generalhas again take the oath of allegiance. He firstswore allegiance to the United States when he enteredWest Point; when he was mustered into thearmy as a lieutenant, he again took the oath. Howmuch more reliance can be placed on oath NumberThree, than on Numbers One and Two? Of what hashe repented?—Watchman. OBERT EE. Watchman. ☞ Governor Bradford, of Md., has offered a rewardof $500 for the arrest of the incendiaries who destroyedthe colored Methodist Church at Middlington, Kentcounty. The motive was that the building was usedas a day school for colored children. WORKING MEN AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.The Working Men's Central Committee in Lowellhave adopted the following resolution: ORKING EN EPUBLICAN ARTY. "That we have good reason to hope that the reformswe seek to bring about can be accomplished atno distant day, through the Republican party, andtherefore it is inexpedient to organize an independentparty or present a separate ticket at the State andcity elections to be held the present year, nor untilthe party which has the power to pass our measuresproves unwilling to pass them." ☞ Gen. Augur had issued an order forbiddingthe whipping of colored men, under any law of Virginia,within the limits of his department. THE SEA ISKANDS. A letter from Charleston saysa telegram has been received there by the AssistantCommissioner from the Secretary of War, suspendingall action in regard to the Sea Islands new occupiedby freedmen. HE EA SKANDS. ☞ Gov. Hahn, who has just arrived from Louisiana,represents that the reconstructed rebels inthat State are nothing very badly. In one parish, theymet in convention and re-established slavery by formalenactment and resolutions. ☞ Last work, one of the civil courts sentenced anegro to be whipped under the aid Virginia code.General Augur promptly annulled the sentence. 

 One of the Most Brilliant Triumphed of AmericanGenius. One of the Most Brilliant Triumphed of AmericanGenius. IT COOKS, WASHES ANDIRONS WITHOUT CALLWOOD OR GAS! DOES the work easier quicker better and with alittle expense as any known method and to use without a radiator does not affect temperature of the room while it may be and with aradiator to heat a room is a very short times I aperfectly free from seal ashes and  and makes soimplement smell.      Warerooms No. 36 Broomfield St. Boston   Raking in these stoves intend of the old importance now is rendered a certainly; the bread  out of theeven in thirty minutes with a fair brown burnt nor dough for the heat can be regulated.Potatoes and large joints of mean are "does to aturn."    heat  Brelling—Mr. Merrill the investors to as his orlanguage, to produce a method by which a stock use to  thatwill compares with the Patent Broiler," which always the stock juicy, making even a tough one tender drop of the fat of juice can presently be meted although is broiled by the pure sweet blass coming in with the meat. Ironing is accomplished quite as the heat being communicated to the the iron there s no  of dirt to trouble a inheated on the face; and in the summer the best isfined tot the iron alone instead of sweltering the Washing-day is beret of half its trouble—the stoves lightsand portable, can be carried out-dears even is goodweather and the steam and disagreeable of washing inher can be accomplished with more certainly andand with far less labor than with  To thusstoves must prove an invaluable blessing the Petroleumcasting less by one fourth than gas at two dollars per thensand fact, while the work is performed in betterYoung men out all day wanting a quick heat on to their rooms—families with children  instantfire at night—mechanism wetting early  andNOT DISCUITS in thirty minister time after lighting thefire—housekeepers wanting heat in rooms without —country house—in fact all who value their time of of the health, comfort and convenience of themselveswives and families must eventually bay these     drop of the fat of juice can presently be meted although         iron           If you wish to save time trouble and expense bay the MORRILL PETROLEUM STOVE.  From  E.D. and G. Draper, Mass] From  E.D. and G. Draper, Mass]   The undersigned have used Merrill's Stove" in our families and have thoroughly tested tomerits in cooking and many other families of our have it in use and are well satisfied with Weconsider it a very valuable improvement and shortlyrecommend it for general use especially for a mannercook-stove. We think it has never been  forbroiling and baking meats and baking bread and is thebest stove for heating facts for ironing we ever me.     R.D. &C. DRAPER. Mass., May 6, 1865.  [From Dr. J.  of Mass] From Dr. J.  of Mass   CHARLESTEOWS, May 24,  HARLESTEOWS,  MR. MOORE—Having fully tested the Stove purchased of you two months  and premised ofthat time to give you my opinion of it after fully satisfied with its merits of demerits as the can mayprove I now without  It for superiorto any cooking apparatus I have ever seen. It not onlyproves to be all you recommended but  more fornot half of its advantages were named. In fact it doesnot fail in any particular in being all that can be desired by any one after acquiring a little experiencein its use. R. OORE     It for superiorto any cooking apparatus I have ever seen.   JOSEPH CHEEVER, N.D. [From Mr. Eduardo Perkins Profiteer of the longs Establishment, Congress, Street Boston.] From Mr. Eduardo Perkins Profiteer of the longs Establishment, Congress, Street Boston.   BOSTON, May 27, 1865. OSTON, To THE AGENT OF THE MORRELL, PETROLEUM STOVE CO.: GENT OF THE ORRELL, ETROLEUM TOVE DEAR SIR—Having fully tested the new petroleumStove made by your Company I am happy to bear to it merits. I have them in use in my easting houseand find them superior to anything I know of for cockingpurpose. It bakes biscuits and brails stocksand indeed performs most admirably all that is claimedfor it. EAR IR   Wishing you every means I  yours truly,  EDWARD   [From Rev. T.C. Potter, Poster of the South Reading Mass.] From Rev. T.C. Potter, Poster of the South Reading Mass.  SOUTH READENS Mass., May  OUTH EADENS  TO THE PETROLEUN STOVE CO O ETROLEUN TOVE O Allow me a place upon your circular to make the followingstatement— For several weeks my family have been testing the newand economy of your "single burners," and find that forthe common purpose of a family it excels everything's thenof the kind we have ever seen. In point of  ithas cost us less then one and one-fourth cents per hour. Mywife can do her ironing in less time than with astove and avoid the necessity of being tortured withheat. We have  from the housefor hours and returned to find our  of baked and ready for the table and for taking al kindsof pastry steaming broiling and toasting I do not to say that I Never have seen its equal. I insteadto use it as a heater for my study  it to theketches a short time when called for to prepare our mealsI have had no experience in the use of the "double burner,"but should judge its utility must be in a correspondedratio. T.C. POTTER, economy  less then one and one-fourth cents per hour.          [From Rev. J.P.  Poster of  CongratulationChurch,  Mass.] From Rev. J.P.  Poster of  CongratulationChurch,  Mass.      O.F. MORRILL: ORRILL: DEAR SIR After a brief experience with your stoves,it gives me pleasure to say that it gives great scarification. EAR IR For baking it answers letter than say stove or rangewith which we are acquainted: for  it is perhapsunsurpassed and the arrangements for  prove veryconvenient while the  from the heal given cut byan ordinary fire must in the summer make your stove agreat comfort in the ketches.    Very truly years, J.P. CUMMAX BSTON, August STON,   MOREILL &CO.:  OREILL GRETLEMEN— I am often asked how I libel my "PetroleumStove." I would here state that it weeks admirablyand like it much. I have been a housekeeper more thenforty years and have during that times and  halfthe means numbers of cooking apparatus such a rangescook-stove &C but have found any thing equalto this for summer use and no reasons why they maynot be used equally as well in winter. We can get fast with it—vis: boil tea-kettle make  and stock while a person would be building a fire in a rangeWe have used ours since early in June  have severfound the equals it in baking  bread or RETLEMEN        Yours, truly, V.H. HEWIS No. 3 Treatment  MOUNT WASHINGTON, August 23, 1865. OUNT W ASHINGTON, SIR: I do certify with the  at formingpoint (22degrees) I heated my office (with one of Morrill's  Stoves in fiveto such a degree that I was obliged to open the officedoor. And I would recommend them as the best and must portable and safest stove for earning of shall rooms that came under my observation. IR:        Yours, &C., S.A. BATTISON Telegraph Operator,  of Mt Washington    

 WITH every  for selling Wool to the best—a good store situated in the the Boston trade and an extensive  withmanufacturing—I respectfully       No market offers greater inducements to the Wool than this It is the headquarter for New-Englandfeatures; here are their  and here it is man for them to bay. My terms for nothing are asfollows:     One per cent pound and one per cent (and governmenttax of one-tenth of one per cent.) on  Five per cent (and government tax) on  thuscharges cover all expense after the Wool store for there months—labor storage insurance and sellingIf required to carry it over three months additionalexpenses will he charged. Internet on advance and other rocketed at the legal rate of this States.    I shall aim to keep my  thoroughly informed;and all Wool sent to me will be carefully graded tothe market Letter asking information will be answered. Address P.O. Box 1861.    Reference: HALLOWELL &  ALLOWELL  HALLOWELL., PRECOTT &C. New York.  ALLOWELL., RECOTT  DAVIS,  AVIS,  Boston August   

   

