 The Buenos Ayres Standard of July 6th says thatthe 4th of July, 1865, will long be remembered byboth Americans and Argentines. It may be saidto have been the first 4th of July that was ever properlykept up in the city of Buenos Ayres. TheProvincial Government took the initiative by declaringit holiday; private parties followed the exampleby keeping open house on that day; and the Americansthemselves, determined that the day should passoff with the greatest eclat, gave one of the most magnificentbanquets ever given in that city, at the Hotelde Provence. The hotel was illuminated with Chineselamps, and had flags hanging from every window. Standard eclat At 6 o'clock, P.M., the waiting-room was crowded,and at half-past six the Vice-President of the Republic,the Governor of the Province, with their Ministers,having arrived, the folding doors of the banquet ballwere thrown open, and the company took their seats atthe festive board. The taste and elegance with whichthe table was laid out merited especial praise.The room was hung round with American and Argentinebanners. At either end of the room wereportraits of Washington and General Mitre, encircledwith gigantic wreaths, around which were the namesof the different States of the Union and Provincesof the Republic. On the table the genius of the confectionerwas called into play, in emblematic figuresof Plenty, &C., with small America and Argentineflags surmounting the figures. Among those who made speeches on the occasionwere Hon. Mr. Kirk, American Minister; Vice PresidentPaz, Gov. Sanverdra, Capt. Livingston, Dr.Rawson, Prime Minister. Dr. Elizaide, Minister ofForeign Affairs, and Hinton Rowan Helper. The eleventh last—"Our erring Southern Brethrenwho have fought bravely, worthy of a bettercause! May their returning scence of justice bringwith it a willing obedience on the Constution of theUnited States." Drank with cheer and "Old Atquaintance" song by all present. Mr. Helper, U.S. Consul, rose and said:— Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—It has often been asserted—with truth, I think—that there are men whoif they assume an erect posture in the presence of apublic assembly, have no command of themselves tosay three words. Do you suppose that you have neverseen a man of that sort? Then you deceive yourselves,for he now stands before you. [Laughter.]Nevertheless, if it be in harmony with the generalplan of the proceedings of the evening, permit not tomake a brief statement, and upon that a single inquiry.My friend, the author of the "Impending Crisisof the South," who is here with us, but who acceptsas generally correct, and particularly so withreference to himself, the adage that authors never makespeeches, has placed in my hands, on a paper now inmy pocket, an expression of opinion in regard to thelast toast: an opinion, however, exclusively his own,and not, in any manner, reflecting or expressing theopinion of others, except so far, if at all, as they maybe pleased to endorse what he has written; and Iwould thank you to inform me whether it would beproper on my part to occupy eight or ten minutes ofyour time, by reading the paper in question. Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen authors never makespeeches "Certainly," "certainly," "most certainly," havingresounded from every part of the hall, Mr. Helperread, in a clear and full voice as follows: Gentlemen, the sentiment of toast just given ishighly honorable both to the head and heart ofthe gentleman who proposed it. While, as I understandit, that sentiment very fully and properly acknowledgesthe strength and integrity of the Union,it, at the same time, whispers to our misled and overpoweredcountrymen of the South assurances of manlykindness and conciliation. This is as it ought tobe; and so, I am sure, it will be. (Cheers.) Considering the glorious victories which have everywhere crowned our arms, the complete suppressionof the rebellion, and the perfect vindication ofthe great principles upon which our Government wasfounded, fitly may we continue the practice of moderation;well may we afford to be generous to a fallenfoe; safely and appropriately may we temper mercywith justice. (Applause.) Only a few days since, an English gentleman, moreliberal and kindly natured than some of other subjectsof her Britannic Majesty, (laughter,) remarkedin my presence—and I was pleased to hear the words,fall from his lips—that, in his opinion, the unlookedfor leniency with which the United States had treatedGeneral Lee and his deluded comrades would securea speedy and happy re-adjustment of Americanaffairs, both at home and abroad. This opinion ofthe Englishman was rightly conceived, and opportunityexpressed; but, at the same time, let it be rememberedthat an honorable and lasting peace, with itslong train of gladdening concomitants, may be secured,and in all probability will be secured, by the operationof other measures and other causes in properconjunction with the one assigned. Meanwhile, let us not be cheated of any of the sensitive,privileges and rejoicings, and free interchange ofopinions, so eminently due to us on this occasion. How often have the friends of our Government, especiallythose resident in foreign countries, beenshocked and insulted by the misrepresentations of disunionists,chiefly disloyal Americans and other advocatesof slavery, who, in the face of facts, have falselyasserted that the South was a unit for secession?The number of times this wicked thing has been donecan only be known by criteria. In Buenos Ayres ithas been done frequently. Our enemies made persistentefforts to weaken our cause by creating wrongimpressions abroad. They always said that the warwas popular at the South, and that it had been deliberatelyinaugurated by the masses of the Southernpeople. We know perfectly well, and always knew,that the war was not popular at the South, but thatit was the unmixed measure of a small and most mischievousminority of the people—a mere handful offactious demagogues, who had no higher object inview than the extension and perpetuation of negroslavery. Of the truth of this we have conclusiveproof in the great number of Southern men who, underthe most oppressive and cruel proscription, andoften at the sacrifice of life itself, have firmly adheredto the flag of their fathers. (Cheers.) Bear with me two minutes, while I recent thehonored names of a few devoted sons of the South—men of Southern birth—who have fought and bled,and some of whom have nobly died for their country,during the four years last past. I will here mentionthe names only of such as have been general officersin the army. Virginia has given us twelve generals, (applause.)whose surnames are as follows:— Thomas, Prentiss, Denver, Terrell, Newton, Ammen,Cooke, Davidson, Hays, Reno, Stevenson, Graham. Maryland, "My Maryland," has given us ten generals,(laughter and applause,) namely:— Ord, Emory, Sykes, Cooper, French, Judah, Benton,Kenley, Lanman, Vanderer. Delaware has given us three generals, (applause.)namely:— Lockwood, Torbet, Thomas. Kentucky—the birth place of President Lincoln,the martyred and immortal patriot—stands in a greatmeasure redeemed in the number and efficiency of thesoldiers whom she has sent into the field for the defenceof the Union. She has given us twenty-eightgenerals, (great applause,) whose names are:— Canby, Boyle, Burbridge, Anderson, Critenden,Fry, Rosseau, McClernand, Shackelford, Reynolds,McMillan, Gorman, Nelson, Clay, Johnson, Hobson,Clay-Smith, Jackson, Harrow, Morris, Wood, Oglesby,by, Palmer, Ward, Blair, Pope, and the two Bufords. Tennessee has given us five generals, (applause.)namely:— Carter, Harney, Campbell, Abercromble, Spears. The District of Columbia has given us five generals,(applause,) namely:— Hunter, Orme, Pleasanton, Branuan, Getty. Alabama has given us three generals, (applause,)—Two Birneys, and one Crittenden.  North Carolina has given us two generals, (applause,)— Meredith and Johnson. South Carolina has also given us two generals(great applause,)— Heredith and Johnson. South Carolina has also given to us two generals(great applause,)— Huribut and Fremont. Missouri has given us René Louisiana, West; andGeorgia, Meigs, (constant applause.) Here we have a list of seventy-three Southern generalsof land forces, many of whom have already withtheir valor and blood, intermingled with the valor andblood of their compatriots from other sections of thecountry' added strength and indissolubility to theUnion. (Cheers.) If we turn to the Navy, we shall find from the Southfour names at least, which will be famous in history solong as floating batteries or men-of-war shall be foundupon the water. You know to whom I allude: Farugut,of Tennessee (great applause): Porter, ofLouisiana (applause); Goldsborough, of the Districtof Columbia (applause); and Winslow, of NorthCarolina, that brave and dauntless Old Coon whocaptured the pirate Alabama. (Deafening applause,and cries of "Hurrah for the brave Old coon!") Of men of Northern birth, the meanest and mostinfamous of all who have served in the rebel army,I am happy to be able to name but nine; but amtruly sorry, at the same time, that even one man,whether from the North or from the South, shouldever have been found disgracing himself and hiscountry by service so ignoble and atrocious. Thenames of the nine Northern renegades to whom I referare: Whiting, Ruggles, and Blanchard, of Massachusetts(groans); Cooper, of New York (groans);Lead better, of Connecticut (groans); French, ofNew Jersey (groans); and Ripley, of Ohio, (groans,and immediately afterwards, hilarious joking of theAmerican Minister Resident, Mr. Kirk, who hailsfrom the State of Ohio.) And of these contemptible fellows, and their chiefaccomplices in the crimes of treason, what shall besaid! As for me, I hesitate not to say that, in myhumble opinion, their memory ought either to be consignedto oblivion, or forever held in utter abhorrence. Not the least among the seventy-off names of distinguishedarmy and navy commanders from theSouth who have heroically proved their devotion tothe Union in the late terrible conflict—names which,is great measure, constitute the modern roll of Southernhonor—is that of Andrew Johnson, formerly ofNorth Carolina, (great applause,) now President ofthe United States, who is, perhaps, in many particulars,more like Andrew Jackson than any other manin America. They were both born in North Carolina,of which State President Polk was also a native.(Loud applause, and cries of "Yes, and that's whatye cum from too.") Both—all three, in fact—emigratedto Tennessee, and, while residing there, wereelected to the Presidency. The full name of each iscomposed of thirteen letters, the number being suggestiveof the original thirteen States which, morethan three-quarters of a century since, achieved theirindependence of Great Britain. (Cheers.) Each has,and very properly, (as showing that their parents werepersons of sense,) but one prenomen, (laughter, andcries of "good!") and that is Andrew. The cognomenof each is a word of two syllables, and the terminatingsyllable of each is son. The prefix of the onesurname is Jack, while that the other is John.(Laughter.) Now Jack and John, as is well known,signify one and the same thing. It follows, therefore,that, in Andrew Johnson, we have a man who isneither more nor less than Andrew Jackson—the sametough "Old Hickory" the able and incorruptiblestatesman, for whom, it is said, the patriotic Dutchmenof Pennsylvania have been steadily voting, at everypresidential election, during the last forty years![Uproarious laughter and applause, and bravos for theDutchmen of Pennsylvania!) son. But the parallel does not end here. Both receivedappointments as Generals of militia. Both becomingPresident, each served his adopted State, first as arepresentative in Congress, and afterward as a Senatorof the United States. Both were called to thePresidency in times of great national peril; both wereSouthern men, and it became the duty of both todeal stringently, and both did deal stringently, withthe disaffection and treason of their slaveholdingneighbors. One annulled nullification; and the othersuppressed a gigantic rebellion. As Mr. Helper resumed his seat, he was complimentedwith three thundering cheers for the Old NorthState and himself. 

 Late intelligence from Beaufort. N.C., tells us thatGov. Holden requested Gen. Ruger (commanding atRaleigh) to remand three citizens, arrested by the letterfor assaulting a freedman, to the county in whichthe offence was committed, to be tried by a civil tribunal.In reply to this request, accompanied by the intimationthat the civil law had been organized to thatcounty, Gen. Ruger replied that it seemed to him inexpedientto comply with it, for this reason amongothers, namely:—that it is the duty of the military topreserve order, and that, though magistrates havebeen appointed, they do not take official notice of unlawfulviolence towards freemen, although such acts havebeen by so means unfrequent in various sections ofthe State. He also says that of into several cases ofhomicide of freedmen by whites have been brought tohis knowledge, but that in no case, so far as he hadlearned, was any arrest made by the magistrates orcivil officers, nor any attempt made to procure an investigation.From observation and information, hethinks these acts of violence are becoming more frequent;and he therefore thinks prompt trial and punishmentby a military commission the only adequateremedy for the evil. they do not take official notice of unlawfulviolence towards freemen From all quarters in the South evidence like theabove comes to us, showing a disposition in the classformerly dominant there to oppress the colored people,to throw all possible obstacles in the way of theirself-support in freedom, and to assert over them anauthority irrespective of law and justice. Knowingthat slavery (the power to buy and sell men andwomen at auction) is gone from them, they seem nowrevolved to keep up the practical assertion of that superiorityof race which recognizes no rights in thelower which, the higher is bound to respect, and toprepare the way for inch a national reconstruction asshall secure to them the continued possession of aservile class; to the effect that, though the individualwhite man may no longer own Sambo and Dinah, thewhile class may bold permanent authority over theblack class. If the Provisional Governments established byPresident Johnson in the rebel States have beenformed tentatively, to try by experiment how muchdisposition there is in those regions to accept the newsituation, and conform themselves in good faith to thepolicy of freedom for all, there is sufficient evidencealready accumulated to settle the question. It isplain that, in nearly every one of those States, therebel feeling is so preponderant that they choosewhitewashed secessionists for civil officers; and theslaveholding disposition is so predominant that theyare forcing: back the negroes, as far as possible, intothe position of niggers. What in the way of loyalty,what in the way of humanity, what in the way of decencyeven, can be hoped for from these men? Theyseem thoroughly joined to their idols. Is there anyremedy but to keep them under military rule, anyforbid their resumption of that self-government whichthey seem determined to abuse? Having provedthemselves enormous criminals, desperate offendersagainst the laws, the peace, and the security of thecountry, let them be kept, like other criminals, underrestraint and on probation. niggers. Is it asked—How long should this restraint and thisprobation last! I reply, the minimum of them isfixed by two considerations. The power of theSouthern whites to make laws affecting the statusof the colored people should be withheld at least somany years as shall be required to establish that classin self-supporting Industry. Their condition is atpresent shifting, unsettled, precarious in the utmostdegree. They hare neither land to cultivate nor trustworthyemployers with whom to make contracts forlabor. In some places the attempt is made to discourageemployment of the freedmen on any terms, and toobtain white laborers, either from the West or fromforeign countries. Great difficulties and troubles arebefore the Southern negroes. Their present unsettledstate must continue for a considerable time, and thecoming winter will bring privation and distress to largenumbers of them. Their state is bad enough underthe local Federal authorities, most of whom are notfriendly to them; but it would be intolerable to havethe power of deciding their present and future placedin the hands of malignant enemies like their old masters.There would then come upon them persecutionsnot less extreme than those of the early Christiansunder Tiberius. For the sake of the freedmen alone,then, until a course of years shall have given themtome fixed and recognized condition under the laws ofthe United States, and of the individual States inwhich they reside, the secessionists should have novoice whatever in the making of those laws. at least But another reason, no lets weighty, requires thisextended probation of the communities which haveso lately been in arms against the United States. Itis notorious that, though conquered, they are not penitent.The majority of them, alike leaders and followers,take no better ground than that, being obviouslybeaten, they will no longer contend in arms againstthe Government. They are ready to take any numberor any sort of oaths that may be required to placethem again in the self governing position; but, thatposition once attained, it is plain that they will use itnot only for the ordinary purposes of civil government,but to embarrass and counteract the Federalauthorities, and to regain so much of their lost sovereigntyover the blacks as circumstances will permit.These things being so, it would seem the dictate ofcommon prudence (to speak of no higher considerations)to delay the restoration to power to hands predeterminedto abuse it; and to retain the military (orother provisional) government of those States whichare obviously still rebellious in spirit, until a fewyears, at least, have passed in the attempt to securebetter conditions for permanent reconstruction.—C.K.W. 

 ☞TERMS—Three dollars and fifty cents in advance ☞Four copies will be sent to one address for TWELVEdollars, if payment is made in advance. ☞All remittances are to be made, and all lettersrelating to the pecuniary concerns of the paper are to bedirected, (POST PAID,) to the General Agent. ☞Advertisements of a square and over inserted threetimes at ten cents per line; less than a square, $1.50 forthree insertions. Yearly and half yearly advertisementsinserted on reasonable terms. ☞The Agents of the American, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,Ohio and Michigan Anti-Slavery Societies areauthorized to receive subscriptions for THE LIBERATOR. HE IBERATOR. ☞The following gentlemen constitute the FinancialCommittee, but are not responsible for any debts of thepaper, viz:—WENDELL PHILLIPS, EDMUND QUINCY, EDMUNDJACKSON, and WILLIAM L. GARRISON, JR. ENDELL HILLIPS DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON ILLIAM ARRISON R. 

 NEW YORK, August 26, 1865. EW ORK DEAR GARRISON—About noon to-day, while busywriting at my desk, I heard an unusual roll of drums.On going to the front window, I enjoyed my firstsight of a considerable body of returned coloredtroops. They were five companies of the U.S. 32ndRegiment, Colonel Beard, just arrived by sea fromthe South, and now on their way to the transport atper No. 1, North River, via Amboy for Philadelphia,where they enlisted, there to be mustered out.'That's equal to the 7th Regiment," said some oneat my elbow. I never saw finer marching. Thedrum-major, Huber, as his name was pronounced, wasa fine black, in full uniform, with large shining silveryepaulettes. He led the men splendidly—that is nonetoo much to say. First were six men with fifes, thenthree files six abreast of drummers, all black. Theshrill and clear whistle of the former, and the perfectfine-stroke and roll of the latter, made the bloodcreep and thrill. The column moved slowly in regularmartial step, all swaying together in that wave ofthe body which answers to the foot, and gives to amoving mass of men the appearance of one compactbody. I drank in the imposing and affecting spectacleuntil the column passed, with hearty greetingsand clappings from window and door-step on bothsides of the street. It is a spontaneous tribute to ourbetter nature that distinguishes the colored troops,whenever they march in this city, by a peculiar manifestationof feeling, not expressible in words. Thereis a fine tenderness about it. Every man's heart isas his throat. What is this? Is it the mysteriouscharm of a new sentiment of nationality that puts alldistinctions under foot, giving us the first experiencesof the supreme joy of one united and common brotherhood! EAR ARRISON I was not satisfied with my momentary sight of thisspectacle, and laying aside business, was soon walkingby the side of these brave men, enjoying thethrill of their music. I though of you, and wished,my dear friend, that you could hear those six fifes andthose eighteen drums. They were as near in perfectaccord as any that I have ever heard. The eighteendrum-sticks fell with one stroke, the eighteen rollscame out in one roll, and the six fifes in one loud clearwhistle. I felt the history of the future in that musicand that march. Here is discipline—the first uses ofdiscipline in organizing a branch of the human familycounting over eight millions, and introducing themupon the grand stage of cultivated freedom. Ethiopiais about spreading her wings. She is to be joined tothe cause of the people against masters, whether onplantations in America, or in Royal and Imperial cabinetsin Europe. Depend on it, if the trump of warshall again be heard in our land, the black man willbe among the first to spring to his bayonet for "Godand Liberty." In all the regiments of white troops that I haveseen, there have been stragglers, and men half orwholly intoxicated; but here, not a man straggledfrom his place, not a foot was out of march, and notone was intoxicated. I stationed myself on the plankof the transport, saw every man, and exchanged greetingswith many. The wives and daughter of someof these were on hand, and the scene was one of generalhappiness. not X. 

 "I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that militaryauthority takes, for the time, the place of all municipalinstitutions, and SLAVERY AMONG THE REST;and that, under that state of things, so far from its beingtrue that the States where slavery exists have the exclusivemanagement of the subject, not only the PRESIDENT OFTHE UNITED STATES, but the COMMANDER OF THE ARMY,HAS POWER TO ORDER THE UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATIONOF THE SLAVES..... From the instantthat the slaveholding States become the theatre of a WAR,CIVIL, servile, or foreign, from that instant the war powersof CONGRESS extend to interference with the institutions ofslavery, IN EVERY WAY IN WHICH IT CAN BE WITH, from a claim of indemnity for slaves taken or destroyed,to the cession of States, burdened with slavery, toa foreign power.... It is a war power. I say it is a power; and when your country is actually in war, whetherit be a war of invasion or a war of insurrection, Congresshas power to  on the war, and MUST CARRY IT ON, ACCORDINGTO THE LAWS OF WAR; and by the laws of war,an invaded country has all its laws and municipal institutionsswept by the board, and MARTIAL POWER TAKES THEPLACE OF THEM. When two hostile armies are set in martialarray, the commanders of both armies have power to emancipateall the slaves in the invaded territory."—J.Q. ADAMS. RESIDENT OFTHE NITED TATES OMMANDER OF THE RMY ONGRESS    DAMS. 

 A foolish remark appeared in the New York Times,the other day, as follows: Times "One looks almost in vain upon the list of officers.and upon the muster rolls of the rank and file, for anyof the names that used to figure in the abolition gatherings.This is an indisputable fact." The absurdity of this remark exposed that journalto a day's laughter from sensible people, and elicitedthe following rejoinder from a correspondent whoknows whereof he affirms: "A few moments' reflection enables me to recallthe following names of prominent abolitionists whohave had either sons, grandsons, or sons-in-law, activelyengaged in the military service of the countryduring the war. They have filled all ranks, fromprivate to major general. Most of them have been infighting positions, or others of equal exposure, and Ido not know that any of them have ever flinched fromduty or danger. I name Arthur Tappan, Lewis Tappan, Wm. Lloyd Garrison James G. Birney, William Jay, Gerrit Smith, Henry Ward Beecher Joshua Leavitt, Salmon P. Chase, Dr. Abraham L. Cox, Joseph W. Alden, Charles Jewett, John Rankin, of Ohio Samuel Fessenden, Francis O. Shaw, Leonard Brown, Jacob Heaton, Samuel May, Jr., Dr. H.I. Bowditch, James Forten, col'd, Robert Purvis, col'd, Fred. Douglass, col'd, Joseph P. Thompson, S.S. Jocelyn, Rev. Dr. Ide, Charles G. Finney, W.H. Burleigh, Charles Follen, Henry Wilson, Joshua R. Giddings, William Slade. "This list might be extended to any length, but it isnot necessary for the present purpose."—Independent. Independent. ORIGINAL ABOLITIONISTS. It has been chargedupon the "original abolitionists" that they contributedvery few fighting men to the war. TheNew York Times partially admits the charge, andsays: "One looks almost in vain upon the listof officers, and upon the master rolls of the rankand file, for any of the names that used to figurein the abolition gatherings." Now if men would onlystop to reflect for a moment, they would see that thisis a groundless charge. The "abolition gatherings"spoken of, and which so excited the country, and verywholesomely too, took place some thirty years ago ormore. The men who figured in them and left theirnames on the "lists" were, for the most part, fromthirty-five to seventy years of age at that time, andsuch of them as lived to see this war must have beenfrom seventy-five to one hundred years of age. Wasit the duty of the octogenarian Arthur Tappan, or thenow venerable William Lloyd Garrison and GerritSmith, to get up regiments and lead them to battle, orto shoulder their muskets? We know that the familiesof most of these men were well represented in thearmy; and doubtless had their weight of years beenless, "the names that used to figure in the abolitiongatherings" would have figured largely in the military"gatherings" of a later day.—Pittsburg Gazette. RIGINAL BOLITIONISTS. Times Pittsburg Gazette. 

 [We have the grateful privilege of laying beforeuse readers a letter from a veteran philanthropist—perhaps, if we except Lord Brougham, the earliestliving advocate of emancipation. Monsieur Tourgueseffbelongs by birth to the Russian nobility. Heparticipated in the closing campaigns of the finalcoalition against Napoleon I., and afterwards held ahigh office in the state department of his native country,and was the intimate and respected adviser ofAlexander I. When that well-meaning but feeble-willedmonarch died in 1825, there was an émute infavor of a constitutional government which waspromptly and bloodily suppressed by Nicholas. M.Tourgueneff, who was at that time abroad for hishealth, was most unjustly implicated in this attempt,and capitally condemned. From that time till 1857,as he states below, he lived an exile, for some time inEngland, but chiefly in France, his real cause of offencebeing not his political views which were indeedliberal, but his conspicuous zeal in behalf of his unfortunatecountrymen who languished in serfdom.In 1847 he published a work entitled "Russia and theRussians," in three volumes, in which he both gave asketch of his own life and efforts in behalf of emancipation,and discussed at length the plan which, in hisnature judgment, would be most successful for thatdeliverable end. He there expressed his conviction thatthe deliverer of the serfs could be no other than theautocrat himself, and events have approved his sagacity.a few weeks ago, we wrote to congratulatehim on the accomplishment of his heart's desire, andin express the hope that he might favor The Nation,and though it the people of the United States, withhis observations of the workings of emancipation inRussia. The following is his response. It is doublyvaluable from its direct and indirect bearing upon theown great questions that concern the freedmen ofAmerica—land and suffrage.—Ed. Nation.] émute The Nation Ed. Nation. To the Editor of The Nation: To the Editor of The Nation: You are quite right when you mention the immensesatisfaction I felt in seeing, by the emancipationof the serfs in Russia, the wishes of my wholelife fulfilled. After thirty-three years of absence, itwas given me to see my native land again. It wasin 1857, the memorable moment when the EmperorAlexander first raised the question of emancipation,and declared it was time for it to be accomplished.As might have been expected, the idea of emancipationmet with great opposition from differentsides. Yet I must say, the opposition was directednot so much against the personal emancipation ofthe serfs as against the appropriation to them, whenliberated, of the land they held. The proprietors,assembled in different committees which were establishedall over the empire to discuss the matter,ended even by giving up their right of possession inthe person of the serf, and, mentioning only theirright to the land occupied by the peasants, claimedpecuniary indemnities if that land were deliveredto them. The honorable gentlemen whom the Emperorentrusted with this important task, forming acommittee and hoc, declared from the first as a principlethat the emancipated peasants must have land,about in the same quantity as they had hithertooccupied, on condition of a pecuniary indemnity tobe paid to the proprietors. That principle prevailed,thanks to the Emperors firmness. hoc During the discussion of that question in Russia,I published several writings on the matter.* Mychief purpose and warmest desire being to secureto the peasants as soon as possible their personalfreedom and complete liberty of labor, I proposed amethod of emancipation claiming the entire propertyof their homes—that is to say, cottages andorchards, and a small quantity of arable land, andthat without the slightest indemnity from them totheir masters, which was to be left to Government.A sum of about two hundred millions of dollars, accordingto my calculation, would have been sufficientfor it. * Meanwhile, I inherited a small landed property,†inhabited by about four hundred persons of bothsexes. I hastened to Russia, and put in practicemy method. I abandoned one-third of the land,including their houses, to the peasants, and let themthe two remaining thirds for a certain sum ofmoney. In my agreement with them it was settledthat, if the emancipation which the Governmentwas preparing (1859) turned out more advantageousto them, they were to accept it in preference tomine. It is needless to add, that when the officialemancipation was proclaimed, the peasants and myselffound it more advantageous, and adopted it.If I were to compare the two methods, I should saythat mine tended chiefly to the liberty of the peasantsperson and labor, and that of the Governmentto give them a quantity of land sufficient for theirsubsistence. The great inconvenience of this lastmethod is, that it obliges the peasants to pay aheavy rent to redeem their land, and that duringforty-nine years! Nevertheless, their passion toposses land is so strong that they cheerfully submitto such hard conditions. The redeeming rent(rente de rachat) must be paid by the peasants eitherin money, according to an estimation fixed by law,or by work done by the proprietor, i. e., by corvées.This last mode of payment, sanctioned by law onlyfor a short period, disappears more and more everyday so that the majority of he peasants even nowdo not work for the proprietors, but pay their rentin money. I can say more: about two millions ofpeasants are now entirely liberated with regard tothe proprietors, thanks to an immediate payment ofthe redeeming rent. In such cases their annualrent (redevance) is capitalized, and the Governmentgives the proprietor an obligation for theamount of the capital, which bears five per cent.interest, and will be redeemed in the course offorty-nine years by annual drawings (tirages). Thepeasants then pay their redeeming rent to Government,and thus become free and independent proprietors.Since some time, both peasants and proprietorsseem to find this proceeding the most profitable,and agreements of this kind become more andmore frequent every day. † rente de rachat corvées. redevance tirages I can hardly say how happy I was when I saw,last year, for the first time, my dear, beloved, anddeeply respected Russian peasants free at last, andproprietors of the land they had till then cultivatedas serfs! What a change! The same creatures,serfs yesterday, are now men, conscious of theirhuman dignity; their aspect, their language, arethose of free men. In the meanwhile, in gettingrid of their serfdom, they have preserved theirusual good sense, wisdom, and bonhomie: no impertinence,no arrogance whatever, can be detected inthem; titer are full of self-respect, yet polite. Isaw them discussing with the authorities some businessof theirs: they maintained their new rights,and when wrong, never hesitated to acknowledgeit. Yon may have seen in my book,* sir, that Ialways bad a high opinion of the Russian peasants'moral qualities. Well, all I saw last year was beyondmy expectation. bonhomie: * Your reformers can tell you, that, in loving dearlythe slaves, one can hardly help feeling a verydifferent sentiment towards their owners. To befair, I must say that I am perfectly reconciled withthe Russian proprietors. Although many of themwere not delighted with emancipation, now it is accomplishedthere is no vestige of animosity betweenthe two classes, nobles and peasants: a happy reconciliationhas taken place. It is true, in thisagain example came from the peasants; the greatmerit of Die nobles is in having at last acknowledgedtheir moral worth. You will excuse me, sir, if I go on praising theRussian peasants; but quite lately their behavior,in circumstances very important for themselves andthe country in general, was to striking and noblethat it deserves the attention of every serious andbenevolent man. The facts are these. You perhapshave read in the newspapers that the RussianGovernment issued a law on the municipal organizationof the country. It is founded upon just andwise principles; it is very like what was formerlytried in France by the celebrated Turgot, or whatexists now in Belgium, and is by far more liberalthan the present French municipal system. Every district and every chef-lieu has every yearan assembly of deputies who name a permanentcommittee for three years. This committee ischarged with the municipal administration, underthe control of the assembly. Every one is calledby law to the election of deputies. Well, it happenedin many places that the peasants were themore numerous, and could, therefore, dispose of allthe places in the administrative committee. Theywere so informed. "No," was their answer; "wewant one or two members of the committee takenfrom amongst ourselves: they will watch over ourinterests. As for defending them, as for action, thenobles we name will do it better than we, for theyare more learned than we are." In one of the assembliesthe nobles, moved by the tact and moderationof the peasants, insisted, and almost forced apeasant to become president of the administrativecommittee of the district. When the salary of themembers of the committee had to be decided, thepeasants generally considered it too high for them,and, letting the nobles and the merchants have it,got it diminished by one-half for themselves. Wemust not forget that the men who behave in thisway towards their former lords and masters wereserfs yesterday, and that they are for the first timecalled to discuss not only their own affairs—whichthey were used to, thanks to the ancient organizationof the Russian commune—but the generalaffairs of a whole district also. Do not think, however,that their modesty reaches total abnegation.In one district the nobles, full of the prejudiceswhich are now so absurd, showed some displeasurein finding themselves side by side with peasants,acting the same part as they, voting with them, andso on. There the peasants knew how to maintaintheir rights and independence, and voted for menof their own class. chef-lieu action All the district assemblies, after having voted theformation of the administrative committee, namethe deputies for the larger assembly in the chieftown in the province, which, of its turn, choosesamong its own members the members for the provincialadministrative committee. The central committeeseems to interest the peasants less than thoseof the districts, and this too is owing to their modestyand moderation. In the course of time theywill learn that they, as well as the nobles, can playa pert in the general committees. Another field is offered by the new law to theactivity of the peasants in the local or municipaltribunals. The law unites several rural communesin one canton (volost). Each canton, each commune,chooses an ancient, assisted by a conceil. Inevery canton is a tribunal to judge the peasants'affairs. Ancients and judges are elected by peasants;noblemen are not submitted to these tribunals,but it has happened that some of them preferredhaving their difficulties with peasants settled bymunicipal judges rather than by the usual tribunals.This jurisdiction, established merely for peasants,has great importance, owing chiefly to theprivilege of deciding, not only according to generallaw, but also according to local customs. Opportunitieshave not been wanting for the good sense ofthe peasants to show itself in these municipal tribunalsand councils, and the success of the institutionis clear to every one. volost ancient conceil. After expatiating at such length on the Russianemancipation, allow me, sir, to say a few wordsabout another emancipation also accomplished bythe Russian Government. I am the more desirousbecause it seems to me to be little known; in Europe,and to be appreciated in a very insufficientand erroneous manner. I mean the emancipationin the Kingdom of Poland. The Polish peasantsin the grind duchy of Warsaw were, it is true, proclaimedpersonally free by a decree of Napoleon I.,and the introduction of the French code civil; but,in fact, they remained in the same condition as before,on account of the law which united in thehands of the proprietor the judicial and executivepower, with the right of corporal punishment. Thepeasants were always unhappy in Poland: the Polisharistocracy, whom history adorns with suchbrilliant qualities, could never be praised for theChristian virtue of brotherly love, if they ever consideredthe peasants as brethren. Their indifferencefor the fate of the peasants contributed mostto the decline and fall of that unfortunate nation.A paper published in the Quarterly Review (April,1863) exposes the state of Poland in that respect ina very striking manner. I have explained withsome detail the emancipation of the Polish peasantsin a paper, written in Russia, which I intend publishing.The third and last chapter speaks of theKingdom of Poland, and is translated in French.Tint translation, as yet unprinted, I can send youif you like, and you may put it to whatever purposeyou choose. code civil Quarterly Review I have felt, as you may well imagine, the mostsincere interest in all that has been going on inAmerica during these latter years. I lamented,from the depths of my soul, the death of your President,who, by the strength of his honesty, the firmnessof his noble mind, placed his name in historynext to the greatest man of modern times, your immortalWashington! I lamented his death themore because his latest speeches and manifestationsmade us hope that the glorious triumph of theNorth Americans would put an end to all the evilssuffered by every one in your country. The promotersof the criminal and immoral insurrectionhave undoubtedly deserved the highest punishment,but they have undergone it already, they suffer itstill. In fact, what punishment can be more cruelthan to witness the whole world applauding the triumphof the North, the triumph of right and liberty,and the total ruin of the cause those miserable menhave been fighting for? Compared with such afailure, all ordinary punishment seems a trifle, a deliverancerather. As to the negroes, who must just now particularlypreoccupy those who have spent their lives in defendingthe unhappy creatures, I see with intensepleasure that many distinguished men in Americaare trying to secure for them the right of suffrage.As I write, I have on my table the Anti-SlaveryStandard of July 1, and I find therein Gov. Holden'sdiscourse the following words: "No peoplehas ever yet bounded at once into the full enjoymentof the right of self-government." It seems tome that the poor negroes, in receiving the right ofsuffrage, would not, by that atone, enjoy at onceself-government; and I, think that, putting asideboth right and expediency, the general welfare requiresthe removal (as far as it is possible) of all thebarriers that unfortunately exist between the tworaces. If you deprive the blacks of the right ofsuffrage, you continue to keep them aside, separatedfrom the community; and, in spite of personal liberty,they will always be considered by the whitesand by themselves as pariahs; and that feelinghas certainly its inconveniences—even its dangers.One must not chaffer with man for the rights ofman. The rights that law, in whatever country,gives men must be the same for every one. Thewords of the Hon. Governor find, in my opinion, astriking refutation in what took place and is stilltaking place in Russia and Poland. The peasantsthere did not "bound at once" from the state ofserfs to that of freemen, but enjoy, nevertheless, asreal a self-government as the political state of thecountries allows. Evidently our peasants were in acondition far superior to that of the negroes, but itis just on account of their inferiority that the mostefficacious means must be employed to change theirstate; and nothing can be better than the right ofsuffrage, elevating them at once to the same levelwith the whites. Prejudices alone would then remainto be deplored and fought against; the lawwould be free from all reproach, the legislator wouldhave done all he could possibly do. Anti-SlaveryStandard Under the impression of what is going on in myown country, I cannot help wishing that the Americanswould give the freedmen some land, not, ofcourse, in sending them to settle far away as colons,but in allowing them to settle wherever they canhave some land of their own. Then only will theyfeel sod appreciate the advantages of a free andindependent life. Then only will they try to increasetheir welfare, and that would certainly givehands to the great proprietors for cultivating theircotton. The freedman, when once he has understoodthe advantages of working on his small bit ofland, will not be satisfied with it alone: he will goand look for other work, in order to make his lifemore and more easy and happy. Accept, sir, my best compliments and kind regard. N. TOURGUENEFF. Vert-Bois, July 14, 1865. Vert-Bois *"L'organisation des blens des Apanages, en vue deEmancipation des payeans selgueuriaux." [Aug., 1857.]"Résumé des disposition basées sur le reserit impérial du20 novembre, 1857." [Mar., 1858.] "Pora! (It esttemps!)" [Oct., 1856—July, 1858.] "La question deEmancipation et la question. l'administration des paysans."[Oct., 1858.] "Un dernier mot sur l'émancipationdes sefts en Russie." [1860.] Besides numerous articles.—Ed. Nation. *"L'organisation des blens des Apanages, en vue deEmancipation des payeans selgueuriaux." [Aug., 1857.]"Résumé des disposition basées sur le reserit impérial du20 novembre, 1857." [Mar., 1858.] "Pora! (It esttemps!)" [Oct., 1856—July, 1858.] "La question deEmancipation et la question. l'administration des paysans."[Oct., 1858.] "Un dernier mot sur l'émancipationdes sefts en Russie." [1860.] Besides numerous articles.—Ed. Nation. Ed. Nation. † The commune of Starodoub.—Ed. Nation. † The commune of Starodoub.—Ed. Nation. Ed. Nation. *"The class of Russian serfs has always been, aboveand before all, the object of my affections—affections themore lively as I have never seen any one render these menthe justice which is their due . . . Yes, I love those goodRussian serfs, and even to the sacred heard which still distinguishesthem, everything in them is for me an object ofrespect." [La Russie et les russes, 1847.]—Ed. Nation. *"The class of Russian serfs has always been, aboveand before all, the object of my affections—affections themore lively as I have never seen any one render these menthe justice which is their due . . . Yes, I love those goodRussian serfs, and even to the sacred heard which still distinguishesthem, everything in them is for me an object ofrespect." [La Russie et les russes, 1847.]—Ed. Nation. La Russie et les russes, 1847. Ed. Nation. 

 A meeting of leading planters was recently held inthe parish of Lafourche, to consult on the measuresto be adopted to extort labor from the colored men;—in other words, to restore slavery. It appears thatthe laboring masses are no longer willing to work forthe former wealthy planters, who used to treat thepoor men as brutes and who got up the infamous warof secession, and who are still refusing to recognizeand admit their utter defeat, and the progressivemarch of liberty and humanity. Colored men nowhave the right of working for whom they please; andif they choose rather to set up on their own account,or to prefer as employers Union men and friends ofuniversal suffrage, they simply exercise a soundjudgment and an established right. For doing this,they are constantly charged by their former brutalowners with indolence, vagrancy, etc. But, so longas they act the part of good, honest, industrious andloyal men, they need not care what their former ownerssay of them. But, reverting to the meeting of planters at Lafourche,these gentlemen,—many of them, perhaps,still red with the blood of Union men,—have come tothe conclusion, as we are informed, "after repeatedefforts to sustain the planting interests, that the cultivationof the sugar-cane must be abandoned for lackof laborers; that there are ninety-nine chances to oneagainst the success of the cotton culture; and a generalcultivation of corn, as a last resource, would overstockthe market, and ruin the planters." We had thought the rebellion had already ruinedthe planter. He can't stand it long with heavy mortgagesresting on his plantation, his laborers emancipated,his want of money to secure their services,and his rebel sympathies to drive them from him. Thelessons of experience are often bitter as well as useful. These planters, we are told, "are discussing emigrationto Brazil." Has it come to this? Those who,but a few years ago, were lords over the poor negroes,and by war tried to become the lords of their Northernfellow-citizens also, now talk of colonizing elsewhere!O, what a fall is here!—New Orleans Tribune. are discussing emigrationto Brazil. New Orleans Tribune. 

 Gen. Schenck delivered an address at Portsmouth,Ohio, on the 18th inst., in which he repeated thedeclarations concerning the President's policy madein his Chillicothe speech. At Portsmouth the Generalspoke as fallows: I may be allowed to say here, that I had an interviewwith the President just before I left Washington,some ten days ago, before coming home tomeet my fellow-citizens in the canvass for the approachingelection. I sought that interview forthe special purpose of informing myself as to hisviews in reference to the executive power, and hisgeneral purpose as to the restoration of the rebelliousStates. I knew the frankness of his character,his devotion to the country, the energy withwhich, having determined in his own mind what isright, he would pursue it to the end; I knew theresolve, which he boldly expressed on the floor ofthe Senate in the commencement of this struggle,denouncing the traitors as they deserved; and Iknew that, though he might make some mistake,there could be no mistake about his patriotism, andthat that resolution would be carried out to its fullestextent. With this confidence in our chief ruler,I sought an interview with him. In that interview I expressed to trim the doubtand jealousy that existed in the minds of the peopleof the country, and especially in the minds ofthe people of Ohio—doubts whether, under the policyhe had adopted, we were not going too fast inbringing back by untried processes these rebel Statesinto full communion with those that had never leftthe Union fold. I told him that that doubt mightperhaps rest on a misunderstanding as to the extentto which he proposed to carry that policy. I said,and I think you will justify me in Laving said so,that if his purpose was to establish temporary governments,experimental in their nature, by the appointmentof these provisional officers, in order totest their disposition to go ahead, and come back ingood faith, and with the full purpose of abiding bytheir obligations to the national government; andif, in addition to that, be proposed to keep enoughof the military power stationed in different parts ofthe late rebellious States to supervise their conduct,and reach forward the strong hand, if necessary, tokeep them in the right way, we would be satisfiedwith such experiments. And, moreover, I said wewould be better satisfied still if we should definitelyunderstand that it was no purpose of the Executiveto forestall the action of Congress, the representativesof the people, but that when they should assembleand determine whether, in addition to havingtheir local executive privilege in the States,these people were ready to return to full communionwith the government, by being represented inthe councils of the nation. I am glad to be able to say that the assurance Ihad from the President justifies me in saying that,although this was the policy be meant to pursue,it was only an experiment. He said that he hadno purpose of interfering with the action of Congress:the experiments being made were but a preparationof these people for a better and snore improvedcondition. And so far as keeping watchover them by armed force is concerned, he pointedto what had taken place in Richmond, Virginia,and assured me that where they acted in bad faithby selecting men for office because they were rebels,the military would be ready to sweep away theirwork. [Cheers.] With this understanding, I for one, as a citizenof Ohio, and representing a portion of her people,stand here to-day, giving my unqualified support tothe course pursued now by our President, intendingto wait and see what will be the outcome of thiserring people. Everybody knows how, during the progress ofthis rebellion, we have had to contrast black patriotswith white rebels. Everybody knows thatwhile the white people of the South have nearlyunanimously lifted, their parricidal hands to strikedown our national flag and destroy the governmentit represents, the poor, oppressed and downtroddenblack men, even the slaves upon their plantations,have sympathized with our Onion soldiers,and served them in every possible way. Everybodyknows that not only has this been their universaldisposition toward the Union cause, but thatin the dark hours of the nation's trial, when thestruggle was so evenly balanced that the worst fatewas feared for our cause, these blacks were calledupon to furnish their arms, their hearts, their lifeblood,in the contest that was to settle our commondestiny. And this day we have more than 100,000of them bearing their muskets, under the stars andstripes of our country. Something, therefore, isdue to them; how it shall be paid is a question yetto be decided. The President has thought it well,in attempting to lead these insurrectionary Statesback, to interfere as little as possible with the lawsof their several States. He has, therefore, whencalling upon thorn to present Constitutions that shallbe satisfactory to the rest of the nation, asked thatthey be presented as coming from those who possessedthe right of suffrage before the rebellion, andwere willing now to purge themselves of the disabilitiesto which they have recently been subjected. We know not what sort of Constitution they maypresent; whether they will provide for the enfranchisementof their late slaves, or whether they willcontinue to deny it to them. But I take the boldstand here, and am prepared to maintain it, thatwhen they present their Constitutions, whether theyprovide for negroes voting or not, until a furthercondition is complied with I shall oppose their readmissionto the privileges of the other States. Asfar as voting is concerned, I am free to admit that Iwould rather have the vote of a black man with awhite heart than the vote of a white man with ablack and rebellious heart. [Cheers.] But I amnot willing to receive either of them yet. [Renewedcheers.] I am for keeping all of them out yetawhile. I am for waiting until the work is finished—until I have proof of such disposition on the partof the rebels as will insure that no other rebellionwill again break out, and destroy our peace andprosperity. * * * If no other representative of the peoplemakes the proposition before me, I pledge to youmy promise that early in the next Congress I willpropose this further amendment, that from this timeforward, for all the States alike, the Constitution ofthe United States shall be so changed as that representationshall be founded upon voters, and notupon population. [Applause.] Let us look into this matter, and I especially askthe attention of any Democrats who may be present,for I want them to answer whether there is anythinganti-democratic or anti-republican in thisproposition. By the present three-fifths rule, supposingthe slaves still remain in bondage, the followingare some of the results: Maine, by the census of 1860, bad a populationof 626,959, and on this population was allowed fiverepresentatives. Alabama had a population, of 526,431, just 100,000less than Maine, but she was allowed, underthe three-fifths rule, seven members—two more thanMaine. seven Vermont had a population of 314,389, uponwhich she was allowed three representatives. three Sooth Carolina had a population of 291,385—20,000 less than Vermont—and upon that, becauseof the large number of her slaves, she was allowedsix representatives—twice as many as Vermont,though Vermont has the greatest free white population. six Pennsylvania, with a population of 2,849,266, isallowed twenty-four representatives; while NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida,Mississippi and Louisiana, all combined, have anaggregate free population of 2,829,785—10,000 lessthan Pennsylvania alone—and yet they are allowedthirty-nine representatives—fifteen wore than thesame population in a tree State. But let the Constitution of the United States standunchanged, slavery being extinguished, and whatwill follow? Why, that the other two-fifths will berepresented: and how many of these are there inthe slave States? 1,589,212 more will be represented,when you come to add the other two-fifths.This will give to the South, in addition to the greatadvantage she already has, fourteen more votes inCongress. Then the Southern States I have mentionedin connection with Pennsylvania will havefifty votes in Congress to her twenty-four, white havingonly the same voting population. By the adoption of the amendment to the Constitutionthat I propose, it is true that it may becomea question with the people of Ohio whetherthey will, in case the South enfranchises its blackpopulation in order to get a representation for them,do the same for the colored people. For myself, Iam willing to meet the South on this ground. Ifthey can afford to give the ballot to their millions,surely we can afford to give it to our thousands. But this is a question for the future, and I shallnot discuss it new. Let us amend the Constitutionso as to make it to the interest of the SouthernStates to have their negroes vote, if they thinkproper. In the process of time, as the negroes becomeeducated, and fitted for the right of suffrage,if they wish to widen their representation by givingthem the right to vote, well and good. But, untilthey do that, they must stand where they do in regardto representation. This is the platform upon which I propose-tostand. I shall not discuss the question whether weshall force upon the rebel States negro suffrage. Iwill not discuss the question whether we shall allowthem to vote in any of the States. I would simplyso emend the Constitution in favor of freedom andin favor of equal representation, as that these peopleshall see it to their interest to let every intelligentlover of freedom vote, and give them the privilegeof so doing if they choose. 

 The following are the important resolutions adoptedby the convention of colored men assembled, theother day, at Nashville, Tennessee, and remarkablefor being the first real negro convention held in theSouthern States: Whereas, In the merciful providence of God, thedoor of bondage has been thrown open, and the coloredpeople of the United States are free; and Whereas, We have not yet attained to all the privilegesof freedom, but we believe that we have, incommon with all mankind, a right to all those inalienablerights, viz: "Life, liberty, and the pursuit ofhappiness;" therefore, Resolved, That we will make use of all the necessarymeans, such as the erection of school-houses andmeeting houses, and the employing of proper personsqualified to fill them, that we may secure to our-selvesand the race all the blessings that God has connectedwith civil and religious liberty. The following resolutions were also adopted: Resolved, That we will endeavor, by all lawfulmeans in our power, to remove from among us all andevery species of vice which tends to demoralize anddestroy our much afflicted people. Resolved, further, That we will endeavor, by ourindustry, our civil and political economy, so to securethe confidence of the Government and the citizens ofthe Republic that they will esteem it their highestprivilege to bequeath to us and our posterity all theprivileges that are secured by the Constitution as therights of the people. Mr. Roper offered a resolution for the Committeeon Agriculture to inquire and report the amountof land under cultivation by colored men in Tennessee. The following resolutions were read and adopted: Whereas, It is generally considered among thewhites at the South, and by many at the North, thatwe are consumers, and not producers; therefore be it. Resolved, By the Convention, that there be a committeeof five appointed on agriculture, whose duty itshall be to report the amount of lands under cultivation,this year, by colored men, amount of produceraised, &C. 

 ☞General Grant was most enthusiastically receivedby his loving fellow-citizens of Galena. Hewas so moved that actually he made a speech thatcontained thirty-two words! 

 Second Lieutenant W. Clark, of the Freedmen'sBureau, who was sent to investigate the condition ofthe freedmen in the lower counties of Maryland, theirtreatment, &C., has reported the result of his investigationsto the main bureau here. He says: "Manycomplaints are made by the majority of planters ofindolence and impudence on the part of the negro; ofscarcity of labor; of increase of crime; of the perniciousinfluence of the Freedmen's Bureau, in incitinga spirit of insubordination, and of the attempt ofmilitary authority to place in abeyance their Statelaws regarding negroes. They also complain of thedisposition of the Government to insist on their supportingthe infirm and aged of their former slaves,and threaten resistance to such action. The freedmen complain of the neglect and refusalof their employers to pay them; of ill treatment; ofthe opposition of a reunion of families separated byslavery; of the resort to old methods of punishment,of the impossibility of securing protection to eitherperson or property by appeal to civil authority; ofsuffering caused by planters turning away their agedand infirm servants to die of want and exposure, orbe taken care of by the Government; of the refusalof many planters to hire those who have relations inthe service of the United States." Lieut. Clarksays: "It is a noticeable fact that the statementsmade by the freedmen coincide fully with those ofthe few loyal white men whom I met with during thisjourney, though it is not surprising when we considerthat the treatment of loyal men in this section hasbeen similar to that received by the freedmen. Severalaffidavits of loyal white men are included in thereport, showing that men who have been faithful tothe Government cannot secure justice before the civilcourts." Numerous instances of cruelty practised by the disloyalplanters upon their late slaves are also cited toprove that the negro in lower Maryland is more inhumanlytreated now than he was before the abolitionof slavery. The families of slaves enlisting in thearmy, made free by President Lincoln's proclamation,have to endure peculiar hardships from the prejudiceexisting among the people against those who havebeen in the army, or who have husbands, fathers orbrothers there. Many old and infirm people havebeen driven away by their former masters, not beingeven awarded the care end protection given by a humanemaster to a faithful horse. These have beentold to go and let the Government take care of them.As soon as emancipation took place, the planters generallywent before the Orphan's Court, and had thecolored children, their former slaves, bound to them,thus perpetuating the separation of families. They have been apprenticed under a section of theold code, which provides that children born in apprenticeshipshall also be bound. Notwithstanding thatthis law has been pronounced unconstitutional by onejudicial tribunal of Maryland, the decision is little regardedin this section of the State, and every obstacleis thrown in the way of the parents for recoveringtheir children by those who have them in possession,and by the local authorities. In conclusion Lieut. Clark says: "The sentimentof disloyalty to the Government is wide-spread. Icannot better show the truth of this than by the following:In one entire district in Prince George county,180 out of 180 voters are disfranchised. Amongthem is a physician who, when the colored troopswere being organized at Benedict, in that county,told his friends that he was going to be appointedSurgeon there, and would poison the niggers." 

 General Schenck, in his Ohio speech, takes theground that suffrage and representation should beidentical; and while he is willing that the rebelStates should exclude the blacks from voting, he insiststhat they should not be counted in the basis ofrepresentation. This scheme would deprive thelate slave States of thirty members of the House ofRepresentatives and thirty electors for President,which they would have if the blacks as well aswhites were counted; and it would do away withone of the gravest objections to the present plan ofreconstruction—that it at once deprives the negroesof the most important privilege of citizenship, whileit makes their mere presence in their respective localitiesa source of immense political power to theirlate masters. This power is great enough to givein some places a voter recently in arms against theGovernment twice, and in other places thrice, theinfluence in the election of President and membersof the House of Representatives, which is enjoyedby a voter in Ohio and New York. But General Schenck's scheme requires anamendment to the Constitution before it can go intoeffect, and it seems to us impossible that such anamendment should receive the assent of three-fourthsof the Stales, as General Schenck would includein the enumeration all the rebel communities,whose basis of representation it would affect. TheDemocratic party in the free States would opposeit, and so would a large portion of the Republicanparty. The Republicans would be inclined to thinkthat a State could not be said to have that "republicanform of government" which the Constitutionguarantees, where one-half of the free citizens werenot counted in the basis of representation, any morethan it could be said to have that form where one-halfof the free citizens were excluded from theright of suffrage. But the most damaging objection to the scheme,from a republican point of view, would be its effectin delivering over the black population, bound bandand foot, to the tender mercies of Stale legislation.Forming no part of the national political power ofthe South by their numbers, they would be relentlesslyoppressed by the whites who had control Ofthe States in which they dwelt. They would becounted out, not only of politics, but of justice andhumane feeling; and their condition as nominalfreemen would probably be worse than as chattelslaves. In fact, the only solution of the question isto withhold suffrage from the rebel whites until it isgiven to the loyal blacks, and to let the former understandthat they will be under military rubs untilthe great body of she freemen, black as well aswhite, are "qualified" as voters.—Boston Transcript. Boston Transcript. 

 General Rufus Saxton has undertaken to establishregulations in relation to marriages among the lateslaves. The order was issued at Beaufort, S.C., onthe 11th of August. The fourth section determinesthe status of conjugal partners, etc., as follows: "First,—The marriage of all parties living togetheras husband and wife at the time of obtaining theirfreedom, or solemnized since obtaining it, will be acknowledgedas legal and binding. Second—All parties whose marriage was only amutual agreement between themselves, with no publicform or ceremony; are required to have their marriageconfirmed by a minister, and obtain a certificateof the same. Third—No parties having agreed to enter the marriagerelation will be allowed to live together as husbandand wife until their marriage has been legallysolemnized. Fourth—All parties claiming to have been married,but separated by Slavery, and having no certificate oftheir marriage, must obtain from society or church apermit for their re-union, before they will be allowedto live together as husband and wife." The same section also defines the relations of husbandsto the wives had by them while in the state ofslavery: "Fifth—A wife when restored by freedom to herhusband, if he be living with no other wife, shall bereceived by him as his lawful wife, except for moralcauses. Sixth—If a man living without a wife find twowives restored to him by freedom, the one havingchildren by him and the other not, he shall take themother of his children as his lawful wife, unless heshow cause as provided in section iii. rule 4, first. Seventh—If a man living without a wife shall refuseto renew the marriage relation with a formerwife restored by freedom, who may desire such renewal,there being no moral or legal objection to thesame proven by him, he shall be held responsible forthe support of such wife, and also of all his childrenby her, so lung as they remain minors. Eighth—No man, failing for want of cause provento obtain a release from renewing his marriage relationswith a former wife, will be allowed to marryanother woman so long as such wife may live, or untilfor just cause she shall have married another. Ninth—Every man marrying a woman havingchildren shall be responsible for their protection andsupport so long as they remain minors. Tenth—A husband living with a wife, having nochildren by her, may be permitted to take a previouswife, provided: 1st, He have children by such wife who are stillminors. 2d, That such wife have no other husband knownto be living. 3rd, That his present wile assent to such change oftheir marriage relations. "Eleventh—If a former wife utterly refuse, uponapplication made by the husband, to renew her formermarriage relation with him, he may notify some societyor church of the fact of such refusal, and ask fora release from said wife. If after due notice given bysuch society or church to the wife refusing, she fail toshow any moral or legal objection as provided for inthese regulations to the renewal of her former marriagerelations with him, then the society or churchacting in the case shall grant to the man a releasefrom all his obligations to her as a husband, and forthe support of all his children by her." The concluding remarks of the General declarethat the "sacred institution of marriage lies at thevery foundation of all civil society. It should becarefully guarded by all the agents of this Bureau.It is hoped that these rules many do something tocorrect a monster evil, which meets us at the verythreshold of our work." 

 Extract from an interesting speech delivered byGen. Howard, of the Freedmen's Bureau, at a recentmeeting of the Maine Freedmen s Relief Society:— I see that it is stated that Gen. Cox, who is acandidate for Governor of Ohio, has given it as theresult of his experience, and observation, that thewhile and black races cannot permanently live togetherin the country. How, I have the highestrespect for Gen. Cox. I esteem him as a thoroughsoldier, a true patriot, a Christian gentleman. Butmy experience leads me to a conclusion diametricallyopposite. If my individual likes and dislikes maybe referred so, I know that I can employ a negro,and he and I can live together; and, if that is thecase, there is no reason why another two cannot doso likewise. It shows that it is not a natural, instinctiverepugnance in us against the blacks. Further,I am conscious that I could employ twenty-fivenegroes on a farm, and live with them, not onlywithout hating them, but could love each and everyone of them. I will use that strong term.But you say, "that is not social equality." Socialequality is an absurdity. It does not exist anywhere,not here in Augusta. But, "in talking ofemploying negroes, you suppose the white man wassuperior." Perhaps in the average he is. But"would you like to see white men employed by negroes?"In answer I would say, that in Washingtonone of the wealthiest citizens is a colored man,and he employs white clerks, who cannot only endurethe degradation, but are very glad of the employment.He transacts a very large business athome and in the West. This may seem to you ananomaly—an absurdity. It is not; it is simply uncommon.There is a prejudice, and there is a conventionalismagainst it, but the prejudice is not radicalnor instinctive, and all conventionalisms are liableto change. Let me tell you my method of solving the problem—how to rid ourselves of this prejudice. It is,get more of the spirit of Christ. Thai will substitutelove for hate in our prejudices. But you willsay, "this is not practical; the love of Christ is notso wide-spread as to render this available." Well,then, interest will do it. We cannot dispense withtheir labor. Oar intercourse, which we must holdwith them as our employés, will serve to dissipateour prejudices. This is my opinion, and I can backit up with facts. Maryland has become a free Stateby her own act. In the southern part of Marylandthe slave-owners were devoted to the institution.It was of "divine origin." Slavery was the "normalcondition of the black race." they hung toit as long as they could, but fortunately in thenorthern part of the State were brave men, whofought against it, and they finally triumphed. Immediatelythe former owners of slaves were determinedto drive off their hands from their old homes. They could live with them as slaves, but not asfreemen. How is it now? They have agentswhom they send to Richmond and elsewhere, to collectfreedom to labor for them. They must havetheir help, and they are engaging as many as theycan get. They are willing to pay from $13 to $15for ordinary hands; they want the women for houselabor, and the prospect is that there will soon bemore negroes in that section than there were formerlyslaves and free people of color. They willhave no trouble in living with the whites, nor thewhites with them. Thus it will be everywhere. There are many other things connected withthe operations of the Bureau which I have nottouched upon. I might speak of marriage, howhard we are trying to bring families together, tohave marriages solemnized by ministers of the Gospel,and striving to encourage and secure a higherstate of morality among this people. In the matterof binding out children, too, we discountenanceall such apprenticeships, without the consent ofparents. Where it has been done without theirconsent, we help parents to find their children andbring them back. The question of colonization itsometimes brought up. We say, colonize as manyas you please, with the consent of the colonized.If they wish to go to Liberia, or elsewhere, the Governmentand the bureau will help them, but it will-forceno one. Thus it will be soon that we havedifferent systems in operation, and we shall continueto keep them in operation, until circumstancesrender any one of them detrimental to our object,when it will be immediately abandoned. Ithink that all we have to do in to aim at absolutejustice to the blacks and whites, watching the signsof the times, and keeping a steady rein. I amquite sanguine of the result. I know there are murdersin Mississippi and Georgia, and disturbanceselsewhere, but these are individual cases and notthe rule. The work is going on cooperativelywell, I think; and, while we should be prepared forany contingency, we have a right to be sanguine.I believe that when God sent us forth to liberatethis oppressed race, he did not mean that they shouldbe wholly engulphed. He intended that they shouldbe free, and free to some purpose. If we attemptto reénslave them, or to bind any heavy burdensupon them. He will chastise us again and again.The signs of the times are that God meant that weshall do right. The Bureau has to depend upon voluntary associations for a great deal of its work for sendingteachers into the field, and partially to relieve thepoor and distressed. No appropriation was madeby Congress for the work before us; and whenmoney once gets into the treasury, we cannot get itout again without special appropriation. WhenCongress meets, I shall lay our wants before it. Untilthen we must depend, to some extent, on the associationsalready formed. Of this society (theMaine Freedmen's Relief Society) you know something.Its officers are generally personally knownto you, and you are also aware that it is an auxiliaryto one of the great national associations whichgive the Bureau material aid. I am opposed to a permanent establishment inWashington, for the purposes for which the Bureaulabors. I think our only efforts should be witha view to an end of all this. The subjects are entirelymatters for State control; and when anyState shows that it is able and willing to undertakethe work—willing to take care of its own poor, andto deal justly by its colored people—we shall be disposedto let them. Not until then. The Bureau over which I have been placed is aresponsible post, and in its administration I needyour earnest support. Yet it is a work that especiallyneeds the Divine blessing. It is God'swork. It is a benevolent department of the Government,placed at Washington, that the Christianchurches and voluntary benevolent societies, and alllovers of justice, may have a friend near the headof the Government. They can rest assured thattheir interests will be cared for, so far as it is in thepower of the Bureau to do it. The responsibilitiesof the administration are yours and the country's,as well as mine; and if we discharge them in thefear of God, doing what is right in His sight, anddealing justly with the people for whose benefitthe Bureau was established, we may truly makeour nation what we all wish it to be—"a notionwhose God is the Lord." 

 FREEDMEN OF HAMPTON. The old and once aristocraticprecinct of Hampton, Va., affords peculiar attractionsto the freedmen. On certain fine farms, nowconfiscated to the United States, 4500 of these peoplehave settled. They are divided into 800 families,each in a tenement built by themselves. They ownproperty estimated al $51,000, have built five churches,pay their pastors $1050 per annum; 587 of themcan read and write, and there are 915 church members.They also have a store in Hampton managedby an association of their own, filled with goods coating$75,000, which does a brisk and paying business.Having brought things to this prosperous condition,and cultivated the farms on which they labor in amode much superior to that under the old system, itis but natural that they should desire to reap the benefitsof their industry. The old owners, however, are nowventuring back, and seeking to gain possession of theirconfiscated lands. The negroes, through their counsel,have offered liberal sums to have all claims satisfactorilyadjusted, and have altogether conducted in soreasonable and just a manner as to compel the admirationof those who most doubted the results of emancipation.Such evidences prove that it is the negrohimself who is to conquer and remove the difficultiesof his situation, and to accomplish which he onlyneeds fair play.—Boston Journal. REEDMEN OF AMPTON. Boston Journal. 

 The scene at the White House on Tuesday, whenthe fire-eaters had a piece of the Executive mind,is thus described in the Washington Republican ofthat evening: Republican Some fifty persons were present, most of themseeking pardons. A Mr. Keitt of South Carolina,(not Lawrence M., be having been killed by a loyalbullet at Fort Wagner,) approached the President,and informed him that he desired a pardon. "Whathave you done?" asked Mr. Johnson. "I opposedsecession until my Stale decided to go out ofthe Union, then I determined to go with it I neverjoined the army. I did nothing to bring on the rebellion,"was toe reply. "You," rejoined the President,"are like all the rest; you did nothing. Now,"he added, "my experience is, that men who didn'tjoin the rebel army, but who acquiesced is rebellion,were the most mischievous and dangerous men wehad. I cannot pardon you, sir." Mr. Keitt madeseveral other efforts. Among other things be remindedthe President that he had come all the wayfrom South Carolina, and had been in Washingtonsome time; that hotel living here was very high, andaltogether his daily expenses were extravagantlylarge, and that he would like to get away at soon ashe could go. The President responded that the hardships ofwhich he complained were the direct results of therebellion; that he did not bring on, or contribute tobring on the rebellion; that he was not responsiblefor and could not extricate Mr. Keitt from the difficultieshe complained of, nor hasten his pardon onaccount of them. The President was firm. Hisanswer was a finality. Exit Keitt. A Mr. Birch,member of the late rebel legislature of Virginia,next approached the President, and applied for apardon. Similar questions were put to him by thePresident as were asked Mr. Keitt. From the answersit appeared that Birch did nothing, only, as amember of the Virginia Legislature, in obedienceto instructions, be voted that Virginia should secedefrom the Union of the United States. That is allhe did; that was "nothing." The President refusedto pardon him. Exit Birch. Next came a rebel clergyman who asked thePresident to grant him a pardon. "What great sinhave you committed that you come here in clericalrobes to crave Executive pardon?" "I was arebel," was the answer, "and I desire your Excellencyto pardon me that I may be restored to citizenship,and be able to support and live under the Governmentof the United Stares." "You rebel preacherr,responded the President, "have done the Governmenta great deal of harm. You have proclaimeddevilish doctrines and misled the people. Yon forgotthat it was your duty to yield to the powers thatbe. You must rest awhile upon the stool of repentance.I decline to grant you pardon at present."Exit reb. clergyman. The President here remarked, addressing the entirecrowd in the room, that it was a little singularthat most of the non-combatants who had comebore from the South for pardon assert that they didnothing, were opposed to the rebellion at the beginning,only acquiesced, and thought the rebelgovernment ought to have surrendered earner andstopped bloodshed; yet not one of them took advantageof the amnesty proclamation offered byMr. Lincoln, an act which would have shownsincerity on their part, and contributed so muchtoward saving the enormous expenditure of life andtreasure. "I will grant no more pardons for thepresent," was the emphatic conclusion of the President,and turning to Col. Browning, he directedhim to issue the order to the Attorney-General. 

 ☞The old slaveholders die hard. Even in "myMaryland" they cannot realize the changed conditionof the colored man from slavery to freedom, nor willthey until they are punished severely for some of themany barbarities they are constantly inflicting on thisclass of persons. Recently, at a political meeting heldin Charles county, Md., while a gentleman was addressingthose assembled in favor of the election ofthe only loyal candidate for the office of County Clerkout of a dozen present who were seeking the office, acolored man named Craig, who bad the temerity tocheer the speaker, was set upon by a number of plantationoverseers, among whom was George Mudd, abrother of one of the conspirators recently convictedat Washington, and beaten in the most shameful manner.A rope was put about his neck, after he hadbeen disabled by blows, and an attempt was made tohang him on the spot, which was frustrated by theconsiderate portion of those present. He was thensent to jail for attempting to defend himself from theoutrages of his persecutors. Warrants have beenissued for the arrest of the parties engaged in theaffair, but the state of society in the quarter wherethey reside does not justify the hope that they will bepunished.—Chester (Pa.) Republican. Chester (Pa.) Republican. 

 ☞The Tribune's despatch say, General Grantremarked recently, that sufficient evidence had beenadduced, during the late conspiracy trial and since,to convict Jeff. Davis of complicity in the assassinationof President Lincoln, and that the fate of theconspirators settled that of Jeff. Tribune's 

 A LETTER FROM GENERAL. JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON.The Fredericksburg (Va.) Ledger of Tuesday publishesthe following letter of Gen. Joseph E. Johnston:— ETTER FROM ENERAL. OSEPH OHNSTON. BUFFALO SPRINGS, UFFALO PRINGS Mecklenberg Co., Va., Aug. 17, 1865. You ask my views of the future course and futureinterest of us all. The case is so pain that very littlecan be said or written upon it. We of the Southreferred the question at issue between the UnitedStates to the arbitrament of the sword. The decisionhas been made, and is against us. We acquiesce inthat decision, accept it as final, and recognize the factthat Virginia is again one of the United States. Ourduties and interests coincide. We shall consult theone and perform the other, by doing all we can to promotethe welfare of our neighbors, and to restoreprosperity to the country. We should be once commencethe duties of peaceful citizens, by enteringupon some useful pursuit, qualifying ourselves to voteif possible, and at the polls our votes should be castfor conservative men—men who understand and willmaintain the interest of Virginia as one of the UnitedStates. This is the course which I have recommendedto all those with whom I have conversed on the subject,and that which I have adopted for myself as far aspracticable. Very truly yours, J.E. JOHNSTON. 

 A Washington correspondent of the Portland Advertisersays he has heretofore indulged the belief that"Present Johnson would ultimately shake off thetrammels of the Republican party" and ally himselfwith the Democracy; but it grieves him "to be compelledto say that the indications are that there is noprospect that this will be done soon." The followingwhich this disheartened correspondent relates, seemsto be the cause of his diminished hopes of seeing thePresident restored to the Democratic fold:— Advertiser "A conversation has been detailed to me, whichtook place recently at the White House betweenPresident Johnson and a gentleman from one of theWestern States, prominent in the Republican party,which, I have reason to believe, expresses the determinationat which the President has arrived, inhis treatment of the Southern people. At this interviewthe President said, in substance, that hewas satisfied of the impolicy of making any fartherreduction in the army; that be doubted the genuinenessof the loyalty professed by a majority of thepeople of the South; that treason and rebellionthere, though crushed and repressed, still existed;that he would be glad to restore to the people of theSouth all their political rights, but that he wouldnot do it until he was certain that they would notabuse the privilege, by election to office of rebelsand traitors; that the recent elections in Virginiamade it quite clear that the people of that Stateare not heartily loyal, but would, if the opportunitywere offered to them, elect rebels and traitors tooffice in preference to Union men; that as soon ashe is convinced of the unquestioned loyalty of anyState, ho will withdraw the troops therefrom, andallow it the utmost freedom of election, etc.; butuntil he is so convinced, he intends to keep the presentmilitary force in each Southern State, and touse the military power in order to present the electionof rebels and traitors. He said, furthermore, that the contingency mightarise, nor was it improbable, when be should feel itto be his duty to remove the present provisionalgovernors, and place the government of those Statesentirely under the control of the military officers incommand of military department there; and intimatedthat it was with that view that the militarydepartments had been created. But he said that itdepended entirely on the people of the South themselveswhether he would do that or not; but thatthey must be made to realize that no person whohas been prominently connected with the rebellioncan be elected to office. If they can only learnthrough the presence of the military, why theymust learn it in that way. Such is the substance ofthis remarkable conversation on the part of thePresident." 

 Mrs. Jefferson Davis, her mother and sitter, hersons Jeff. and Bob, and daughter Maggie, arrived atNew York a few days ago from Savannah. The objectof their trip, as they informed fellow passengers,is to place the children at some Canadian school foreducation, though Mrs. Howell (Mrs. Davis's mother)feared that they would not be able to get any fartherthan New York, they were "such big rebels," MasterJeff, talked a good deal about going to Europe,and said that when he got back he would show theYankees what he could do. Mrs. Davis kept veryquiet, it doubtless being one of the conditions of hertaking the trip at this time, that she should travel incognitoas much as possible. Mrs. Howell and thechildren passed through Albany, Tuesday, for Montreal. 

 Extract from a stirring and eloquent Address, deliveredat North Adams, (Mass.) July 4th, 1866, byHon. James T. Robinson:— Gettysburgh was the great pivotal battle of thewar. On that immortal field, the prestige of Leeand his veterans was broken as with the peals ofthunder, this ending the last invasion of the North.But the war still went on,—went on till our humanityhad been tested and illustrated in ourtreatment of rebel prisoners—in Sanitary andChristian Commissions; until the devotion and silentheroism of the women of the Republic had beenmanifested; until oar statesmanship, oar generalship,our heroism, oar unparalleled resources andpower, our financial capacity, our patience, ourfidelity to the rights of man, were thoroughly tested;—went on until the Negro was clothed with theuniform, and grasped the bayonet of the Republic,and had demonstrated his courage—had met hismaster and oppressor, face to face, with unflinchingbravery on the field, and settled that question forever;—went on till Grant had achieved that amazingcampaign of the Mississippi, fighting againstfortifications all the way, clearing the great river tothe Gulf of the rebel hordes; until the stalwartButler, at New Orleans, had taught the Nation theonly way to govern a rebel city, and that those whotrample upon the flag ought to die, as Cromwelltaught England that kings had a joint in their necks;until glorious Joe Hooker had stormed LookoutMountain, five hundred feet in the air, and thundereddefiance above the clouds; until the heroicSherman had marched from Chattanooga to Atlanta,driving Johnson out of twenty-five fortified strongholdsin the fastnesses of Northern Georgia, andthen, with his triumphant legions, cutting thatswath of fire sixty miles wide through the heart ofthe Confederacy, to the sea. The war went on untilold Farragut, lashed to the main-mast of theHartford, had plowed his way through the boilingsurges of Mobile to the gates of the city; until thedazzling Sheridan had sent Early "whirling throughWinchester," and retaken the valley of the Shenandoah;and, finally, until the grand hour of indomitableGrant and the Republic had come, and hehad burst through the defences of Petersburgh, andhurled those Potomac veterans and heroes uponLee and Richmond, crushing treason and slaveryforever, amid wildest cheers and pealing thundersof cannon. One other trial, perhaps the greatest after all, Icannot pass over. In the Summer of 1864, beforeSherman had reached Atlanta, and before the victoriesof the Valley, the canvass of the presidentialelection was opened. As the canvass progressed,the danger of our situation grew more and morepalpable and grave, till at last the hearts ofthe most sanguine were sick with fear. A popular election in time of peace is a severetrial. It is, in fact, the constant and peculiar perilof Republics. It is the one trial which the popularexperiments of the past were unable to stand. Buta general election in the midst of a gigantic civilwar, in which thirty States and thirty millions ofpeople were engaged—that was a spectacle whichthis earth never beheld before, and probably neverwill again. We had half a million of men in thefront, and the line of battle stretched nearly acrossthe continent. We were spending three millions ofdollars a day, and taxes were increasing, and themountain of debt piling op higher and higher everyhour. That nothing should be wanting to makethe situation as trying and critical as possible, adraft was impending and actually in progress, to fillup the fearful gaps which the growing fury andcrisis of the conflict were making. Besides, theelection involved the removal of the Commander-in-Chiefof our armies, and an entire change of the programmeof the war. In fact, the issue distinctlypresented by the Chicago Convention was "an immediatecessation of hostilities." The rebels on bothsides of the tine comprehended, at once, the periland the opportunity. Here was a chance to get rid of Lincoln, andelect in his place a President, who, if he did notagree with them, would at least adopt a differenttone and policy. Any one was preferable to thatwise, and devoted, and unconquerable man, who hadthus far baffled all their plans and hopes. Herewas a chance to assail the government, to attack ourgenerals, to show that our victories were barren, oursufferings and losses useless, our taxes enormous, ourdrafts unconstitutional, our sons being murdered byabolition fanatics, and the war continued to enrichcorrupt officials and favorites. This would demoralizethe army, dishearten the generals, alarm capitalists,divide and confuse the people, producetumult and riot, and overwhelm us all beneath thewaves of defeat and anarchy. And to put theresult beyond all doubt, a soldier should be nominatedto dazzle and mislead the people against aplain civilian—an old trick of despots and demagogues.It was plainly a rebel flank movement. Ido not mean that all who voted that ticket weredisloyal. By no manner of means. Thousands ofpatriotic and loyal, though mistaken men, voted it;yet the purposes of the rebels and the leaders weretoo manifest. Now, fellow-citizens, stop a moment, and look atthat peril. It makes us shudder now to think of it.This was the supreme crucial teat of the Republic.It never bad been applied before on this earth. Topass through it required the greatest calmness,steadiness, intelligence, patriotism, and courage. Itdemanded rarer qualities than any which the trialof battle involved. Thus we stood, through that terrible Summer andAutumn, fighting a double battle—a battle in thefront with bayonets, a battle in the rear with ballots,and liable to defeat in both, and yet lost foreverif we failed in either. Two battles proceeding atthe same time—one a battle proceeding atballs, and shells; the other, a battle whose "weaponswere thoughts, whose shells were firey inspirationsof truth, and whose sword was the spirit of ajust God." Tell me if that was not the crowningtest of man's capacity far self-government? Tellme if there were not crowded into that trial everydoubt, every cavil, every peril and exigency andstrain, which all the tyrants and tones of all ageshave ever suggested or imagined? If we can passthis, we can pass anything, and every thing, whichtime and tyranny can bring in the future. Well, the election came; you remember it well,and cannot soon forget it. How the storm of denunciationburst upon the President, the Government,the Generals, the Army! How the copperheadshissed! What tricks, what visa arts, whatforgeries of soldiers' votes, living and dead! Whatplots at Niagara, and of the "Knights of the GoldenCircle"! What appeals to fear, avarice, love ofplunder and office! What a wild, hideous carnivalof disloyally and demagogueism it was! The windsof discussion were all let loose, and the tempestraged with unchecked fury. You do not forgetthis. And you remember, in contrast, the sublimeconduct of the loyal millions—their solemn religiousearnestness, their courage and self-command,their sacrifice of party ties and interests, their invincibleintelligence, and their grand fidelity to theRepublic. To complete the wonder and grandeurof the scene, the soldiers in the ranks voted in thepauses of the battle, holding the bayonet in onehand and the ballot in the other—thus smiting atraitor with each hand. The battle of the ballot was won. The soldiersand the people were one. The ballot supportedthe bayonet, and the bayonet protected the ballot.The thunder of the Electoral Urns answered backthe roar of the cannon, and mingled in one mightydiapason of joy and triumph. That shattered theRebellion everywhere—smiting Richmond, Londonand Paris at the same moment, with mortal fear anddismay. That awed the world with a now revelationof popular might, and will yet change everygovernment on the face of the earth. After this, our Eagles flew to victory, crash followingcrash in rapid succession, until the final explosionat Richmond. It is over. Aristocracy and despotism are overwhelmed.The greatest conspiracy of history againstFree Institutions and the progress of mankind isannihilated. The eleventh century crumbles beforethe nineteenth. The Slave Ship yields to theMay Flower. Plymouth conquers Jamestown.The Barbarism of the Plantation kneels to theChristian civilization of the Puritans. Once againthe Cavalier flies before the Puritan, as his ancestors,two hundred years before, on the fields ofMarston Moor and Nashby, showed their silkenbacks to Cromwell. The trial and teat of twohundred years are over. The great Republic, triedby fire, saddened and chastened by the conflict, butterrible and glorious, ascends through smoke andflame to unending sway and splendor. 

 AN IRRESISTIBLE ILLUSTRATION. Harper's Weeklycontains what can only be called an irresistible illustrationof the franchise question. On one page"Freedom" is represented seated on a chair of State,resting her right arm on a shield, while with her righthand she supports her forehead as if in deep, profoundstudy. Kneeling at her feet are some of the principaltraitors, and below the group appears the word "Pardon;"with the question of Columbia—"Shall I trustthese men? This picture is truly suggestive, and iswell calculated, alone, to appeal to the judgment andthe justice of all who love the country. But the illustration,in juxtaposition, gives to Columbia's questiona strange significance. The illustration opposite representsColumbia standing erect on the porch of theCapitol, and by her side a negro soldier on crutches,one leg having been amputated. Beneath this pictureis the word "Franchise:" and as if in continuationof the Illustration. "Shall I trust these men?"appear the words, "And not this man?" We defythe true man to gaze on such an Illustration and notfeel stirring in his heart an emotion of gratitude andjustice to the black man.—Washington Republican. N RRESISTIBLE LLUSTRATION. Weekly Columbia Shall I trust these men?" And not this man?" Washington Republican. 

 Gov. Marvin, of Florida, talks as sensibly atGov. Hamilton, of Texas. Here are extracts froma speech made by the former at Jacksonville on the2d inst:— As one of the results of the great rebellion, Slaveryhas ceased to exist. With the fall of the Confederacy,its corner-stone crumbled to dust, and thewinds have scattered it. The war which was commenced,among other reasons, for the purpose ofperpetuating the black man's bondage, has, in theprovidence of God, brought him freedom. He cannever be enslaved again. [A great shout from thecolored people.] No form of slavery can ever beestablished again in this country. From all I canlearn, I think, too, that the people of this State notonly recognize this fact, but they are now generallybecoming glad of it. The Constitution which youwill be called upon to form will recognize the neworder of things, and secure freedom to all alike. With slavery out of the way, there will be nothingto hinder a restoration of our Constitutional relationshipwith the general government, and our becominga great, prosperous, homogeneous and happypeople. In the United States Senate, Florida willbe the peer of New York, and in the lower houseshe will be fitly represented. The restoration ofcivil government will be through a Convention, tobe called at no distant day to alter or amend theState Constitution. No time should be lost in becomingqualified to vote for members of the Convention. But what will be your conduct when the wheelsof the civil government are set in motion, and thestrength of the military force is greatly reduced inthe State? Will you behave better than formerly?I remember the organization called the "Regulators,"and the terrorism exercised by them, and thelynching and the murders which occurred in someparts of the State. I trust when the civil authoritiesare once more established, that you will all yieldto them and to the laws the heartiest support. Thespirit of malice and revenge must be banished fromamong us, and every one must embark in a missionof peace and good will. If you would see your fairland happy, inviting capital and good citizenshipto come among you, you must see to it that JudgeLynch and his infernal cohorts are never allowed toscourge the country again. Let every one yieldsupreme obedience to the laws, and prosperity willfollow. And you, Freedmen, have now exchanged masters.You must now make law your master, for itis the law which is to protect you in your freedom;no other course leads to happiness and honor. Willyou stand by me, and other officers who may be inauthority, and obey the laws? Obedience to thelaws is freedom. My knowledge of the past makesme earnest in this matter. We are about to enter upon a new career. Betweenthe two races, a good understanding must becreated and continued. Some persons, disappointedand vexed, will not have any faith in the coloredman. They will not think of him with pleasure,now that he has become free. They have no anxietyto see him socially and morally elevated becausethey have not faith in his capabilities. Let me sayin all plainness to such, Try him. Give him achance. Teach and encourage him. Your prosperity and happiness are now inseparablyconnected with the welfare of this people.Their elevation will add to the power and prosperityof the State. They cannot remain in a stationarycondition. Their movement must be upwards,or they will become, in many cases, the veriest vagabonds,and rest like an incubus upon the country.In many respects the white man is superior to thecolored man, and his responsibility is correspondinglyincreased. We want the colored people here.In their muscles and sinews the State has immensewealth; but that they may be made available, wemust treat them kindly, give them an education, andmake them an honorable part of the body politic. And you, my colored friends, must not be idle orlacy. Labor is the law which God has imposedupon us all. I have been, and expect to be, oneof the most laborious men in Florida. If you arerespectful to all and industrious, you will be protectedby the law in the enjoyment of all the rightsof humanity. You must keep away from taverns,and try to educate your children in the fear of God.Send them to the Sunday school. The white man, too, must school himself to thisnew order of things. His responsibilities and dutiesare of the moat imperious character. He mustmeet them like a hero, or the worst of consequenceswill follow to him and family. Schools must be establishedall over the land. Northern teachersmust be welcomed. Some of them have their peculiarities;but what of that? Let them comeamong us. We must also send out teachers andmissionaries from among us, and interest ourselvesin the promotion of intelligence, virtue, and generalelevation of all the people of the State. The ministersof the gospel have a heavy responsibility in thismatter. They should be constant in season and outof season in exhorting and rebuking, with all long-sufferingand patience, and in teaching and instructingthe ignorant and wayward in a knowledge oftheir moral and religious duties, and to promotingpeace on earth and good will to men. Let every man, woman and child, throughout theState, cease to murmur or complain against the dispensationof Providence, but cheerfully and hopefullyaccept the new order of things, as comingfrom Him whose ways are not as man's ways, andwhose thoughts are not as man's thoughts. Thereis a bright prospect in the future for our beautifulState. The storm is past. The rainbow of promisein sewn in the dissolving clouds. Let each man dohis duty, and God will bless us. 

 The manner in which Secretary Seward came toknow of the death of President Lincoln was singularlytouching. A correspondent of the PhiladelphiaBulletin says: Bulletin "Mr. Seward had been kept in ignorance of theattack on the President, his physician fearing that theshock would be too great for him to hear, and allnewspaper were rigidly excluded from his room. Onthe Sunday following the assassination, the Secretaryhad the bed wheeled around so that he could see thetops of the trees in the park opposite, just potting onthe sprint foliage, when his eye caught the stars andstripes at half mast on the War Department, on whichhe gazed awhile, then, turning to his attendant, said:"The President is dead." The attendant stammeredand changed color as he tried to say nay, but the sagaciousold man said: "If he had been alive, hewould have been the first to call on me; but he hasnot been here, nor has he sent to know how I am, andthere's the flag at half-mast." The old statesman'sinductive reasoning had told the truth, and he lay insilence, tears coursing down his gashed cheeks, as thedreadful truth sank into his mind." 

 NEGROES FOR MAINE. A New York paper saysthat a lot of one hundred and fifty negroes, en routefor Maine, arrived at that port on Saturday from Richmond,to be employed it wood-choppers. EGROES FOR AINE. 

 SEPARATION OF RACES. We have said that thewhite inhabitants of the South would never permittheir colored children and grand-children to be separatedfrom them, and colonized in a distant country."You will never let them go," said we to ourwhite cousins and uncle. The Bee, whose declarationwill not be suspected in this matter, already protestsagainst a separation of races. "We are convinced,"says that paper, "that Gen. Cox overstates,as far as the population of the South is concerned, thenatural antagonism between the races. A more extendedobservation than that which his military life inthe South afforded would have corrected exaggeration.He would have seen that the two races, when leftto adjust their relation without exterior pressur orshock, manifest a singular aptitude for amicable coexistence."The large number of children of mixedblood does not admit of any doubt about it. EPARATION OF ACES. Bee We told you, gentlemen, that you would not letthem go.—New Orleans Tribune. New Orleans Tribune. 

 We have copied worn the Traveller a very warmcommendation of the Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, forthe eminent service he has rendered the country,which we believe is most richly merited. To no men—not excepting the lamented President Lincoln—isthe republic more indebted, on the score of unflinchingloyalty, incorruptible integrity, lofty patriotism,profound sagacity, and masterly ability in the dischargeof his onerous duties—than to Mr. Stanton.In some respects his responsibilities have been unequalled,and sufficient to crush any man, one wouldthink, however physically powerful or mentallystrong. It is really a marvel that he has not longsince succumbed to the mighty pressure; yet, if hehad done to, where could his equal have been found?Of course, he has had his full share of abuse, misrepresentationand disparagement to encounter from theenvenomed lips of rebels and copperheads, and evenfrom some making the loudest professions of loyaltyto the Union; but this he has met with admirable patienceand marvellous self-control, never once stoppingby the way to notice any of his assailants, either forexplanation or defence. Can this be paralleled in politicalhistory? Traveller 

 A "CONCILIATED" REBEL. The Nashville correspondentof the Chicago Tribune gives the followingspecimen of the conciliated rebel feeling: A widowof a leading rebel or that city, who was endeavoringto obtain possession of her husband's property, wasthe speaker. "General," said the," I have taken theoath of amnesty. I didn't take it because I liked orbelieved in it. I want my house back. Of course,its requirements will be obeyed. But oath-takingcan't make me love you. How I hate your country—hate them all! We are not converted; we are notsubjugated. I am frank. General, you see. You'lllike that better than hypocrisy, I reckon. But weshould have succeeded if Jeff Davis had not been incapable,and our Congress imbecile. I gave two sonsto the war, and I would give two more to fight youagain, if I could." ONCILIATED EBEL. Tribune 

 A Charleston (S.C.) correspondent of the PhiladelphiaChristian Recorder says that the colored citizensare making commendable progress in commercial,moral, social, religions and intellectual development.The idea of entering into business relations of a mercantilecharacter is gaining prominence. Many coloredpersons are opening grocery stores, and doing agood business. A large dry goods store is neededthere, kept by some enterprising colored merchants,who could accommodate a very large number offarmers who bring their produce to market, and exchangethem for goods, and also the country people,(colored.) who bring in their gold and silver with themto purchase goods. Christian Recorder Old fashioned wagons may be seen every day unloadingat some store cotton or wool, owned by some"gentleman from Africa." It is amusing to see theparticular attentions bestowed upon them by the"gentlemen from Caucasis." Black faces, thick lips,woolly heads, and elongated heels, all lose their repulsiveness,and the African and Caucasian stand uplike men, with perfect freedom, and transact theirbusiness without the least fear of the Caucasian racebeing degraded by the contact. This is the key, he says, which is to open everydoor of prejudice against the race. This is the panaceawhich will heal all the maladies of a Negrophobiatype. Let the colored man simply do as any bodyelse in business does, be self-reliant, industrious, aproducer of the staples for market and merchandise,and he will have no more trouble on account of hiscomplexion than the white man has about the color ofhis hair or beard. Let him demonstrate, by a practicallife, his capacity for good citizenship, and there isno power which can hinder the ultimate triumph ofright in his favor. The lines of steamers plying between Charlestonand New York have not, as yet, granted any respectableaccommodations to colored people. TravellingNorth on them, they must take the steerage or none.So, if they want a comfortable trip, they must waitand find a government vessel. Such are the blessingsof northern enterprise bestowed upon colored peopletravelling. The writer asks—"Will not some of oar friendswho own ocean steamers place a line to run from thissection of the country North, which will carry anydecent man for his money? If they do, they willreap a rich harvest. The colored people of this countrywill give them all their patronage and trade.They will not ship a bale of cotton North, with oneof those pro-slavery steamboat owners." There is great need, he adds, of a secular newspaperthere, under the direction of a prudent and competentcolored editor—one who is liberal in his views,and comprehends the magnitude of the crisis inwhich we live—a paper through which might be advocatedthe interests of the colored citizens of theSouth. The man or company of men who wouldengage in such an enterprise at this time will conferlasting benefits upon their race, and be handsomelyremunerated for the labor bestowed. 

 SLAVERY AND SECESSION ANNULLED IN MISSISSIPPI.Jackson., Miss., 21st. The Convention to-dayadopted the following amendment to the State Constitutionby a vote of 86 to 11:— LAVERY AND ECESSION NNULLED IN ISSISSIPPI. Jackson., Miss. st. "The institution of slavery having been abolishedin the State of Mississippi, neither slavery nor involuntaryservitude, other than in punishment of crime,of which the party shall have been duly convicted,shall hereafter exist in the State, and the Legislatureat its next session, and thereafter as the public welfaremay require, shall provide for the protection and securityof the person and property of the freedmen ofthe State, and guard them and the State from theevils that may arise from their sudden emancipation," The convention has passed an ordinance, declaringthe ordinance of secession null and void. At an informal meeting of the delegates in their individualcapacities, a memorial was presented, expressedin eloquent terms, petitioning President Johnsonto extend pardons to Jefferson Davis and GovernorClark, which was acquiesced in by all present. 

 ORGANIZATION OF A NATIONAL FREEDMEN'S ASSOCIATION.At a meeting held in New York onFriday, in which the principal Freedmen's Associationsof the country. East and West, were representedby prominent gentlemen from Boston, New YorkPhiladelphia, Baltimore, Cincinnati and Chicago, aNational Association was organized under the title of"The American Freedmen's Aid Commission." RGANIZATION OF A ATIONAL REEDMEN'S SSOCIATION. Bishop Simpson was chosen President; Wm. LloydGarrison and John V. Farwell, Vice Presidents;Fred. Law Olmstead, General Secretary; Jacob R.Shiperd, Associate Secretary, and George C. Ward,Treasurer; which officers, with J. Miller McKim andJ.M. Walden, Corresponding Secretaries of the Easternand Western Departments, constitute a Board ofManagers. The Commission comprises a number of prominentand active friends of the Freedmen's cause sufficientlylarge to represent this work of benevolence in everypart of the country, and make it really national in itscharacter. Its object is to promote the elevation of the freedmen,and to coöperate to this end with the Freedmen'sBureau. 

 AN INSULT TO THE PRESIDENT. A special Washingtondispatch to the New York. Evening Post says,that among the crowd of applicants for pardon thatthronged the President's house on Friday, there wasa man who brought a letter to President Johnson froma distinguished politician. It was to the followingpurport: "That the hearer was a poor man, who wasnot possessed of the five hundred dollar which heunderstood was necessary to obtain such a document,and trusted to the generosity of the President to grantthe pardon." Those who were present will never forgetthe language and manner of the President. Hedeclared that the letter was a gross and unwarrantableinsult, not only upon himself, but upon every memberof his household, even to the humblest page in attendance.The man, by his order, was immediatelyconducted to the door. N NSULT TO THE RESIDENT. Evening Post 

 ☞THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY, for September, isreceived. The present number is unusually excellent.It opens with the beginning of a new serialstory, by Trowbridge, entitled "Coupon Bonds,"which promises well. Rev. D.A. Wasson contributesan acute criticism on "Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship."The "Needle and Garden" and "Dr. Johns"are continued, and Mrs. Stowe, in the last of her"Chimney Corner" series, runs down the domesticfox "exactingness." A lively essay by Gall Hamilton,"A Visit to the Edgeworths," and a review of"Our Militia System," are among the other note-worthypapers. HE TLANTIC ONTHLY 

 FURTHER DESTRUCTION OF WHALERS. A SanFrancisco telegram of the 3d inst. says the followingvessels have been destroyed by the pirate Shenandoah:Herman J. Howland, Nassau, Brunswick, James Manny,Waverly, Martha, and Congress, all of New Bedford.The Favorite, of Fairhaven, Covington, ofWarren, and the Neil, were bonded to carry the seamenbelonging to the vessels to San Francisco. Thelast seen of the pirate, she was steering toward LawrenceBay. The Neil saw other vessel burning afterleaving the pirate. The crews of the vessels capturedwere plundered of everything valuable. URTHER ESTRUCTION OF HALERS. 

 NEW WORK. Bela Marsh, 14 Bromfield street, hasjust published a new work of 120 pages, entitled "THELIVING PRESENT AND THE DEAD PAST; or, Godmade manifest and useful in living Men and Women,as he was in Jesus." By Henry C. Wright, authorof "The Empire of the Mother," "The UnwelcomeChild," "A Kiss for a Blow," "The Self-Abnegationist,""Marriage and Parentage." Its special objectis to inculcate the doctrine, that "Reverence forHuman Beings is the only safeguard of HumanRights." EW ORK. HE IVING RESENT AND THE EAD AST 

 THE PIRATE SHENANDOAH. It is difficult to repressa feeling of strong indignation as we hear of theravages of this dastardly pirate among the whalers inthe Northern seas. Even supposing that the war wasnot over, and that the poor excuse of recognized belligerencycould be offered for such a course, it is bothcowardly and characteristic of the way in which thiswar has been carried on by the rebel. The fishermenof the Northern seas are honest, peaceable andindustrious men, engaged in a pursuit which in noway affected the issue of the contest, whose destructionwould not help the case in the least, and whoseprosperous voyages, were the allowed to make them,could never have contributed to Southern defeat.There were foes enough worthy of any antagonist,had these chivalrous corsairs chosen to meet them inlegitimate combat on the high seas. But they haveuniformly been careful to attack only the weak anddefenceless, while they thémselves have kept withinthe shelter of those ports whose merchant made nosecret of their joy at the destruction of our marine.—Boston Journal. HE IRATE HENANDOAH. Boston Journal. 

 COLORED MISSIONARIES. A delegation of ColoredMissionaries Called on the President on Saturday, andwere kindly received. The Rev. Mr. Grimes headedthe delegation, and made a speech, desiring the assuranceof the President's protection while prosecutingtheir labors in the South. The President, in his reply,gave them the desired assurance, and the delegationdeparted; satisfied with the result of their interview. OLORED ISSIONARIES. 

 ☞Benj. Wood, ex-member of Congress fromMew York, has replaced his name at the head of theNew York Daily News, a editor, and closes a longeditorial over his own signature, it follows: Daily News The gentleman to whom I delegated my editorialfunction pine in a Federal dungeon, cut off from intercoursewith his family and friends, denied the privilegeof trial, held in ignorance of the fate of those whoare most dear to him, debarred from physical or mentalexercise, and with an enfeebled frame wasted byconsumption, he is left to perish by inches, beyondthe retch of judicial process or of human sympathy. The war is not yet ended. There are battles to befought, upon which great issue and mighty interestsdepend. The campaign of the future require thefriends of liberty and justice to form with full ranksinto solid phalanx, and the sentinels must be faithfuland vigilant at their posts. I place my name again atthe head of The Daily News, in token that I mean tofight this battle out; and it shall remain there henceforward,until I succumb to might, or it succumbs toright. The Daily News BENJAMIN WOOD. ENJAMIN OOD. ☞The ex-rebel General Mansfield Lovell is saidto be the editor of the New York News. 

 LETTER FROM M. TOUGUENEFF. The specialattention of our readers is directed to the highly interestingletter from this philanthropic and distinguishedRussian nobleman, which may be found onour first page, copied from The Nation. Exiled forhis noble efforts to abolish serfdom in Russia, he haslived to see that beneficent act consummated on amagnificent scale, and every thing working well, evenbeyond his strongest hopes and expectations. ETTER FROM OUGUENEFF. The Nation. 

 ☞Only about 100 rebels have been pardoned byPresident Johnson, though 25,000 applications for pardonhave been made by Soother gentlemen. Thechivalry are on their knees. The part of the beggaris new to the chevalier, but he fills it well. He seemsto take naturally to it. Among the favored few whohave found that a President's face can give grace, isold Care Johnson, whom some of our elderly readersmay recollect as a Tennessee member of Congressmore than twenty years ago, and who was even thenknown as "Old Cave." He was Postmaster-Generalunder President Polk. Now he's "caved in," and isan repentant as most rogues are who have been madeto see that they have not played the winning game.—Boston Traveller. Boston Traveller. 

 I would advise those interested in humanitariantopics to read "Needle and Garden," a serial in theAtlantic Monthly. It reveals a sad state of things, andshows vividly how the unfortunate seamstresses ofthe large cities are ground beneath the iron heel oftheir employers. Atlantic Monthly. As yet, I cannot see that the writer has much tosay in the way of suggesting a general remedy. Onething is, however, no less clear than strange. She isanxious to have it understood that she is NOT a"Woman's Rights" advocate; though every page ofher narrative shows unanswerably how fearfully a duerecognition of "Woman's Rights" is needed! Doesany one suppose that if the thousands of intelligentworking women to be found in the large cities of theUnited States had the power of voting, they could bethus trampled on? No, indeed. It is not pretendedthat the extension of the franchise would be a panacea,but it would be a step fn the tight direction. Thevote is to the citizen what the pistol is to the traveller,means of defence if bravely need, not an infallibleprotection against spoliation. There is one great difference between the work ofthe early Abolitionists and that now looming up beforethe Woman's Rights agitators. The black slave,as a general thing, was anxious to be free; the whiteone is not. He realized that he was in bondage, anddesired to escape from it; she hugs her chains, andrefuses to cast them off. The first, and perhaps thegreatest labor will be to awaken her to a sense of herdegradation. It is a thankless task, benefiting peopleagainst their will; so that those embarking to thissecond crusade against slavery must understand thattheir reward is not now. EDWARD M. RICHARDS. Mound City, Kansas. August, 1865. 

 THE DISADVANTAGES OF CRINOLINE. The NewYork papers says that, at the fire to John street onFriday afternoon, one young girl who was dangerouslyburned, and Mrs. Catharine Cleveland, who was burnedto death, might have escaped had it and been fortheir crinoline. The former tripped and fell by herhoops catching upon a nail, and she was held in thatpredicament until her clothing was nearly burned off.The latter, when her clothes took fire, ran for thestreet door, she being unable to put out the flames,her crinoline preventing her from doing to, and sunkdown at the lower part of the main stairway, whereher body was found by her husband, and identifiedonly by a ring. Not a vestige of clothing remained,except the shapeless frame of a crinoline, which stilland about her blackened limbs. Her flesh was blackand shriveled to the bone. It was entirely burnedaway from the face, the eyes being gone, and the tworows of white teeth grinning from the denuded skullin ghastly manner. HE ISADVANTAGES OF RINOLINE. ☞A St. Paul, Minnesota, correspondent of theChicago Tribune says: "I suppose Eastern philanthropistswill stand aghast as they read that the firstinstallment of bloodhounds, for the purpose of huntingIndians, if any should venture near the settlements.have reached this city. Capt. Potter paid only $65.They were dog-cheap at that price. Col. Evans, whowent South for bloodhounds, has found the Tennesseestock exhausted, and it now in Mississippi makingpurchases The 'noble savage' had better climb atree, or resort to some other method to leave thisworld, when the dogs come around." Atrocious! Tribune for the purpose of huntingIndians BOSTON, August 24 An excursion train, filledwith passengers, returning to the city last eveningfrom a pic-nic party it Abington, on the Old ColonyRailroad, collided with a hand-car on the track, inwhich were two men. The engine, tender, baggage,smoking, and four passenger cars were thrown fromthe track, three of the latter being rolled down theembankment. They contained nearly a hundred andfifty passenger, including many ladies, who weretaken out of the windows. It was found that onlyhalf a dozen had received injuries, but none of aserious nature. OSTON ☞It is now stated that over thirty persons werekilled, and between fifty and sixty others injured, byto disaster on Friday last on the Tennessee and AlabamaRailroad, it Richmond Creek. NASHVILLE, Tenn., Aug. 28. Thirteen bodies, fiveof them white, have been recovered from the wreckedcars on Richmond Creek, near Reynold's Station.One of the cars is underneath the other in the bed ofthe creek, and has not yet been reached. It is saidthat it contained over twenty negro soldiers, whohave, of course, all perished. ASHVILLE ☞Gen. Kilpatrick, who writes as well as hefights, and who is travelling through North Carolina,has written a letter on Southern reconstruction, inwhich he says that that sort of work has been commencedfour years too soon. He has no faith in the"loyalty" of the Southrons, and predicts the worstconduct on their part as soon as they shall have recoveredtheir political power, and reformed their alliancewith their old Northern flunkeys, the democrats. Allthat we hear from the South confirms what it said bythis brave and discerning soldier, who knows whereofhe writes. ☞At Gen. Grant's reception at Galena, one ofthe arches under which the procession had to passbore the words, "General, that aid walk it built!" ☞Mrs. Gen. Grant is soon to be presented witha dress comb, pair of drop ear-rings, and brooch,made in part of the wood of the celebrated Appomattoxtree under which Lee surrendered to GeneralGrant. BEECHER UP A TREE. In the Sierra Nevada thereare gigantic trees. Visitors who will insert a marbleslab in the bark, and inclose the tree by in iron rail,have the privilege of naming a tree. Mr. BenjaminC. Howard, of San Francisco, white on a visit to theSierra recently, chose one 800 feet high, and 51 in circumferencewhose bark is two feet thick, and namedit "Henry Ward Beecher." It stands next to onenamed "Lincoln." EECHER UP A REE. ☞Betsey Wilder, a negro woman, died in Richmondlately, aged one hundred and eight years. Shewas present at Yorktown, Virginia, when Cornwallissurrendered his army, and used to relate with peculiarpleasure many incidents connected with that memorableevent. A son, ninety years of age, attended thefuneral of his venerable mother. This old negroman reside at Petersburg, and, apparently, bids fairto attain even a greater age than his mother. ☞The estimated number of visitors at Newportis 10,000. Of the summer residences owned and occupiedby persons from abroad, 53 belong to NewYork people, 26 to Boston, 18 to Philadelphia, 12 toProvidence, 5 to Baltimore, and. 15 to other place.These do not include the hired cottages. ☞The Nashville Republican says that the proofsthat the Alabama slave oligarchy intend to re-establishslavery at soon as the Federal troop are withdrawnfrom the State, "crowd thickly upon us almost everyday." Republican ☞The Chicago Journal says that Mr. EdwardKetchum kept open house at Chicago but summerat the time of the Democratic Convention which nominatedMcClellan, and spent hi money freely. Journal ☞The Virginia negroes are imitating whitefolks in almost every respect. At Leesburg, on Tuesdaylast, they held a regular tournament, at whichthe dusky population from the surrounding countrywas present. About ten knight, some of them mostfantastically dressed, entered the list. A large crowdwas in attendance. ☞There was a proposition, the other day, inRaleigh, North Carolina, for a dinner "to be given bythe people of this city and county to friends recentlyin the Confederate service." General Rogers put astop to it. ☞President Hopkins of William College, in hisrecent Baccalaureate Sermon, held it "to be demonstrablethat the second table of the law—'Thou ahaltlove thy neighbor as thyself"—is the only law of astable society. It is radical. There is in it the intensestradicalism. The very essence of it is to giveto every human being his rights—to every human being.What more can radicalism ask?" to every human being. POLITICAL. It is estimated that the pro-slaverymen in Kentucky may have a bare working majorityof two in the Senate, and sixteen at least nominalmajority in the House—that is, 58 to 42. Thelast House stood 68 "Opposition" to 32 "Union," andthe Senate 26 "Opposition" to 12 "Union." OLITICAL. LEE, THE PERJUNER AND TRAITOR. A writer inthe New York World eulogizes Robert E. Lee. Heis "an illustrious leader," whose sword "has neverbeen stained by had faith or dishonor." EE, THE ERJUNER AND RAITOR. World This writer is apparently not aware that Lee deliberatelyviolated his oath of allegiance to the UnitedSlate, by which he had been educated and honored;that he is guilty of treason as well as of perjury, andthat he is responsible for more useless and criminalbloodshed than any other living man, except it is JeffersonDavis.—Chicago Republican. Chicago Republican. ☞The Mobile Register gives an account of ameeting of negroes said to have been held near thatcity, at which 900, tired of freedom, resolved to returnto their masters. Rather doubtful! Register ☞The Great Eastern arrived safely at Crook-havenon Aug. 17. The prospect of the cable weregenerally regarded as hopeful, and the quotation ofshares improved 3/4 per cent. It was thought that arrangementwould be made for the immediate renewalof effort to recover the cable. ☞Paymaster Eddy, who was lost on the steamerBrother Jonathan no the Pacific coast, at the time wason his way with $200,000 to pay off troops in Oregonand Washington Territory. His clerk were alsolost. ☞Two trains—one eastward, the other westwardbound—collided on the Long Island RailroadMonday morning. Four passenger were killed, andfrom 20 to 30 wounded. CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 29. Gov. Brough died atone o'clock this afternoon. LEVELAND ☞Two Northern men, who had opened a tradestore near Tuskeegee, Macon county, Ala., detected anegro in stealing something from their stock. Theytied him up and whipped him with such severity thathe died soon after being released next morning, Thetraders afterward fled to Cuba. ☞The Anti-negro-suffrage party of Ohio isdwindling to nothingness very rapidly. To a Callmade for a convention in Scott county, about a dozenresponded, and four of these were secessionists Theproportion is about the same in other counties whereconventions have been held. ☞Joe Johnston, while at Fortress Monroe, wasasked if he would like or see Jeff Davis. He replied:"I do not wish to see him, or hear his name mentionedeven." A SAD AND FATAL ACCIDENT. We learn from acorrespondent that Rev. Dr. Eli Ballou, the proprietorand editor of the Vermont Repository, a weekly paperat Montpelier, together with Mrs. B. and his brother-in-law,Mr. Wheelock, and Mrs. W., were on a visitto their relatives in Central New York, and while descendinga hill the horse became unmanageable. Dr.B. jumped from the vehicle, Mr. W. was instantlykilled, and the ladies and Dr. B. were much injured.The escape of any of the party from death seems amiracle. AD AND ATAL CCIDENT. Vermont Repository A monument to John Brown it talked of is TorringtonCt. where he was born. 

 ☞The Baltimore American says that the DentonUnion, one of the stanchest Administration journals inMaryland, displays the motto, in its editorial columns,"Opposition to Negro Suffrage in Maryland." Contemptible!Such unjust proscription is sure to maketrouble in the end. American Union 

 will be published July 6, 1865. will be published July Its main objects will be— First—The discussion of the topics of the day, and, aboveall, of legal, economical and constitutional questions, withgreater accuracy and moderation than are now to be foundin the daily press. First Second—The maintenance and diffusion of true democraticprinciples in society and government, and the advocacyand illustration of whatever in legislation or in mannersseems likely to promote a more equal distribution of thefruits of progress and civilization. Second Third—The earnest and persistent consideration of thecondition of the laboring classes at the South, as a matterof vital interest to the nation at large, with a view to theremoval of all artificial distinctions between them andthe rest of the population, and the securing to them,as far as education and justice can do it, of an equalchange in the race of life. Third Fourth—The enforcement and illustration of the doctrinethat the whole community has the strongest interest, bothmoral, political and material, in their elevation, and thatthere can be no real stability and the republic so long asthey are left in ignorance and degradation. Fourth Fifth—The fixing of public attention upon the politicalimportance of popular education, and the dangers whicha system like ours runs from the neglect of it in any portionof our territory. Fifth Sixth—The collection and diffusion of trustworthy informationas to the condition and prospects of the SouthernStates, the openings they offer to capital, the supplyand kind of labor which can be obtained in them, andthe progress made by the colored population in acquiringthe habits and desire of civilized life. Sixth Seventh—Sound and impartial criticism of books andworks of art. Seventh THE NATION will not be the organ of any party, sector body. It will, on the contrary, make an earnest effortto bring to the discussion of political and social questionsa really critical spirit, and to wage war upon the vices ofviolence, exaggeration and misrepresentation, by which somuch of the political writing of the day is marred. HE ATION The criticism of books and works of art will form oneof its most prominent features; and pains will be takento have this task performed in every case by writers possessingspecial qualifications for it. It is intended in the interest of investors, as well as ofthe public generally, to have questions of trade andfinance treated every week by a writer whose position andcharacter will give his articles an exceptional value, andrender them a safe and trust worthy guide. A special correspondent, who has been selected for hiswork with some care, is about to start in a few days fora journey through the South. His letters will appear everyweek, and he is charged with the duty of simply reportingwhat he sees and hears, leaving the public as far as possibleto draw its own inferences. The following writers, among others, have been securedeither as regular or occasional contributors: HENRY W. LONGFELLOW, ENRY ONGFELLOW J.R. LOWELL, OWELL JOHN G. WHITTIER, OHN HITTIER SAMUEL ELIOT, (Ex-Pres. Trin. College, Hartford.) AMUEL LIOT Prof. TORESY, (Harvard,) ORESY Dr. FRANCIS LIEBER, RANCIS IEBER Prof. CHILD, (Harvard,) HILD CHARLES E. NORTON, HARLES ORTON Judge BOND, (Baltimore,) OND EDMUND QUINCY, DMUND UINCY Prof. W.D. WHITNEY, (Yale,) HITNEY Prof. D.C. GILMAN, (Yale,) ILMAN Judge DALY, ALY Prof. DWIGHT, (Columbia College,) WIGHT Judge WAYLAND, AYLAND FREDERICK LAW OMSTED, REDERICK AW MSTED Rev. Dr. MC CLINTOCK, C LINTOCK Rev. Dr. THOMPSON, HOMPSON Rev. PHILLIPS BROOKS, HILLIPS ROOKS Rev. Dr. BELLOWS, ELLOWS C.J. STILLS, TILLS HENRY T. TUCKERMAN, ENRY UCKERMAN BAYARD TAYLOR, AYARD AYLOR C.A. BRISTED, RISTED C.L. BRACE, RACE WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON, ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON SYDNEY GEORGE FISHER, YDNEY EORGE ISHER THEODORE TILTON, HEODORE ILTON GAIL HAMILTON, &C. &C. AIL AMILTON Terms, $3 per annum. JOSEPH H. RICHARDS, Publisher, June 16.No. 130 Nassau st., New York. 

 NEW YORK, August 24, 1865. EW ORK To the Editor of the Liberator: To the Editor of the Liberator It was justly remarked, quite recently, by anEnglish writer, who had been reading in an Americanjournal of the dullness of the previous week, that hedid not know what people could pretend to be lively,if we of this country had leisure to be ennuied. Withthe greatest social and political problems remainingto be solved—questions of debt, of taxation, of tariff—questions of suffrage, Stole and national relations,constitutional and territorial reconstruction—questionsof color and race—the Monroe Doctrine, settlementswith foreign powers—immigration, colonization, andannexation;—with this and more such business onour hands, not remotely but now, we must be diligentfellows indeed to own a vacant mind or an idle moment.True, a large allowance must be made for thepopular sense of power in a democracy—the consciousnessof strength which borrows no trouble from neverso clouded and involved a future. Yet, after all, apeace diet is to that of war as milk to spices, and apalate treated for four years to the latter may rejoiceat the change, but must inevitably in the beginningpronounce the new food fat and tasteless. The dailypress is an index of this transition; and where beforesieges, marches, land and naval engagements, victories,defeats and surrenders were blazoned in capitals,the same type now records for eyes yet hungry for asensation the blossoming out of crime that followsnaturally an era when human life, no matter howlofty the controversy, has been held cheap, while themoral forces of the community have given way to violence,no matter how clothed with righteous authority.Hence we an feasted with "saturnalia," and"carnivals," and "epidemics" of villany, of one sortand another; every railroad accident is a "butchery,"a "massacre," and at the very least a "horror." Andso, perhaps not undivinely, we are carried back from avast, all-absorbing excitement to the tameness of ourold-time prosperity, without too great a shock of suddenness,though still yearning somewhat after our recentrestlessness. There is another excuse to be offeredfor the to foreign eyes apparent apathy which isshown in the perilous crisis of our affairs. We havelearned, under a protracted military regime, the exactextent of our ability to control our war magistratesor to alter accomplished facts. The peace men shiveredtheir lances against a revolution which meantabolition, an army which meant subjugation of rebelsa President who was quite in harmony with bothUp to January, 1863, their efforts to preserve slaverywere neither vain nor hopeless; when that date hadpassed, Don Quixote was wiser in charging a windmillthan they in opposing emancipation. Up toApril, 1865, some hope of a false peace may have justifiedtheir plottings for this end; but after Lee's surrender,they were forced to accept the cessation ofhostilities which they deprecated, as not arising fromcompromise but from conquest and defeat. In theone case, accordingly, they conspired to embarrass theemancipation which they could not stave off, and inthe other, to disturb the peace which was not thepeace of their seeking. So, I take it, the loyal partyof the North have acted in regard to President Johnsonand hit policy. They agreed, willingly enoughthat the war power did not cease with the last pistol-shotor the last battle field of the rebellion. Theyyielded to the President a liberal construction of hisfunctions as commander-in-chief. From motives of genuinedelicacy they permitted him for some time, withoutprotest, to develop rapidly his digested plan of reconstruction.When they began to lose heart, theyopened their lips to caution, admonish, and finally todenounce him. It was too late. Before this monthcame in, the schedule was full—a parcel of governorshad a parcel of States, on the homoeopathic principleof similia similibus curantur, and there was an end tocaution, admonition and denunciation. Men lookedat once to the next resort, and saw it looming up inDecember—a long way off, indeed, but certain toarrive, and likely to bring relief; and when we mustwait, what is the use of being impatient? Besides,the President's scheme will approve or condemn itselbefore Congress meets, and the good cause will bestronger in either contingency. Therefore it is thatthe experiment goes on without discovering an interestcommensurate with its magnitude, or with thedestiny which hangs upon its success. Therefore themills of God, which the stream of time turns slowly,are neglected that we may watch our private grists.We are tired of processes and demand events, anddefalcation on Wall street of three or four millionsexcludes all thought of the defalcations in elevenSouthern States, for which this generation and otheryet to be must answer with much treasure and mostreluctant sacrifices. similia similibus curantur No doubt, with our improved machinery, a verygood State may be formed in something less than thethousand years required by the poet. But formationand reformation are too quite different things, and hemust be a brisk as well as clever workman, whowould build up, as the President has undertaken todo, in seven months, a republican sisterhood of Statesout of the wreck of a rotten league of despots andaristocrats. Nevertheless, he manifested no diffidenceand courted no delay. His appointees have been asnimble as himself—perhaps none more so than ourfriend, the honorable Governor of booth Carolina,who seems, if we may take him at his word, to havesurprised Mr. Johnson himself by the rapidity withwhich he had sketched out his entire course for himself, almost as soon as he had set foot in Washington.The word to which I refer is his second speech atGreenville, for which unhappily I have to-day neitherrhyme nor reason. The explanation given, before heleft the North, of his first discourse to his towns-people,was lame enough; his defence to them is absolutelyastounding. He was merely talking, he says,to his neighbors; what the devil (sic) induced anybodyelse to listen? and what right had the eaves-droppingnation to find fault with him for a strictlyprivate and confidential chat? The answer to suchquestions ought to emanate from the President, andto consist of a prompt dismissal from the office theSouth Carolinian has twice shown his incapacity tofill. The President's forbearance will not be imitatedI am sure, by the body which meets at the Capitol;and I should not wonder, if, to pervert Thomas Moorea little, (sic) "One morn a Perry at the gateOf Congress stood disconsolate Perry  Congress And wept to think his recreant raceShould e'er have lost that glorious place."  I think we may put to the credit of Judge Marvin,of Florida, the fact that he is the first and only ProvisionalGovernor who has had the courage to mentionnegro suffrage in his address to the people, andat the same time not only to admit that it is an openquestion, but to suggest to the Convention which isto meet that it is a question which they will veryproperly discuss in all seriousness. Since I began by borrowing a criticism from abroad,let me end by translating a story front the same quarter.The New York correspondent of the Independence Belge,writing the, day after Barnum's Museumhad been consumed, avers: Independence Belge "The following anecdote is told this evening. Yesterday,Mr. Bennett, the venerable editor of the Herald,was sitting in his office before an open window,conversing with a friend on the probability of the destructionof his establishment by the conflagrationwhich was advancing with giant strides beside it. 'Itis true,' said the old man, 'I have always been luckyabout fires, bat they say the devil is always on thewatch, and—' 'Good heavens!' exclaimed his terrifiedfriend, looking round. Mr. Bennett also turnedquickly, and beheld behind his arm-chair the devil inperson, or at least some one who bore a very strongresemblance to him. The editor of the Herald, whois politeness itself (in his office), was preparing to inquireof his majesty how he could serve bin, whenhe perceived that it was an orang-outang which, alongwith several other apes, had escaped from the Museum,and taken refuge in the adjacent buildings." Herald Herald M. DU PAUS. AUS. 

 DIED—In New York city, July 27, Mr. NESTOR P. FREEMAN, of Boston, aged 42. ESTOR REEMAN 

 WITH every facility for selling Wool to the best advantage,—a good store, situated in the centre ofthe Boston trade, and an extensive acquaintance withmanufacturers.—I respectfully solicit consignments. No market offers greater inducements to the Wool Growerthan this. It is the headquarters for New-England manufacturers;here are their agencies, and here it is mostconvenient for them to buy. My terms for selling are asfollows:— One per cent, per pound, and one per cent. (and governmenttax of one-tenth of one per cent.) on .  Five per cent. (and government tax) on sales. Thesecharges cover all expenses after the Wool is received instore, for three months,—labor, storage, insurance and selling.If required to carry it over three months, additionalexpenses will be charged. Interest on advances and otherdisbursements reckoned at the legal rate of this State. I shall aim to keep my consignors thoroughly informed;and all Wool sent to me will be carefully graded to suitthe market. Letters, asking information, will be promptlyanswered. Address P.O. Box 1861. References: References Messrs. HALLOWELL & COBURN, Boston. ALLOWELL OBURN Messrs. HALLOWELL, PRESCOTT & Co. New York. ALLOWELL RESCOTT Messrs. DAVIS, FISS & BANES, Philadelphia. AVIS ISS ANES Boston, August, 1865. 

 The next term begins Wednesday, Sept. 6, 1865. Forparticulars, address NATH'L T. ALLEN. Sept. 1, 1865. 2w 

 Is a concentrated extract of the choices roots, as combinedwith other substance of still greater alternative poweras to afford an effectual antidote for disease Sarsaparillais reputed to cure. Such a remedy is surely wanted bythose who suffer from Strumous complaints; and that onewhich will accomplish their cure must prove, as this has,of immense service to this large class of our afflicted fellow-citizens.How completely this compound will do ithas been proven by experiment on many of the worstcases to be found in the following complaints:— Scrofula, Scrofulous Swellings and Sores, Skin Diseases,Pimples, Pustules, Blotches, Eruptions, St. Anthony's Fire,Rose or Erysipelas, Tatter or Salt Rheum, Scalt Head,Ringworm, &C. Syphilis or Venereal Disease is expelled from the systemby the prolonged use of this SARSAPARILLA, and the patientin left in comparative health. Syphilis Venereal Disease ARSAPARILLA Female Diseases are caused by Scrofula in the blood, andare often soon cured by this EXTRACT OF SARSAPARILLA. Female Diseases XTRACT OF ARSAPARILLA. Do not discard this invaluable medicine became youhave been imposed upon by something pretending to beSarsaparilla, while it was not. When you have usedAYER'S then, and not till then, will you know the virtuesof Sarsaparilla. For minute particulars of the diseasesit cures, we refer you to Ayer's American Almanac,which the agent below named will furnish gratis to allwho call for it. YER'S AYER'S CATHARTIC PILLS, for the cure of Costiveness,Jaundice, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Dysentery, Foul Stomach,Headache, Piles, Rheumatism, Heartburn arising fromDisordered Stomach, Pain, or Morbid Inaction of the Bowles,Flatulency, Loss of Appetite, Liver Complaint, Dropsy,Worms, Gout, Neuralgia, and for a Dinner Pill. YER'S ATHARTIC ILLS They are sugar-coated, so that the most sensitive cantake them pleasantly, and they are the best Aperient in theworld for all the purposes of a family physic. Prepared by J.C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass., andsold by all druggists. Aug. 4. 2m. 

 A SITUATION as travelling nurse to wait upon an invalidlady. Good references can be given. Applyat 57 Joy street, or at the Anti-Slavery office, 221 WashingtonStreet, Boston, Mass. 

 BY K.C. Father of mercies! when the heart, athirst,Cries out with such wild clamor for the wavesWhose crystal beauty is a mirage only,Show us our comforts,—turn our eyes to seeThe cooling fruits of consolation near!Bid us remember that the well-beloved,Though distant, are this side the gates of pearl.And, Oh! dear God, whatever lot be ours,Let not the brows we love be pale with pain,And dark eyes grow too dark with depth of anguish!          No carrier dove may rustle through the leavesThat shade our lattice, to assure our heart.All day the light winds wave their idle wings,But we may send no message. God of love,Thine arms enclose us ever! Make us feelThe same strong arms are folding now, as close,As tenderly, around the loved afar!       

 BY ROBERT H. NEWELL—(ORPHEUS C. KERR.) Where ramparts frown upon the waves,That leap and crouch like hounds below,And Ocean's hoary giant slavesIn sullen murmurs surge their woe,With face upon his hands he sitsWith broken heart and wand'ring wits,And starts at every gleam that flitsFrom the sea at the window-sill;For the sound in his ear to stillAndersonville!Andersonville is the word from the sea to him,There to his cell, in the casemate lone and dim.            The sentry's step upon the wallsHe hears; but not as mortals hear;And closer with it seems to stalkA ghastly thing from off a bier—A something ever near the door,To enter once, and then no moreBe visitor upon the floorOf the man it is sent to kill!And the thoughts come quick and chill—Andersonville!Andersonville is the shadow of death to him,There in his cell, in the casement lone and dim.            Hours follow hours from morn till night,As grave on grave in silence creeps;And earth with Life's twin-brother wakes;And earth with Death's twin-brother sleeps!And all in one dead horror blends,That ne'er commences, never ends;But through his broken spirit sends,With an awful and vengeful thrill,That scene of his murderous will—Andersonville!Andersonville to the vision of Time to him,There in his cell, in the casement lone and dim.            'Twixt fort and sky the banner glows;And as the darkness wraps it round,Its vague and stifled flutter growsThe life-blood bubbling from a wound!There! there! again the creature criesFor food; and mad with suffering diesWith his own hand before their eyesWho share in his every ill,And there they bent over him still—Andersonville!Andersonville is the prison that maddens him,There in his cell, in the casement lone and dim.            The moon swims slowly o'er the walls;A damp, dead mirror of the sun;And where her light all pallid falls,The waters colder seem to run;It pierces through the dungeon gate,To make ten thousand forms of hateGrin ghastlier from each granite plateThat armors him safely from Ill!And the hiss in his ear to shrill—Andersonville!Andersonville is the dream of the night to him,There in his cell, in the casement lone and dim.            Along the billows sweeps the gull,Not lonely while she hears her wings;Not lonelier in the vapor dull,The lark unsolitary sings.With face upon his hands he sits,With broken heart and wandering wits,And starts at every gleam that flitsFrom the sea at his window-sill;And the word to hit soul to stillAndersonville!Andersonville is alone in the world with him,There in his cell, in the casement lone and dim.            

 [FROM LOWELL'S HARVARD COMMEMORATION ODE.] Such was he, our Martyr-Chief,Whom late the Nation he had led,With ashes on her head,Wept with the passion of an angry grief:For give me, if from present things I turnTo speak what in my heart will beat and burn,And hang my wreath on his world-honored urn.Nature, they say, doth dote,And cannot make a manSave on some worn-out plan,Repeating us by rote:For him her Old-World mould aside she threw,And, choosing sweet clay from the breastOf the unexhausted West,With stuff untainted shaped a hero new,Wise, steadfast in the strength of God, and true.How beautiful to seeOnce more a shepherd of mankind indeed,Who loved his charge, but never loved to lead;One whose meek flock the people joyed to be.Not lured by any cheat of birth,But by his clear-grained human worth,And brave old wisdom of sincerity!They knew that outward grace is dust;They could not choose but trustIn that sure-footed mind's unfaltering skill,And supple-tempered willThat best like perfect steel to spring again and thrust.Nothing of Europe here,Or, then, of Europe fronting mornward still,Era any names of Serf and PeerCould Nature's equal scheme deface;Here was a type of the true elder race,And one of Plutarch's men talked with us face to face.I praise him not; it were too late;And some innative weakness there must beIn him who condescends to victorySuch as the Present gives, and cannot wait,Safe in himself as in a fate.So always firmly he;He knew to bide his time,And can his fa abide,Still patient in his simple faith sublime,Till the wise years decide.Great Captains, with their guns and drums,Disturb our judgment for the hour;But at last silence comes;These all are gone, and standing like a tower,Our children shall behold his fame,The kindly-earnest, brave, foreseeing man,Sagacious, patient, dreading praise, not blame,Now birth of our now soil, the first American.                                                     —September Atlantic Monthly. September Atlantic Monthly. 

 From foes that world our land devour;From guilty pride and lust of power;From wild sedition' lawless hour;From y os slavery;     From blinded seal, by faction led;From giddy change, by fancy bred;From poisoned error's serpent head;Good Lord, preserve us free!    

 On the first day of the National Temperance Convention,held at Saratoga the present month, Rev.John Pierpont argued that the way in which the sellersof intoxicating liquors kill a man, (and they killhundreds a day in our land,) is more wicked and calamitousthan the way in which Booth killed our belovedPresident. The Convention went with him, andcheered him to the echo. But, on its last day, a majorityof the Convention refused to consecrate theirvotes to the prohibition of the selling of such drinks.It is true that, as heretofore, they resolved to "do allin their power" to get consistent Temperance meninto office. But, as it has never yet been "in theirpower" to vote against their political parties for thispurpose, it is not at all probable that it ever will be,or indeed that they intend it ever shall be. In which was the Convention right?—in that unstudiedexpression of soul on the first day, or in thispiece of policy on its last day? Clearly, in the former.Ay, but for party interest and party temptation, therewould not have been one in the Convention to takethe side of this policy. For, sorely, there was notone in it who would not have been ready to declarethat he would never vote for a candidate whose officialinfluence would serve to countenance and uphold thework of thieves. But if a technical or literal murder—even that of which Booth was guilty—has notthe abhorrent features of the crime of the rumselleragainst the body and soul of his victim, then must thework of thieves be as innocence itself as comparedwith the wholesale slaughter chargeable upon the saleof intoxicating drinks. Happily, the political partiesdo not extend their wing ever theft as well as overdrunkard-making. If they did, what security couldthere be that their members would not vote on theside of theft also? But it will be said that the sellers of intoxicatingdrinks are not as bad as thieves and technical murderers.It is readily granted, not only that they arenot necessarily as bad, but that in many respects theymay be very estimable persons. They may be unconsciousof the evil character of their occupation;and, because they are unconscious of it, it is possiblefor them to cultivate many virtues. But it is in reference,not to their personal character, but to the characterof their work, that we are to refuse to vote forthose who would protect that work. We are to votenot in their darkness, but in our own light—not accordingto their ignorance of the character of theirwork, but according to our knowledge of it. It was said that in war we cannot always vote fortemperance men. This was not denied. Indeed, allwere ready to admit that since, in a life and deathwar, the one great duty of civil government is to savethe country, so the men to be elected to civil office atthat time are those who will do most towards dischargingthat one great duty. One of the speakers,who was strenuous to have the Convention commititself to consistent voting, admitted that he voted forGen. Wadsworth and Gov. Fenton without referenceto their temperance views; and he justified himselfin doing so on the ground that, in each case, he votedfor a leader in the war, and not for a Governor, whoseduties would be the ordinary duties of a Governor.Clearly right is it to make the voting in such a waran exception to the rule of voting. At two points the Saratoga Convention did well.It adopted a good paper (written by Dr. Jewett) onthe medical use of intoxicating liquors; and it passeda good Resolution (written by Rev. Dr. Marsh) againstthe use of them at the Lord's Supper. Nevertheless,I cannot see the benefit of Temperance Conventions,nor indeed of Temperance Societies, as long as thosewho compose them shrink from resolving to stand bytheir principles at the polls. There was much displeasurein the Convention because one of its memberscalled the Anti-Slavery reform a failure, and theTemperance reform also. But nothing is plainerthan that the overthrow of slavery is not due to theAnti-Slavery reform, but to the rebellion. Never wasAmerican Slavery stronger than at the time of thefirst overt acts of the rebellion—than at the time whenCongress and people were willing to change eventhe organic law of the nation in order to affordmore protection to slavery. The failure of the Temperancereform is no less signal than that of the Anti-Slaveryreform. For, at the polls—at that vital anddecisive point—the treachery of professed friends towardthe one reform has been as common as towardthe other. How idle to deny that the Temperancereform is a failure! Never before were there so manydramshops and so many drunkards in the land. Neverbefore were the doctors making drunkards so fast.Never before were there so many streaming eyes andso many broken hearts to bear witness to the march ofIntemperance. The friends of the Temperance reformare deeply interested in claiming that it is a success.So also are the friends of the Anti Slavery reformin making a similar claim for their reform.These claims go to vindicate them from blame forvoting against their reforms. For whence the needof their voting for them, if their mere talking forthem—and this too in spite of their voting againstthem—be sufficient to insure the success of the reforms? In connection with my reference to the doctors, letme say, that of all persons who have not yet becomedrunkards, the most pitiable are they who are drinkingintoxicating liquor under medical advice. Othersdrink it upon their own responsibility, and thereforewith more or less caution. But these drink it uponthe highest authority, and therefore with no fear ofconsequences. Other tipplers often restrain their appetitethrough shame of being seen to indulge it. Butthese indulge it boldly under the impervious plea thatthey are but taking medicine. Other tipplers areopen to admonition and reformation. But these haveinfallible doctors to shield them from ignorant admonition,and to exempt them from all sense of theirneed of reformation. In a word, whilst the one, drinkingintoxicating liquor without excuse, and thereforeagainst conscience—against that voice of God in thesoul—may stop ere it be too late; the other, drinkingit for health, and therefore with an approving conscience,will, probably, never stop until life stops.Emphatically true is it that no other tippler is goingso surely to the drunkard's grave as the one who letshis doctor lead him to it. I see that many political newspapers are afraid thatthe Temperance men mean to vote for Temperance.They may dismiss their fears. American reformersare too fast bound in the chains of poitical party tovote for any moral reform, however vital it may be.They who, in the Saratoga Convention, passed theresolution on political action, did not mean to committhemselves thereby to set temperance above party.Their rejection of the amendment shows they didnot. As heretofore, so doubtless hereafter, they willcontinue to talk, write and pray for temperance, andto vote against it; to praise their Temperance Society,and to vote for their rum parties. The wonder is,that such respectable men can have the face to carryon such a farce. I do not forget how extensively it is held, that it isby suasion and not by votes that Temperance is to beadvanced. But the far truer doctrine is, that rightsuasion leads to right voting; and that the moral influenceswhich stop short of striking blows at the rumlaws, are as spurious as are the tactics by which anarmy is amused in parade, but by which it is unfittedto enter the battle-field. Nor do I forget how extensive is the denial of theright of Temperance to call on Government. Forone, I would not have Government called on to helpchurches, nor schools, nor the temperance reform.All that I ask of Temperance men at this point is that,in common with other subjects of Government, theyshall insist that Government fill its one office of affordingeffectual protection to persons and property. But,since it is obvious that such protection cannot be affordedwithout shutting up the drmshops, that greatmanufactory of madmen, incendiaries, murderers, and,it may be added, of paupers also, so the Temperancemen with all their fellow subjects are bound to requireGovernment to shut it up. Of course, I admit thatthe Temperance men are, as such, especially interestedin the suppression of the sale of intoxicatingdrinks. Such suppression, although its direct aimbe only to protect person and property, would,nevertheless, afford immense incidental benefit tothe cause of Temperance. For—not to speak of thisbenefit in other respects—what an argument againstintoxicating drinks it would be, that the sale of themis, in the authoritative judgment of Government, toofull of peril to property and person to be tolerated!  as such It is said that the prohibition of the sale of intoxicatingdrinks has been tried in various parts of thecountry, and that, wherever tried, it has failed. Iadmit that it has, here and there, been entered upon,though, no where, more than seemingly or half-heartedly.But where has it been tried? Where has itbeen clung to, year in and year out?—and by those,too, who have never fallen back into the policy of theirrum parties? No people who, for a while, have gonefor, or rather seemed to have gone for, "prohibition,"and who have afterwards relapsed into the interestsand aims of their rum parties, are capable of trying"prohibition." The stuff for trying a measure so hatedby men, and so approved by God, is not in them. entered upon tried? trying trying What, however, had "prohibition" been tried for acentury, or even for ten centuries, and had alwaysfailed?—that would not have proved "prohibition"to be wrong. Success is not the only rule of right.Nor would that have justified the abandonment of"prohibition." We are to persevere in obeying thecommand not to steal, and the command not to kill;and this, too, though there may be an increase of theftand murder. Nay, the more the increase, the moremust be the perseverance. So, too, are we to perseverein obeying the no lees plain command againstthe sale of intoxicating drinks—the sale from whichno good flows, and from which flows an amount ofevil several times greater than the sum total of allthefts and technical murders—not to say that farmore than half these murders are to be set down toits account. And the more such sale may increase,and drunkards be multiplied by it, only the more persistentmust be our endeavors for its suppression.We are to stand by the right in darkness as well asin the light. We are to believe in the right, not onlywhen cheered by the sight of its successes, but alsowhen they are too distant to be discerned. But we are confronted with the assertion that, inasmuchas the public sentiment does not cull for"prohibition," we are not to labor for it. As well,however, might it be asserted, that where the publicsentiment does not call for laws against brothels andgambling-houses, there should be no effort for theirenactment. The question in such cases is not whatthe public sentiment calls for, but what does RIGHT—what does GOD—call for. Utterly false is the doctrinethat we are not to urge a measure until the majorityare for it. If only we are convinced it is calledfor by the needs of earth and the authority of Heaven,then, though we are ever so few, we are to urge itwithout delay, without intermission, and without end.For, 1st, our obedience to our convictions is the conditionon which we retain them. 2d, Our obedienceto them is the way to impress others with their truthand value. Our own belief in "prohibition" will belikely to fade away, if we fail to act it out in endeavorsfor "prohibition." Moreover, thus earnestly andunequivocally to express our belief in "prohibition"is the way in which we can do most to convert othersto it. Our habit of voting for the interests and measuresof our political party goes far toward accountingfor the high value we put upon them. So, too, themore faithfully we vote for "prohibition," the dearerwill it become to us: and the more faithfully we votefor it, the more others will respect both as and it. Butthe objectors will say that, after all, we may fail toget "prohibition." Our answer to them is—only letnot the failure be through our fault. And they will alsosay that, even if we succeed in getting it, it may neverthelessnot be enforcen and sustained. Our answerto them, at this point, is—only let it not be through ourunsteady zeal and unfaithful voting, that it shall fail to beenforced and sustained. If there must be these failures,only let the responsibility for them be upon others,and not upon ourselves. IGHT OD only letnot the failure be through our fault. only let it not be through ourunsteady zeal and unfaithful voting, that it shall fail to beenforced and sustained. It has often occurred to me that, since our Temperancemen refuse to carry their principles to the polls,and to vote for "prohibition," they would do well tobreak op their Temperance Societies, and to ceaseholding their Temperance Conventions. In this wiseseveral important objects would be gained. 1st.They could then, as they cannot now, cultivate self-respect.And now, when they meet, they can hardlyfail to laugh in each other's faces, as did the RomanAugurs, over the conscious farce they are playing.2d. This farce played out, and the people would nolonger look upon Temperance with the prejudice andcontempt which its present unhappy associations excite.3. The putting aside of this sham and far worsethan worthless Temperance movement would makeroom for an earnest and efficient one. The English Temperance Reformers have recentlyinvited that noble man, General Neal Dow, to comeover and help them. They could not bare made abetter selection amongst us. And yet it seems veryabsurd that Temperance missionaries should go toEngland, where the Temperance spirit is the true one,from America, where it is spurious. Hundreds ofthousands of dollars are contributed annually in Englandto sustain by the printed page and eloquent lecturerthe agitation for governmental protection fromthe dramshop. Here and there an individual subscribes(reckoning in our currency) fifteen thousanddollars a year. Here and there twenty thousand dollars.I need not sty that the Temperance men ofEngland vote for "prohibition." Such earnest giversdo, of course, vote in the direction of their gifts.But English Reformers always vote for their Reforms,and therefore always carry them. It was by votingfor them that the English Reformers carried theirAnti-Slavery Reform, and their Corn Law Reform;and it is in this wise that they will carry the Suffrageand Temperance Reforms. Oh, ye earnest Temperance men of England!—nolonger look to as to be your teachers. But condescendto be the teachers of our poor, half-hearted,party debauched Temperance men, who are so sillyand infatuated as to make more account of the schemesand interests of their political parties than of thesublime mission of Temperance. No wonder that ourwealthy Temperance men have ceased their munificentgifts to the cause. In the light of the past, whatsecurity could they have that their gifts would not beused against the cause?—yes, that they would not beused to pay Temperance Society agents and lecturersfor electioneering for Rum candidates against Temperancecandidates? Every great reform is attended by a contest betweenitself and party politics. Which shall yield tothe other is the question. American Reformers, atfirst, talk big; but soon after, they betray their Reformto their political party. English Reformers, on thecontrary, take a great soul oath, (and keep it,) thatpolitical party shall yield to the Reform. Hence,not only the sure and speedy success of English Reforms,but, more than from any other cause, the remarkableadvancement of the English people in intelligence,earnestness and firmness. Their Reformsare their schools. Were I asked, how it came aboutthat the English people were able to withstand theendeavors of their aristocracy to draw them into sympathywith the Southern Rebellion—I would answer,that it is owing, far more than to any thing else, to theeducating influences upon them of their great Reforms—of those deep and wide agitations which haveresulted in the overthrow of hoary, crushing wrongs,and the establishment of vital, everlasting Rights.On the other hand, few things have done so much todamage the character of the American people, to reducetheir earnestness, to weaken their allegiance toprinciple, and to bring them under the sway of shallow,shifting expediency, as their habit of triflingwith and betraying the great Reforms which havemade their solemn appeals to the public heart. GERRIT SMITH. 

 Clearness of purpose, concentration and continuousindustry, joined to an integrity so far abovesuspicion that even when great leaders in allbranches of the government were openly accused,not even a whisper of doubt questioned his—theseform the quadruple claim to greatness which noAmerican can question in Edwin M. Stanton; andto his possession of these, in ampler measure thaneven his friends assort, is due the extinction of therebellion. From the day when he defined treason for Buchanan,Floyd and Thompson, to the hour when thesurrender of Joseph E. Johnston practically endedthe war, he has labored to infuse the unity of aimin every branch of the Government which alonewas needed, and which secured the triumph of theFederal cause. The party that elected Mr. Lincoln might splitand oppose the administration, the great Democraticparty might shake the country with its assaults,evoke issue after issue, render every move, whichshould have been simple, concrete, by the additionof political aims; still the Secretary, alone, couldnot be diverted from the heaven-imposed task of thesalvation of the Republic's integrity. From everymilitary defeat, from each political excitement, fromthe manœuvres of Fremont and the factitious problemsraised by McClellan, and from the financialagitations of the country's crippled commerce, hisundeviating power of will drew arguments for moremen, more material to put down the cause of allagitation—the rebellion; and the rebellion is putdown. alone Had the Secretary ever suffered himself to mixplans of personal aggrandizement with his greatpurpose, and sought to make his Secretaryship astepping-stool to the Presidency; had be ceased foran instant to be Secretary of War, and turnedpolitical debater, Davis would to-day be Presidentof a separate Confederacy. But among all the exemplifications of his wondrousconcentration of all without, as well as allwithin, the negro affords perhaps the most strikingone. Fremont and Phillips on the one hand, andVallandigham and Voorhees on the other, shook thegoverning administration, and threatened to dividethe North, and perplexed the President. Again theSecretary stood alone, devising means to use thesubject of contention as an element of physicalstrength against the rebellion. No word is heardfrom him on negro equality or inferiority, no discussionon Constitutional powers of peoples, States orPresidents; but in their stead his orders are receivedfor arms, clothing, ammunition for a hundredthousand dusky soldiers to be used in putting downthe rebellion. The Chicago platform of "Peacewith Treason," he analyzes by a trumpet call of"more men for Grant." No agitation can troublehim, no abuse turn him, no disaster discourage him,no threats divert him. Rumors of threatening foreignwars he meets with the simple remark, that if otherwars be coming, we must make the more energeticeffort to put down the rebellion. The effort madeaverts the war. His very entrance into the duties of the Secretary-shipsounded the prelude to the triumphal march ofeventual success; and the defeat of Zollicofferremedied the ill effects which a chain of disastersdue to mismanagement laid upon the people andupon the army. It was not till his iron will hadbeen fell, that the nation awoke to the exercise ofits own. He is charged with being rude in manner; andrude in manner he may be; but the engineer thatis driving a crazy locomotive upon an uncertaintrack, with a train of precious lives depending uponhis skill, with a sense of the awful responsibilityresting upon him, can scarce be expected to bow tothe listless pedestrian on the road side as politely asthe dandy driver of a sleek team on Central Park.And to whom was he ever rude? To men whocame with theories to trouble him in his practicalwork, work the greatest ever allotted to a militaryminister;—to men who came for permits to effectsordid ends in countries heaving in the throes ofdeath-agonies which he was working to end, whenhe had shattered armies to reconstruct, direct,clothe and feed. The Secretary of State has comparedhim to Carnot in ability; but the AmericanSecretary equals the French Minister no less in hisstern integrity, pure patriotism, and contempt ofshams. With the news of the aceldama of Fredericksburgtaxing his head, and wringing his heart,fully alive to the magnitude of its horrors and anticipativeof its possible consequences, is it a wonderhe could not bow and scrape to some philanthropicfool's suggestions of the meaning of the first sentenceof the Declaration of Independence? Great men in earnest talk earnestly. Speak ona stormy night to a captain on his quarter deckwhen the ship is on her beam ends, and the passengersare howling to the winds an anthem ofresponsive terror, and see if he will doff his souwester,and sit down to explain to you how you are tosave your private pouncet-box, and defer the ordernecessary to rescuing all from the tumultuous wrathof the seething ocean. In the hour of crisis, Godhelp the nation whose helmsmen steer with white-glovedhands! No, no! Great is the debt which we all owe tothe successful Generals who led our armies. Illimitableas is the gratitude we tender to the memoryof the murdered President, to Edwin M. Stanton weowe, under heaven,—and President and Generalsknow it well,—to him we owe THE UNION. NION. It has been stated by European writers uponAmerica, that we never put our great men intopower, but always select those of pliant ability.Perhaps the career of Edwin M. Stanton furnishesthe strongest illustration of the falsity of this charge,for a less pliant man than he never wielded power.Once satisfied of the requirements of equity andjustice, not all the pressure of an excited people,not all the clamor of the united press of the nation,can move him from his inflexible, purpose. pliant pliant The recent trial of the conspirators against thelife of Mr. Lincoln affords an illustration yet freshin the minds of us all. From the BungtownGazelle to the leading administration paper of thecountry all attacked the Secretary's adopted modusoperandi. "Star-chambering," "absolutism," "ruinof constitutional liberty," "a new rebellion," and"the plagues of Egypt" were to be the consequences,if this course were persisted in. They mightas well have attacked Gibraltar with potato popguns.Link by link he unfolded the chain of theconspiracy, his well-selected instruments trackedwith the certainty of Nemesis the footsteps of theassassin-in-chief, and, under his sagacious instructionsand well-selected agents, a crime greater than thatof the Borgias is exposed to the eyes of an awestrickennation. Gazelle modusoperandi. There is, in truth, something grand in the contemplationof the unbending will of the man in thismatter. He seems elevated by the spirit of justiceinto a sort of fate from whom there is no escaping.The death of his chief his heart seems to have feltas scarae any other seemed to feel it. The blood of the martyr appeared to appeal to himindividually for justice, and that appeal he answeredwith a celerity, certainty, and regardlessness ofsurrounding clamor that invest him with somethinglike solemn grandeur.—Boston Traveller. Boston Traveller. 

 If one-tenth part of the reports are true in regardto the ill-treatment of the blacks, which arecoming from all parts of the South, thicker and faster,a shocking state of things exists. From localitieswhere there are no national troops come reportsthat these unfortunate creatures are being hunteddown like dogs, and despatched without ceremony.The newspapers in the South are filled with accountsof these brutal murders, which foot up to anaggregate of several hundred deaths per day,which is doubtless only a small portion of the numbernoticed. An Alabama paper says that thisbusiness has become so extensive and common thatsome planters even boast that they could manuretheir lands with the dead carcases of negroes. Seriouslyspeaking, it is a matter which demands theprompt attention of the authorities at Washington.If negroes can be shot down daily in garrisoned townswhere the authorities are unable to stop this state ofthings, it is very reasonable to suppose that thisbrutal work is carried on more extensively wherethe blacks have no protection. This wholesale murderingof human beings is, we fear, the practicalworking of the conspiracy to exterminate the coloredrace, which is revolting to the Christian age.A just God will hold the Government of the UnitedStates, which is responsible for the welfare of thesepeople, to a strict accountability for every life thussacrificed. Deserting these innocent and helplessbeings, and denying them proper assistance and protectionin the hour of need, and thus leaving themto their fate, is an inhumanity as cruel as the grave,a crime for which the Nation will be punished, eitherby financial bankruptcy, chaotic discord said disunion,or a pestilence which will not leave enoughof the living to bury the dead. Our neighbor of The National Democrat, an ex-memberof the "Golden Circle" and a reformedrebel, in referring to this subject, in his recent issue,says,—"This alarming increase of deaths amongthe Blacks is, we fear, but the developing of the extensiveconspiracy alluded to in our last, which hasfor its object the reënslavement of the negroesor their entire extermination, (more likely the latter.)which was not expected would be apparent to thepublic until after the withdrawal of the nationaltroops, and our readmission to the Union had beensecured. Good behavior and discretion having accomplishedthis, then they, the Knights of the Circle,count on the protection and assistance of theState and local authorities, even if the SouthernStates are obliged to ratify the ConstitutionalAmendment abolishing Slavery, which, it is claimed,will be a dead letter, in any event. The armies disbanded,all fears of renewed hostilities removed, andthe ascension of the Democratic party to power, is,according to their figuring, also to be realized as amatter of course. "Those whom the gods seek todestroy, they first make mad." Therefore we againsay that unless this barbarous work ceases, we fearthat Gen. Butler will succeed in his project of organizinga black battalion in every county in theSouth, to be maintained by the proceeds realizedfrom the confiscated lands of the disloyal, whichhe claims is the remedy, together with Negro Suffrage,which will secure tranquillity to the Government,protection to the colored people, and justiceto all concerned; All this will be realized, unlessthe Southern people withhold their sympathyand encouragement from the malcontents. In thusexposing their fiendish designs, we hope to destroytheir evil intentions and secure our prompt returnto the Union, which will not be accomplished foryears to come if these confirmed and irreconcilableSecessionists are left to prosecute their suicidal work."—Southern Christian Intelligencer, Aug. 5. The National Democrat their entire extermination Southern Christian Intelligencer, Aug. ☞We learn from Col. Lawrence, Commandantof the post at Goldsborough, that six negroes werekilled at or near Warsaw some two weeks ago. Thefacts, as related to Col. Lawrence, were as follows:The former owner of the blacks left on the approachof the Union Army, the blacks remaining. Theywent to work and made a crop. The former ownerreturned recently, and ordered them to leave. Thenegroes refused; and the proprietor of the place,getting some neighbors with arms, ordered them offagain, and on their refusal to go attacked them, killingsix. These facts being reported at Wilmington,a company of soldiers were sent up, and the affairwill he investigated by the authorities at Wilmington,if it has not been done already.—RaleighProgress, Aug. 16. RaleighProgress, Aug. 

 A pertinent illustration of Southern character isfound in the effect produced on those prominentrebels who have been pardoned by the President.From all sources, public and private, we learn thatthey have generally returned to their respective localitiesmore insolent, self-sufficient, boastful andoverbearing than ever. They have become centresof disaffection to the government from whose clemencythey owe their power to do mischief. Theyseem to think that their pardon has been wrungfrom the fears of the Executive, and they brag andswagger as penitents more than they did as criminals.That peculiar combination of trickster andbully, which was of old the characteristic of thedominant Southern politician, now reappears in thedefeated demagogue and traitor in its most offensiveform. They appear to consider their oath ofallegiance as mere ceremonial forms of speech,whose binding obligation they can throw off withouteven a resort to the sophistry of Reverdy Johnson,and they take their pardons as complimentsto the energy and skill they have shown in thework of treason. In short, they are occupied insubstituting a rebellion of the tongue, and the ballot,and the bowie-knife, for the organized rebellionof arms which has just been, crushed, and theycount on receiving a sycophantic support in this enterprisefrom those classes at the North whose onehatred is "the nigger," and whose one belief is in"the Southern gentleman." President Johnson, who thinks that "treason isa crime, and not a mere difference of opinion," hasbeen somewhat surprised at finding that his applicantsfor pardon reverse his maxim, and considertreason a virtue on which pardon sets the seal ofimmortal fame. He has not been profuse in restoringmembers of the classes excepted in his proclamationof amnesty to their civil privileges, and heappears now convinced that greater abstinence inthe exercise of clemency would have better servedthe interests of justice. He had a right to supposethat if a pardon did not work a change of heart, itwould at least teach its recipient the policy of discretion,and a decent outside respect for constitutedauthority; but the spectacle of criminals, savedfrom punishment only to bully honest men, is morethan his nature can bear.—Boston Transcript. Boston Transcript. 

 The following is a genuine document. It wasdictated by the old servant, and contains his ideasand forms of expression. dictated DAYTON, Ohio, Aug. 7, 1865. AYTON To my old Master, Col. P.H. ANDERSON, BigSpring, Tennessee. To my old Master, Col. NDERSON BigSpring, Tennessee. SIR: I got your letter, and was glad to find thatyou had not forgotten Jordan, and that you wantedme to come back and live with you again, promisingto do better for me than anybody else can. I haveoften felt uneasy about you. I thought the Yankeeswould have hung you long before this for harboringrebs they found at your house. I suppose they neverheard about your going to Col. Martin's to killthe Union soldier that was left by his company intheir stable. Although you shot at me twice beforeI left you, I did not want to hear of your beinghurt, and am glad yon are still living. It woulddo me good to go back to the dear old home again,and see Miss Mary and Miss Martha and Allen,Esther, Green and Lee. Give my love to them all,and tell them I hope we will meet in the betterworld, if not in this. I would have gone back tosee you all when I was working in the NashvilleHospital, but one of the neighbors told me Henryintended to shoot me if he ever got a chance. IR I want to know particularly what the goodchance is you propose to give me. I am doing tolerablywell here; I get $25 a month, with victualsand clothing; have a comfortable home for Mandy,(the folks here call her Mrs. Anderson,) and thechildren, Milly, Jane and Grundy, go to school andare learning well; the teacher says Grundy hasa head for a preacher. They go to Sunday-School,and Mandy and me attend church regularly.We are kindly treated; sometimes we overhearothers saving, "Them colored people were slavesdown in Tennessee." The children feel hurt whenthey hear such remarks, but I tell them it was nodisgrace in Tennessee to belong to Col. Anderson.Many darkies would have been proud, as I used towas, to call you master. Now, if you will writeand say what wages you will give me, I will be betterable to decide whether it would be to my advantageto move back again. As to my freedom, which you say I can have,there is nothing to be gained on that score, as I gotmy free-papers in 1864 from the Provost-Marshal-Generalof the Department at Nashville. Mandysays she would be afraid to go back without someproof that you are sincerely disposed to treat usjustly and kindly—and we have concluded to testyour sincerity by asking you to send us our wagesfor the time we served you. This will make us forgetand forgive old sores, and rely on your justiceand friendship in the future. I served you faithfullyfor thirty-two years, and Mandy twenty years. At$25 a month for me, and $2 a week for Mandy,our earnings would amount to $11,680. Add tothis the interest for the time our wages has beenkept back, and deduct what you paid for our clothingand three doctor's visits to me, and pulling atooth for Mandy, and the balance will show whatwe are in justice entitled to. Please send themoney by Adams' Express, in care of V. Winters,Esq., Dayton, Ohio. If you fail to pay us for faithfullabors in the past, we can have little faith in yourpromises in the future. We trust the good Makerhas opened your eyes to the wrongs which you andyour fathers have done to me and my fathers, inmaking us toil for you for generations without recompense.Here I draw my wages every Saturdaynight, but in Tennessee there was never any payday for the negroes any more than for the horsesand cows. Surely there will be a day of reckoningfor those who defraud the laborer of his hire. In answering this letter, please state if therewould be any safety for my Milly and Jane, whoare now grown up, and both good-looking girls,You know how it was with poor Matilda and Catherine.I would rather stay here, and starve anddie, if it come to that, than have my girls broughtto shame by the violence and wickedness of theiryoung masters. You will also please state if thesehas been any schools opened for the colored childrenin your neighborhood. The great desire of my lifenow is to give my children an education, and havethem form virtuous habits. From your old servant, GEORGE ANDERSON. P.S.—Say howdy to George Carter, and thankhim for taking the pistol from you when you wereshooting at me. 

 The following extract from the Chicago Republican,and from the pen of Dana, the late AssistantSecretary of War, takes a sensible view of "magnanimous"Gen. Lee and his cause: Republican "So long as Gen. Lee remains in this country,and is allowed not only to go about without punishment,but to proclaim disloyal and obnoxious opinions,such as he fought for against the United States,there will always be a feeling of dissatisfactionamong loyal citizens. There is something intenselygalling in the fact that the articles of conventionbetween him and Grant were so loosely worded asto afford a loophole for the escape of such a traitorfrom the clutches of the law. Nothing could havebeen more unfortunate than this clerical lapsus. Ittarnishes what would otherwise have been the spotlessglory of the surrender on the part of our greatGeneral. A little lawyer cunning, a little less magnanimityand generosity toward a cruel and unscrupulousfoe whom he had already vanquished,whose armies were at his mercy, outgeneraled andbeaten at every point, would have left the rebelchief, who was the intellect and the heart of theferocious war waged against us, to be dealt with accordingto the forms and usages of law. "Lee has been extolled by secessionists, and allkinds of traitors in the North, as a great General, apink and pattern of the chivalry, an exemplary gentleman.But we look in vain for the proof of anyone of these allegations, in the actual life of theman. What are the great battles that he has won?Where are the evidences of his chivalry and gentility?They are illusive. A cold-blooded, common-place,in every sense medium man, save in thatquality of animal courage which he shares with thebull-dog, he stands before us to-day, blackened byinhumanities for which language has no name. "That this man, who has violated his parcle bywords of cheer and treason to his own soldiers whenhe sent them to their homes, by insolently holding asort of levee in his house in Richmond, and declaringand defending his treason in the presence ofUnited States armies—that this man should be allowed,on the specified grounds, to go scot free, isindeed a refinement of the sensibility of honor. Ifit be proper and fitting that the brutal murdererwho kept the Andersonville prison should be triedfor his life, and he but an instrument in the handsof Davis and Lee, upon what ground ought eitherof these—the intellectual originators of the entirescheme of cruelty which welters will the bloodof Union soldiers all over the Confederacy—uponwhat ground ought either of these to escape?" 

 In the late "Romance of Fashionable Life" whichhas appeared in the newspapers, we are informedthat G——, the man who deserted his family forperfectly promiscuous love-making, "went to Canada;where, by means of matrimonial advertisements,he opened correspondence with several ladies." Asa general rule, a man who offers by advertisementor otherwise, "with a view to matrimony," to establisha correspondence with women unknown to himis a designing scamp, with whom it is perfectly salefor virtuous females, who desire to remain so, tohave nothing whatever to do. We do not see howany woman with the slightest self-respect, and areasonable share of common sense, can be inveigledinto such a compromising and dangerous proceeding;but it is fair to consider how little experiencemany women, especially in the country-towns, haveof the countless devices of the wicked; how manywoman are seeking to better a condition which sadlyneeds bettering; how many women are desperatelydesirous of being married—for which we donot blame them—because every woman should bemarried; how many are thoughtless, and enter intothe affair "just for the fun or it." To the latterclass we have simply to say that their "fun" mayprove a sad and serious business. Let any girl whois inclined to begin a correspondence such as wehave described, ask her brother what be thinks of it,and she will probably get an answer which willfrighten her, by revealing the peril to which theyapparently innocent temptation has exposed her.Or let such an one ask herself if a high-minded,honorable and true-hearted man, really desirous ofa wife worthy of his affection, and fit to be themother of his children, would be likely to advertisefor a clerk or for a groom? We do not say that ahappy and prosperous union might not grow out ofsuch a negotiation; but we positively aver that thechances are ten thousand to one against it. It ismore dubious than Ben Wood's Lottery, or Swindle& Co.'s last Great Gift Enterprise. There is verylittle chance of a marriage at all as the end of thesedisreputable beginnings, and still less of a happyone, should marriage be the result. We are informed that epistolary gallantry of aquestionable character has been among the favoriteamusements of not a few ungentlemanly officersduring the war. We use the word ungentlemanlywith a perfect consciousness of its meaning. Nosoldier who respects himself of the honor of theservice, would be guilty of befooling credulous andinexperienced girls into writing letters to be roaredover at the mess-table, or into sending photographsto be handed about and made the theme of ribaldjests. We are by no means the advocates of privaterevenges; but if ever a poltroon deserved ignominiouschastisement, it is he who dupes a womaninto writing to him confidential letters, and thenexhibits them to his comrades. But for this, shouldit occur, the woman has partly herself to blame.Her best instincts should have saved her from runningsuch a risk. There are fellows, not in the army, who advertisethat women are wanted as "teachers," or as"governesses," or as "housekeepers." Those whoanswer their letters are requested to send theirphotographs. This is a more cruel jest than theother; because those who reply to such advertisementsmay reasonably suppose that their servicesare really required in the capacities indicated; andas there are thousands of women who are in pressingneed of employment by which they can earntheir daily bread, these rascals, no doubt, receivemany replies and many pictures. A man who wasrequired to send his photograph with his applicationwould smell a swindle at once; but, besidepriding themselves upon their personal attractions,and fancying them of more value than they reallyare, women are artless and unsophisticated andtoo easily deluded. A man who can thus triflewith their credulity is such an ingrained and unmitigatedblackguard that remonstrance with himwould be pains wasted. We satisfy ourselves withthis word of caution to those who may be his dupes—N.Y. Tribune. N.Y. Tribune. 

 LEVINGTON, Mass. EVINGTON TWENTY superior Teachers, among upon are THEODORED. WELD, formerly Principal of the Englishwood School, New Jersey, and I.N. CARLETON, formerlyof Phillips's Academy, Andover. Send for Catalogue and Circulars to Dr. LEWIS. EWIS. August 11. 

